This Application Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the Policy) applies to all information that the developer Sergey Abaev (hereinafter referred to as the Developer) may receive about the user while the latter is using this application. Using the application means the user's unconditional consent to this Policy and the conditions for processing his personal information specified in it; in case of disagreement with these conditions, the user must refrain from using the application.
1. Personal information of users that the application receives and processes
1.1. For the purposes of this Policy, "personal user information" means:
1.1.1. Personal information that the user provides about himself when registering (creating an account) or in the process of using the application, including the user's personal data, phone number and other data. The information is provided by the user at his discretion.
1.1.2 Data that is automatically transmitted to the Developer in the course of their use using the application installed on the device, including information from cookies, information about the user's device.
1.2. This Policy applies only to the application. The developer does not control and is not responsible for the information of third parties, to which the user can follow the links available in the application. On such sites, other personal information may be collected or requested from the user, and other actions may also be performed.
1.3. The developer generally does not verify the accuracy of personal information provided by users, and does not exercise control over their legal capacity. However, the Developer proceeds from the fact that the information transmitted by him from users is reliable and keeps this information up to date.
2. Purposes of collecting and processing personal information of users
2.1. The application collects and stores only those personal data that are necessary to provide the services included in the application.
2.2. The developer can use the personal information of the application user for the following purposes:
2.2.1. Identification of a party within agreements;
2.2.2. Providing the user with personalized services;
2.2.3. Communication with the user, including sending notifications, requests and information regarding the use of services, the provision of services, as well as processing requests and applications from the user;
2.2.4. Improving the quality of the application, the convenience of its use, the development of new services and services;
2.2.5. Conducting statistical and other research based on anonymized data.
3. Conditions for processing the user's personal information and its transfer to third parties
3.1. The application stores personal information of users in accordance with the Developer's regulations
3.2. With regard to the user's personal information, its confidentiality is maintained, except in cases where the user voluntarily provides information about himself for general access to an unlimited number of persons.
3.3. The developer has the right to transfer the user's personal information to third parties in the following cases:
3.3.1. The user has expressed his consent to such actions;
3.3.2. The transfer is necessary as part of the user's use of a particular service or to provide the service to the user;
3.3.3. The transfer is provided for by Russian or other applicable legislation within the framework of the procedure established by law;
3.4. When processing personal data of application users, the Developer is guided by the Federal Law of the Russian Federation "On Personal Data".
4. Change of personal information by the user
4.1. The User can change or supplement personal information on his own or by contacting the Developer's specialists.
4.2. The User can also delete the personal information provided by him within a certain account by requesting the deletion of his account through the Developer's specialists by e-mail specified in clause 7.
5. Measures taken to protect the personal information of users The developer takes the necessary and sufficient organizational and technical measures to protect the user's personal information from unauthorized or accidental access, destruction, modification, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as from other illegal actions of third parties with it .
6. Changing the Privacy Policy. Applicable law
6.1. The developer has the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. When making changes in the current version, the date of the last update is indicated. The new version of the Policy comes into force from the moment it is posted, unless otherwise provided by the new version of the Policy.
6.2. The law of the Russian Federation shall apply to this Policy and the relationship between the user and the Developer arising in connection with the application of the Privacy Policy.
7. Feedback. Questions and suggestions All suggestions or questions about this Policy should be reported to the Developer's User Support Service serjaru@gmail.com.