Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for Individuals in the United States
Date Posted:
March 4, 2025
National Retail Federation, Inc. (“NRF”) (collectively, “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy notice to describe how we process the information you provide when visiting the websites or mobile applications (“apps”) that link to this notice (collectively “Site”), or otherwise interact with us.
Information Collection
The information we collect and that you provide to us will depend on the context in which you interact with NRF. Information we collect may include:
Personal Details: Information such as name, address, email, telephone number, payment details, education information, and any other information you choose to provide when you visit the Site, become an NRF member, or interact with NRF for any purpose, including the purposes described below.
Biographical Information: Social media or blog username/URL, photograph, and biography when you speak at an event.
Employment-Related Information: Company-related information and personal title if you are an employee of a member company, exhibitor, or sponsor.
Application Information: Information related to job postings and applications, including educational and professional history, when you use the Job Board.
Contents of Communications: Information you choose to share with NRF and/or NRF members through direct contact and messaging features.
Location Information: Information related to your device’s location if you enable certain features within NRF Connect.
External Sources: Information about you, such as your name and contact information, from NRF members, partners, and external sources.
Site Interaction Information: Information related to your interactions with the Site, including operating system, browser type, IP (Internet Protocol) address, and pages visited.
Information Use
We may use the information we collect for any lawful purpose, including the following:
To complete your orders and transactions;
To organize and facilitate events, including to promote and provide events and send communications regarding event registration and participation;
For membership purposes, such as to create and manage accounts, to link member accounts with external accounts (such as, social networking accounts), to provide information related to your employer’s membership or account, to deliver features that allow members to communicate and interact with one another, or to highlight nearby members if using certain NRF Connect features;
To provide communications, including updates, publications, fundraising, and marketing materials, to which you subscribe or that are relevant to you;
To provide and improve services you request, including to administer testing, process donations, and publish data on job boards;
To respond to your inquiries;
To operate, personalize, and improve NRF and our Site, including for analytics, research, marketing, recruitment, and other business purposes;
To comply with the law and maintain the security of our Site;
With your consent; and
As otherwise disclosed at the time information is collected.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect with third parties, including the following:
With third parties that perform services on our behalf, including community engagement platform providers, payment processors and email service providers, as well as with our legal or business advisors;
With other NRF members, including through NRF Connect and the Job Board;
With attendees of our events regarding information related to the event;
As part of a corporate sale, merger, or acquisition involving NRF or other transfer of all or part of our assets, including as part of a bankruptcy proceeding;
Pursuant to a subpoena, court order, governmental inquiry, or other legal process or as otherwise required by law, to protect our rights or the rights of third parties, or to protect the safety or security of any person or entity;
With your consent; and
As otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing.
We may use and share information that has been de-identified or aggregated without limitation.
We do not share phone numbers, text messaging originator opt-in data, or consents with third parties. Such data elements are exempt from disclosure.
The Site may offer interactive features that you can use to communicate with other Site visitors, such as the ability to send individual or group messages; to collaborate on, submit, or post your own content or events; or to share and access media and resources. If you disclose information in one of these forums, this information can be viewed, collected, and used by others.
Third-Party Links and Social Media Tools
The Site may provide links to third-party websites or apps, including our social media pages. We do not control the privacy practices of those websites or apps, and they are not covered by this privacy notice. You should review the privacy notices of other websites or apps that you use to learn about their data practices.
The Site may also include integrated social media tools or “plug-ins,” such as social networking tools offered by third parties. If you use these tools to share personal information or you otherwise interact with social media features on the Site, including by registering for an NRF event using your social media account, those social media companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including by sharing such information with the general public.
Your interactions with third-party social media companies and the use of their features are governed by the privacy policies of the social media companies that provide those features. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies of any social media accounts you create and use.
Digital Advertising & Analytics
We may work with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on our behalf on non-affiliated platforms. Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and devices. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.
You may visit the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Webchoices tool at
www.aboutads.info
to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt out of this advertising on websites by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program. You can also exercise choices regarding interest-based advertising on your mobile device by downloading the appropriate version of the DAA’s AppChoices tool at
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
.
If you delete your cookies or use a different browser or device, you may need to make your choices again. After you opt out, you will still receive advertising online but that advertising may be less relevant to your interests.
We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes. We use Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our website, visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
We also use Hotjar, a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g., how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with users’ feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular, device IP address, device screen size, device type, unique device identifiers, browser information, geographic location, and preferred language). For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking through on this
link
. You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site, and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out
link
.
Your Choices
To opt out of our e-mail marketing or to cancel your subscription to a newsletter, you can use the link provided at the bottom of each email message, or if applicable, you can change your preferences in your MyNRF account. If you opt out of email marketing, we will still send you messages related to our transactions and relationship with you, such as event registration confirmations.
To opt out of text communications from us, simply respond with either “STOP” or “UNSUBSCRIBE” to the number from which you received the message. Once we receive your message, you will no longer receive further text messages from us.
Updating Your Information
When you have an account with us, you may review, change, or update your contact information by logging into your account. You may also send a request to review using the information in the “Contact” section.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
If we decide to change our privacy notice, we will post these changes on this page. We encourage you to visit this page periodically to learn of updates.
Contact
If you have questions, comments or concerns about this privacy notice, please contact us at:
1101 New York Ave NW
Washington, DC 20005
202-783-7971
https://nrf.com/about-us/contact-us
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
