This privacy policy sets out how EasyTok uses and protects any information that you give EasyTok when you use one of our applications. EasyTok is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this app, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. EasyTok may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the data about how you use the app.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
- App experience - information to improve our products and services.
Information about the auto-renewable nature of the EasyTok Pro Subscriptions
You can get limited number of video, if you want to get unlimited video your subscription should be continued.
Subscription periods are 1 week, 1 month and 12 months. Every 1 week / 1 month / 12 months your subscription renews.
1 week subscription price is $2.99. 1 month price is $4.49. 1 Year price is $20.49.
Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
You can cancel your subscription via this url:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039
Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable
Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating our offerings of products and services on the Service. The products or services available on our Service may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable, and we may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other web sites.
We cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information, including prices, product images, specifications, availability, and services. We reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of EasyTok and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the France and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of EasyTok.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall EasyTok, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
EasyTok its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.