For PhotoSweep
from Splinterware
INTRODUCTION
The PhotoSweep Application (the 'App') is developed and supported by Splinterware Ltd. You can view our website through https://www.splinterware.com (the 'Website').
YOUR PHOTO LIBRARY
Splinterware has no access to your private photo library. Your photos are stored on your local device (e.g iPhone, iPad) where PhotoSweep will help to sort them out. No data related to your photos is ever transferred to Splinterware or any 3rd party when you use our app.
Splinterware values the privacy and security of the information that you share with us. This Privacy Statement applies to information collected by Splinterware through the App or the Website. This Statement describes how Splinterware collects, uses, shares, protects, or otherwise processes your personal information. By using this App and Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
Splinterware collects personal information to set up and manage accounts for our software services and to handle orders of goods and services from Splinterware.
You may need to provide Splinterware with personal information such as names and email addresses.
Splinterware uses such information for website registration; handling orders; providing receipts;
providing customer service; sending service update notices;
Splinterware collects information from you when you connect to our Website or post entries to our community forums. Such information may include your email address, Internet Protocol address, device information, user name, date and time of login/logout and date and time of posts to the forum.
Splinterware uses this information for the secure and efficient functioning of our App and Website, to provide you with access to software or services you have purchased and access to our community site.
Transaction Information
Splinterware collects information on each transaction conducted through our App or Website. Such information may include the amount of the transaction; the goods purchased; the identity of the customer; payment type and Internet Protocol address.
Splinterware uses such information for refunds, for customer service, for website optimization, or for other administrative or business purposes. Splinterware retains transaction information for as long as reasonably required for business purposes or as reasonably required to comply with our legal obligations.
Splinterware uses well established 3rd party payment processing services (e.g. Apple In-App Purchases, Paypal) when purchasing through the App or our Website, therefore Splinterware does NOT receive or store personal information such as bank account information; credit and debit card information; dates of birth; and identification documents.
Customer Service Correspondence
Splinterware also collects information involving customer service correspondence. This information may include emails or internet chats or logfiles. Splinterware processes this information to provide customer service. Splinterware retains customer service information for as long as reasonably required for business purposes or as reasonably required to comply with our legal obligations.
Cookies
Cookies are small files containing strings of text stored on your computer. The Website uses cookies to authenticate you as a user when you log in to our community forums so you do not have to supply a username and password each time. Splinterware does not do any tracking using cookies. You may stop your browser from accepting cookies and this will not limit your functionality when using our website.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
Splinterware may share your personal information with Organizations that Provide Services to Us. We require such organizations to use such information solely for the purposes of providing services to us and to protect the personal information with appropriate safeguards.
Such organizations include financial institutions; payment processors; fraud prevention service providers and anti-fraud networks; customer service providers and representatives; and others who perform technical, logistical, financial, tax, legal, compliance, or administrative functions on our behalf.
These organizations may perform functions such as processing credit and debit card payments, sending wire transfers, providing customer service, and providing other financial, technical, logistical, tax, legal, compliance, or administrative functions.
Splinterware may disclose personal information where required by law or by an order or requirement of a court, administrative agency, or other government entity, or by court rules concerning the production of records, or Splinterware has reasonable grounds to believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, privacy, property, or safety of our users or others, or where Splinterware has reasonable grounds to believe that the information relates to the breach of an agreement or violation of the law that has been, is being, or is about to be committed, or where it is necessary for fraud protection, risk reduction, or the establishment or collection of funds owed to us, or where it is necessary to enforce or apply our legal agreements, to pursue remedies, or to limit damages to Splinteware, or where the information is public, or where you have provided consent or with your direction, or other reasons allow it or other laws require it.
ACCESS
At your request, we will provide you with reasonable access to your personal information, so that you can review what we have stored and, if you choose, request corrections to it. You may request access by writing to us at the address listed in the Contact Information section below. After you request access, we will provide the personal information that you request as soon as practically possible and generally no later than thirty days following the request. If you wish to correct your personal information, please send us a written explanation of the particular information that you believe should be corrected. Where information will not or cannot be accessed or amended, we will tell you the reasons.
SECURITY
Splinterware combines technical safeguards with policies and procedures to protect your information. We work to protect your personal information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer software, which encrypts the information that you provide online at our Website. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your information.
CHILDREN
Splinterware does not specifically sell products for purchase by children. However our products DO NOT contain any content inappropriate for children, therefore no age verification is asked for. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under age 13. If you are under age 13, do not share personal information with us. In the European Union, the age limitation is 16. Thus, if this jurisdiction applies to you, Splinterware will not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under age 16.
CONTROLLING UNSOLICITED EMAIL
If you have purchased a product from us we may send you relevent information about our products and services from time to time (generally not more than twice per year). You may opt out of Splinterware's list or update your information by notifying us at support@splinterware.com at any time.
AMENDMENTS
Splinterware may amend this Privacy Statement on one or more occasions by posting a revised statement on this website or a similar website that replaces this website.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have questions or concerns related to this Privacy Statement, you may contact us by email at support@splinterware.com.