Home
Terms of use application
Terms of use application
PRIVACY POLICY
1. This privacy policy of the AmoreShop Application is an integral part of the User Agreement of the Internet resource https://amoreshop.com.ua, the full version of which you can find at the
link
and applies to information that may be collected when using the AmoreShop Application (hereinafter referred to as the Application).
By registering in the Application, you agree to accept the instructions described in this Privacy Policy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the procedure for collecting, storing, and processing personal data and information that you provide through the Application.
The Privacy Policy applies to "personal data and information" that we collect during downloading, installation, and registration in the Application.
"Personal data and information" means data that identifies you personally, both individually and in combination with other information available to us. Examples of personal information include your name, address, email address, phone number, and other information that you may provide when using our Application.
By using our Application, you agree to the terms described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Application. We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any time. Any changes take effect upon posting in a new version. We recommend regularly reviewing updates to this Policy to stay informed of any changes and possible ways your information may be used.
2. Personal data and information collected through the Application.
Personal identification information means information that allows us to know who you are. Personal information is provided when ordering goods and services, registering an account, and receiving comments from us. For example, this information may include your name, address (both legal and actual), email address, phone number, product information, and interests. This information may be stored in our contact or administrative databases in connection with our cooperation with you or considering that, in our opinion, you may be interested in receiving materials about our activities and services from us. This allows us to more effectively manage our relationships, improve our Application, and target materials that we may send you based on interests.
Non-personalized identification information means information of a purely statistical nature that does not itself identify specific individuals or legal entities and depends on your visits to the Application. For example, this information may include the domain from which you access the internet, date and time of access to the Application, device type, etc. This information is used in aggregate form to increase the usefulness and attractiveness of the Application for users.
3. Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and other web technologies to collect information and support certain features of our Application. For example, we use these technologies to: - collect information about how visitors use the Application: visited pages, which links are used, and duration of stay on each page; - determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and manage them; - support Application functions, for example, to eliminate the need to re-enter input data that is already in our database or reset settings already set during repeat visits to the Application; for personalizing work with the Application.
Usually, the information you provide through these web technologies does not allow us to identify you personally. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you can set your browser to reject these files. Additionally, you can also delete our cookies after leaving the Application.
4. AmoreShop's use of your personal information
We typically use personal information collected through the Application for: - providing information about goods and services; - security and fraud prevention; - effective customer service; - personalizing Application use; - displaying personalized advertising when visiting the Application; - providing you with special offers and other information that we think may be of interest to you (but with your permission) - providing you with information and notifications about your use of the Application; - providing you with invitations to participate in surveys and give us your comments; - better understanding your needs and interests; - improving content, functionality, and convenience of the Application; - improving our goods and services; - improving our marketing and advertising activities; - for implementing logistics services by transport-forwarding and courier organizations - any other purposes specified in the current privacy notice or other agreements between AmoreShop and you.
5. Deletion of personal data - The User has the right to withdraw consent for processing their personal data by deleting their profile in the Application. - To exercise their rights as a personal data subject, including profile deletion in the application, the User must send the appropriate request to the Administration at Email – shop@amoreshop.com.ua; - After deleting the User's profile, if the Application is to be used again, the User must re-provide their personal data required for using the Application.
6. AmoreShop's sharing of your personal information - service providers. We provide access to personal information to companies and organizations that provide services on our behalf, for example, companies that provide us with auxiliary services (including processing services, data center services, and web hosting services), or that help us sell our goods and services. - within AmoreShop We provide access to personal information collected through the Application to AmoreShop employees or other AmoreShop affiliated organizations for cross-marketing purposes and other purposes. If you object to sharing your personal information with other AmoreShop divisions, you have the right to opt out at any time by sending a written notice to marketing@amoreshop.com.ua.
7. Regulatory responsibility, protection of our rights and the rights of others.
We have the right to disclose personal information when we believe disclosure complies with legislation, court order, or procedure. We also have the right to disclose personal information to prevent and investigate possible crimes, including fraud or identity theft, to enforce or apply our online resource terms of use or other agreements, and to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property, or safety of our users or others.
8. Aggregate information. We have the right to provide access to demographic or survey information to third parties, however, such information will be in anonymous form and contain no personal data or information. Aggregate information to which we provide access may include anonymous information collected through the use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies, as described in the "Cookies and Similar Technologies" section.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy, which you have agreed to.
You can opt out of our direct marketing mailings at any time by sending an email or written notice to marketing@amoreshop.com.ua. Please provide your full name, address, and email address so we can find you in our mailing lists. After receiving the necessary information, we will remove you from our mailing lists. Please give us sufficient time to fulfill your request.
9. Public offer
- By using the Application and filling out feedback forms, I give unambiguous consent to the processing of my personal data, namely: surname, first name, patronymic, email address, phone number, by AmoreShop for marketing activities and activities to promote goods and services sold through TM AmoreShop, market research and consumer demand, under the following conditions:
- My provided personal data, within the above-mentioned purpose of personal data processing, may be transferred to AmoreShop's affiliated persons, as well as other persons who have contractual relations with AmoreShop and carry out advertising, marketing activities, etc.
- This consent is valid for the period necessary to implement the purpose of personal data processing provided for by it and can be withdrawn by sending a message to the data controller at marketing@amoreshop.com.ua. Withdrawal of this consent entails the termination of processing of my personal data.
- I am informed about the use of my personal data, composition and content, purpose of processing my personal data, and persons to whom my personal data is transferred. Distribution, transfer, and provision of access to personal data to other persons within this consent will not require obtaining separate consent for such actions or providing me with a separate notification.
- Any inquiries regarding the processing of my personal data should be sent to AmoreShop at marketing@amoreshop.com.ua.
- I am informed that I have the rights of a personal data subject provided for by Art. 8 of the Law of Ukraine "On Personal Data Protection" dated June 1, 2010, No. 2297-VI.
This form has been disabled.