Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how CouponBirds collect and use information when you interact with us. CouponBirds's products include, but are not limited to, CouponBirds website, CouponBirds Mobile App, and CouponBirds browser extension. Your personal information is important to both you and CouponBirds. Please read the following notice carefully.
Information We Collect
Personal Information is information that can be used to identify, locate, or contact an individual. We mainly collect your contact information you provide to us, such as your name, gender, email addresses, location, telephone numbers, social media websites. Your personal information is collected when you leave your feedback, give us suggestions or report problems via email. Your privacy is very important to us. We mainly use the information to operate and improve our services of website and extension. If you provide any personal information, we guarantee your information will never be sold or distributed.
If you add our extension to your browser, we may collect your unique personal identifier, IP address, device, country, browser type, extension version, retailer name, product pages, pricing information, and our coupon codes you clicked or used. We collect the information to personalize and improve our services.
How CouponBirds Collects and Uses Personal Information
We may ask you for Personal Information when you register, subscribe, create an account, or otherwise interact with the Services or contact CouponBirds. Your privacy is very important to us. We mainly use the information to communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about CouponBirds and featured merchants and business partners, such as CouponBirds news, special offers and coupons, announcements, promote and marketing materials. If you do not agree to our practices, please do not register, subscribe, create an account, or otherwise interact with the CouponBirds Services. If you agree to our Privacy Policy, we may provide advertisements to you through the Services, third-party sites, email messages, text messages, mobile-push notifications, or other methods of communication.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account, your preferences, and your use of the Services. CouponBirds uses cookies to collect information about how our site and extension are used by our visitors. With cookies, we can better track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. If you don't want to leave your cookies, you can turn off cookie collection within your own web browser at any time. For more details, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
Third Party Services
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information by CouponBirds through your interaction with the Services. Other websites that may be accessible through links from our Services may have their own privacy statements and personal information collection, use, and disclosure policy. Merchants and business partners may have their own privacy statements, too. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by these other parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion.
Sponsored Links
When you shop through some links on CouponBirds, you will be redirected to the store's website through affiliate network. The affiliate networks document your use of coupons to calculate a potential commission to CouponBirds.
Policy Change Notification
We may update this privacy policy to reflect new or different privacy practice from time to time. If we change any portion of our policy in the ongoing development of our web site, these changes will be posted at this page. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information about our privacy practices. Thus, you can use our service better at any time.
Children's Privacy
CouponBirds does not intend that any portion of the Services will be accessed or used by children under the age of eighteen, and such use is prohibited. The Services are designed and intended for adults. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least eighteen years old and understand that you must be at least eighteen years old in order to create an account and purchase the goods or services advertised through the Services. We will promptly delete information associated with any account for which we obtain actual knowledge that the registered user associated with the account is not at least eighteen years old.
Last Updated July 03, 2024