Privacy Policy
We do not collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, share, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law，What information we collect:
——Personal Information:
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you. “Personal Information” means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.
——Non-Personal Information:
We collect non-personal information about your use of our Apps and aggregated information regarding the usages of the Apps. “Non-Personal Information” means information that is of an anonymous nature, such as the type of mobile device you use,  your mobile operating system,  information about the way you use the Application.
——Bluetooth, location information:
When using OneWidget, you can authorize us to obtain your Bluetooth and location status to better design and select your favorite system components. The acquisition of Bluetooth and location information is only enabled/disabled. We will not collect your specific location, and will not modify and share your information for any other purpose. The acquisition and use of Bluetooth and location information is to enable us to provide you with better services. If you have any concerns, you can cancel your authorization at the time of authorization or at any time after authorization.
Security
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use.
Your Privacy
We do NOT store or retain any personal information that can be used to identify you (the end user), unless specifically stated in the application. No data specific to the end user will be shared or sold to third parties. We have no interest in housing and storing users personal information or data. We do not track your browsing history.
Non-Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in users’ behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services. We may collect non-personal information such as iOS version, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page.