Privacy Policy
Albin Gasi
2022-04-01T19:00:37-07:00
Prehab Privacy Policy
Last modified: November, 2021
1. INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy describes how Prehab collects and uses Personal Data about you through the use of our Website, mobile applications, and through email, text, text marketing, and other electronic communications between you and Prehab.
Prehab, LLC (“
Prehab
,” or
“
we
,” “
our
,” or “
us
”) respects your privacy, and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This Privacy Policy (our “
Privacy Policy
”) describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit or use our websites located at
http://www.theprehabguys.com
or http:
http://www.theprehabguys.exercise.com
(our “
Website
”) or our Prehab mobile application (our “
App
”) as well as the online movement therapy services (“Services”) available to users through the Website and App, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
on our Website and App;
in email and other electronic messages between you and our Website and App;
when you contact us by telephone;
when you contact us and(or) interact with us through text marketing;
when you interact with our advertising and applications on third party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Prehab or any third party;
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or App.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website and Apps. By accessing or using our Website and/or App, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
). Your continued use of our Website or App after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
Prehab can be used by physical therapists in connection with their provision of services to patients. Prehab does not provide any medical or health advice or services. When we collect health information for or on behalf of physical therapists in connection with providing or potentially providing treatment to patients, we do so as a “business associate” of the physical therapists and the information we collect may include protected health information (“PHI”) under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”). In this regard, we enter into business associate agreements with physical therapists governing the use, privacy and security of PHI. We will use and disclose PHI only in accordance with the business associate agreements and HIPAA.
We may de-identify your Personal Information so that it no longer reasonably identifies you. In this case, we may use this de-identified data without restriction and for any purpose, including to improve our Website, Application, and products and services.
2. NO USERS UNDER THE AGE OF 18
Our Website and App are not intended for users under the age of 18 and users under the age of 18 are not permitted to use our Website or our App. We will remove any information about a user under the age of 18 if we become aware of it.
Our Website and App are not intended for user under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any information to or through the Website or App. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from user under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on our Website or in our Apps or on or through any of their features, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Data from a user under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from a user under 18, please contact us at
support@theprehabguys.com
or call us at (310)-554-7088.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
We collect different types of information about you, including information that may directly identify you, information that is about you but individually does not personally identify you, and information that we combine with our other users. This includes information that we collect directly from you or through automated collection technologies.
Generally
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website and App, specifically information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, billing address, e-mail address, home and mobile telephone numbers, credit or debit card number (for payment purposes only), profession, physical condition and health information (“
Personal Data
” or “
Personal Information
”);
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as traffic data, logs, referring/exit pages, date and time of your visit to our Website or use of our App, error information, clickstream data, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website or through our App; or
about your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website or use our App and usage details.
We collect this information:
directly from you when you provide it to us;
automatically as you navigate through the Website or use our App. Information collected automatically may include estimated location, usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies; and
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website or through our App is:
Personal Data such as the data identified above;
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website or the App. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website or App, using our Services or other services available through the Website for the App, purchasing products, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or App;
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us; and
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website or through the App and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website or App.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “
posted
”) on public areas of the Website or App or transmitted to other users of the Website or App or third parties (collectively, “
User Contributions
”). For example, you may post a question about a particular type of activity in our online forum or post achievements in the public areas of our Website or App. Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website and App with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website and App, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, specifically:
details of your visits to our Website or App, such as traffic data, location, logs, referring/exit pages, date and time of your visit to our Website or use of our App, error information, clickstream data, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website or in the App; and
information about your computer, mobile device, and Internet connection, specifically your IP address, operating system, browser type, and App version information.
The information we collect automatically may include Personal Data or we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Data we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and App and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website and our App according to your individual interests;
recognize you when you return to our Website and our App.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies)
. We and our service providers may use cookies and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Website and App through your computer or mobile device. A cookie is a small file or piece of data sent from a website and stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device. On your computer, you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser, and you may have similar capabilities on your mobile device in the preferences for your operating system or browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website or use certain parts of our App. Unless you have adjusted your browser or operating system setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website or use our App.
Web Beacons
. Pages of a Website, text marketing, or our e-mails, may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages, opened an e-mail or text marketing message and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Google Analytics
. We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“
Google
”) to collect certain information relating to your use of the Website. Google Analytics uses “
cookies
”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyze how users use the site. You can find out more about how Google uses data when you visit our Website by visiting “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at
google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
). We may also use Google Analytics Advertising Features or other advertising networks to provide you with interest-based advertising based on your online activity. For more information regarding Google Analytics please visit Google’s website, and pages that describe Google Analytics, such as
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your Personal Data for various purposes described below, including to:
provide our Website or App to you;
provide products and Services to you;
provide you with information you request from us;
enforce our rights arising from contracts;
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data:
to provide our Website and its functionality, contents and services to;
to provide our App and its functionality, contents and services;
to provide our products and Services to you;
to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us or that may be of interest to you;
to process, fulfill, support, and administer transactions and orders for products and Services ordered by you;
to provide you with notices about your Prehab account;
to contact you in response to a request;
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
to notify you about changes to our Website, our App, or any products or services we offer or provide though them;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
for any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you, including through newsletters, telephone, email and text marketing. If you wish to opt-out of receiving such communications, you may do so at any time by using the unsubscribe (and STOP for text marketing) mechanism within each of these communications . For more information, see
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
.
5. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We do not share, sell, or otherwise disclose your Personal Data for purposes other than those outlined in this Privacy Policy. We disclose your Personal Data to a few third parties, including:
our affiliates and third party service providers that we use to support our business;
to a company we merge, acquire, or that buys us, or in the event of change in structure of our company of any form;
to comply with our legal obligations;
to affiliates and third parties for their own commercial purposes;
We do not share, sell, or otherwise disclose your Personal Data for purposes other than those outlined in this Privacy Policy. However, we may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
to affiliates, contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business. The services provided by these organizations include providing IT and infrastructure support services, and ordering, advertising, marketing, and payment processing services;
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Prehab about our Website and App users are among the assets transferred;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
with your consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Data:
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
to enforce or apply our Terms of Use
https://theprehabguys.com/terms-conditions/
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Prehab, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
6. CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We offer you choices on how you can opt out of our use of tracking technology, disclosure of your Personal Data for our advertising to you, and other targeted advertising.
We do not control the collection and use of your information collected by third parties described above in
Disclosure of Your Information
. These third parties may aggregate the information they collect with information from their other customers for their own purposes.
In addition, we strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Data you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with control over your Personal Data:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising
. You can set your browser or operating to refuse all or some cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Website or App may then be inaccessible or not function properly
Promotional Offers from Prehab
. If you do not wish to have your email address and(or) telephone number used by Prehab to promote our own products and services, you can opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email or replying STOP to a text marketing message. You can opt-out any other marketing communications you receive from us by contacting us directly; allow 72 hours during hours of our operating business hours for requests to be administered.  This opt out (unsubscribe) does not apply to information provided to Prehab as a result of a product purchase, or your use of our Services.
Targeted Advertising
. To learn more about interest-based advertisements and your opt-out rights and options, visit the
Digital Advertising Alliance
and the
Network Advertising Initiative
websites (
aboutads.info
and
http://www.networkadvertising.org
). Please note that if you choose to opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they will not be based on your online activity. We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can also opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the NAI on its website.
7. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION AND ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
You may review and change your personal information by contacting us.
You can review and change your Personal Data by logging using our Website or App. You may also notify us through the
Contact Information
below of any changes or errors in any Personal Data we have about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible or to delete your account. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your account with us. We may also not be able to accommodate your request if we believe it would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
8. DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS
We may use automated data collection technologies to track you across websites. We currently do not honor do-not-track signals that may be sent by some browsers.
Some web browsers permit you to broadcast a signal to websites and online services indicating a preference that they “do not track” your online activities. At this time, we do not honor such signals and we do not modify what information we collect or how we use that information based upon whether such a signal is broadcast or received by us.
9. DATA SECURITY
Information transmitted over the Internet is not completely secure, but we do our best to protect your Personal Data. You can help protect your Personal Data and other information by keeping your password to our Website confidential.
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where you have chosen a password for the use of our Website or App, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to our Website or on or through our App. Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website, in your operating system, or in the App.
10. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under some circumstances, California law may provide you with the right to obtain a list of third parties (if any) that we provide your Personal Data to for their own direct marketing purposes.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (California’s “
Shine the Light
” law) permits users of our Website that are California residents and who provide Personal Information in obtaining products and services for personal, family, or household use to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. If applicable, this information would include the categories of Personal Information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared your Personal Information with for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2020 will receive information regarding such activities in 2019). You may request this information once per calendar year. To make such a request, please contact us by email at
support@theprehabguys.com
11. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We will post any changes to our Privacy Policy on our Website. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we may notify you of such changes through your contact information and invite you to review (and accept, if necessary) the changes.
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page with a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated on the Website’s home page or the App’s home screen. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Data, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Website’s home page or the App’s home screen. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically accessing the App or visiting our Website and reviewing this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
12. CONTACT INFORMATION
You may contact us through the contact information below.
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy or otherwise need to contact us, you may contact us at the contact information below or through the “Contact Us” page on our Website or in the App.
How to Contact Us
:
The Prehab Guys, LLC
8581 Higuera Street
Culver City, California 90232
Telephone: (310)-876-1600
Email:
support@theprehabguys.com
Close product quick view
×
Title