Privacy policy
1. Your Agreement and Consent to the processing of your Personal Data and/or Sensitive Personal Data by LloydsPharmacy and the PHX Ireland Group (encompassing inter alia; Lloyds Pharmacy Ireland Limited, United Drug Distributors Limited, and United Drug Wholesale Limited (“Group”) :
By clicking the “I Accept” box at a point of registration and each time you make a payment, submitting your personal data to us, and using the Website you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
2. About Us:
www.lloydspharmacy.ie
(the “
Website
”) is a Website operated by LloydsPharmacy Ireland Limited.
3. Our Privacy Policy- what is its purpose?
Subject to receiving your consent, The Privacy Policy explains;
what information we collect about you,
how we, and our Group may use that information, and
the steps we take to ensure that your information is kept secure.
4. Data Controller:
The Data Controller pursuant to applicable with regards to the processing of Personal data via this Website is,
LloydsPharmacy Ireland Ltd (“
Lloydspharmacy
”)
a PHX Ireland Limited company
United Drug House, Magna Drive,
Magna Business Park, Citywest Road,
D24XKE5, Dublin, Ireland.
DataPro@lloydspharmacy.ie
5. Personal Data:
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“
data subject
”). An identifiable natural person is a data subject who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier. Identifiers can include, for example, a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, an IP address or one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person (hereafter referred to jointly as “
data
”).
LloydsPharmacy collects, uses, discloses and processes personal data as outlined in this Privacy Policy (including for the purposes of creating and managing your account, fulfilling orders requested via this Website, and to improve the Website and services therein (the “
Services
”)
6. The personal data we collect
We may collect and process the following information about you:
6.1 Information you provide to us
In order to provide the Services you require, you may provide us with:
written or verbal information by creating an account with us;
answering questions;
filling in forms on our Website or a linked website (a pop-up) that may require you to answer questions prepared by a Pharmacist;
using applications; and
by corresponding with us by e-mail, telephone or otherwise.
information you provide when you purchase products and/or services from us;
reply to an email;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; and
when you report a problem with our Website.
The personal information you may provide may include:
our name;
gender;
date of birth;
billing and delivery address
orders, receipts
e-mail address;
telephone number; and
financial and billing information (including your payment card information if you pay for any order by credit or debit card).
6.2 Information we collect about you
We may collect your social media username, if you interact with us through those channels, to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback.
We will also collect details of your interactions with us through our contact centres, in-store, online and when you use any of our mobile applications.
Should you visit us in store, your image may be recorded on CCTV. Clear and visible signs will be on the premises to advise you where CCTV monitoring is taking place. We may review CCTV footage for a number of reasons, for example, if there is reasonable suspicion of a criminal offence having been committed or if we are required to do so by law.
All personal information, including where carts are abandoned and where personal information is obtained about you and/or any other person whose details you provide will be recorded, used, and protected by us in accordance with current data protection legislation, our Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy.
To deliver the best possible web experience, we collect technical information about your computer or device, internet connection and browser as well as the country, where your computer or device is located, your IP address, the pages viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, any search terms you may enter on our Website and other information about your visit and how you used our Website.
Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies on our
Cookie Policy
. This information may be combined with other information you provide to us, as described above.
7. How we will use your information, and the lawful grounds for processing your personal data:
Our Use of Personal Data
to create and maintain your customer account once you become a registered customer;
to process and fulfil any orders that you place with us (through our Website, our mobile applications, or via a pop-up questionnaire that is housed in a website under our direction and control, or in-store (if applicable in any case)).
If we don’t collect your personal data during checkout, we won’t be able to process your order;
we may request that our subcontracted service partners assist us as processors of your personal data, in order to fulfil your order. Any processor that we contract to assist us in the processing of personal data will be subject to a Data Processing Agreement and shall be designed to protect your personal data at all times. The Services may encompass the processing of personal data and ordering history that may when viewed together, be understood as constituting sensitive personal data and such information may be processed by our contracted processors to provide the Services.
to respond to your queries, refund requests and complaints. Handling the information, you submit to us enables us to respond effectively. We may also keep a record of these queries to inform any future communications between us and to demonstrate how we communicated with you throughout. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you, our legal obligations and our legitimate interests in providing you with the best service;
we may (where you consent) use your personal data, preferences and details of your transactions to keep you informed by email, web, text, telephone and through our contact centres about relevant products and services including tailored special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions and so on.
For this purpose, you will be asked to “
opt-in
” and we will not process your personal data unless you explicitly authorize us to do so.
Of course, you are free to opt out of hearing from us by any of these channels at any time;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our services when you choose to do so
to resolve any disputes, if you lawfully exercise your rights or if you wish to dispute any part of our service offering
to process your booking and/or appointment requests (for example, when using our Services booking form)
to communicate with you in the event that any services requested are unavailable or if there is a query or problem with your order
to capture your product reviews, for example when you buy goods and services from us we may follow it up with an enquiry about your experience of the product to help us gauge customer satisfaction. You are not obligated to leave reviews and ratings but this facility would enable you to get your views of the product across should you wish to do so
to notify you about changes to our services and to send you service emails relating to the activities you have asked us to undertake on your behalf.
as part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure
to comply with applicable law, for example, in response to a request from a court or regulatory body, where such request is made in accordance with the law.
Lawful Grounds for Processing:
To process your data lawfully we need to rely on one or more valid legal grounds. The grounds we may rely upon for the processing of your Personal Data include:
your consent to particular processing activities. For example, where you have consented to us using your information for marketing purposes;
your consent to LloydsPharmacy or the Group processing your personal data or where applicable; your sensitive personal data, to fulfil any orders that you place with us via the Website.
your request for content, products or services necessitating steps including processing of your personal data to be taken prior to entering into a contract with you and any processing that is necessary for the performance of such contract;
legitimate interests we pursue as a business, except where such interests are overridden by your interests and fundamental rights; and
compliance with any legal obligation to which we are subject, for example, the processing for the purposes of complying with applicable law.
Google Analytics:
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). The Google features enable Google Analytics to collect data about users to make advertising more engaging to users. Google Analytics uses “cookies”: (text files that are stored on your computer and permit analysis of your use of the website). Cookies like ‘NID’ and ‘SID’ can be used to help customize ads on Google properties, like Google Search, YouTube, and Google partner websites.
More information can be found here
Google advertising cookies
. We will not identify users or facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature unless we have the user's prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that identification or merger.
The information about
your use of this website
generated by the cookie is usually transferred to and stored on a Google server in the USA.
However, if IP masking is enabled on this website, Google will first truncate your IP address in member states of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to and truncated on a Google server in the USA. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to analyse your use of the website, compile reports on website activities and provide the website operator with other services relating to website use and Internet use.
The IP address transferred by your browser for the purposes of Google Analytics will not be associated with other data held by Google.
This website uses Google Analytics Advertising Features that enable Google Analytics to collect data about users to make advertising more engaging to users. Cookies like ‘NID’ and ‘SID’ can be used to help customize ads on Google properties, like Google Search, YouTube, and Google partner websites.
More information can be found here
Google advertising cookies
. We will not identify users or facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature unless we have the user's prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that identification or merger.
This website uses Google Analytics with the extension
“_anonymise IP()
”. This truncates IP addresses before further processing, making it impossible to link them to a specific individual.
You may prevent the storage of cookies by altering the settings in your browser software; however, please be aware that, if you do this, you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of this website.
You may prevent Google from collecting and processing the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
As an alternative to the browser plugin, you can click on this link to prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics on this website in the future.
Doing this will place an opt-out cookie on your device. If you delete your cookies, you will have to click on the link again.
Further information on terms of use and data protection by/at Google Analytics can be found at
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html
or at
https://policies.google.com/?hl=en-GB
.
Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, and Instagram social Plugin
Our website contains social plugins for Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Instagram. The bookmarks are indicated by the respective logo. To enhance the protection of your data when visiting our website, the respective social plugin is not fully incorporated in the site; instead, an HTML link is used (the “
Shariff solution
”).
This ensures that, when you access our website, no link is created to the servers of Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter or Instagram (the “
Social Plugins
”) and your data are not transmitted to them. If you click on any of the Social Plugins, Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter buttons, a new window will open in your browser and open the website of Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter, on which (after entering your login details, if necessary) you can click the like or share button, for example. In functional terms, with the Shariff solution, the respective social plugin is equivalent to a hyperlink, meaning that neither we nor Facebook collect data about you on our website.
If you are already logged in to any of the Social Plugins, the respective social media platform will be notified that you have accessed the corresponding page on our website and the respective platform may trace your visit to your account. Information about the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter, as well as your rights in this regard and the settings you can choose to protect your privacy, can be found in the privacy policies of Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, and Instagram at:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update?ref=old_policy
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
If you do not want Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter to gather data about you via our website, before visiting our website you must log out of these sites and delete any cookies they have placed on your PC.
We want our Facebook page to provide interesting and helpful information related not just to our business, but also to help support a community of people with a wide range of healthy living options.
Because health and various conditions are often complicated, and almost always personal we cannot engage in public discussions of individuals' conditions and queries within this page. When this does happen, you may notice we'll ask to take the conversation to the phone or email, to connect with representatives better able to help in a private and sensitive way.
Please refrain from posting any personally identifiable information, such as your full name, address, national insurance number, phone number or email address.
In an effort to protect your privacy, we will delete any posts that include this information on our public wall. As a general rule, we will leave up comments that are critical of LloydsPharmacy, except when those comments become disruptive to the community.
We reserve the right to remove any comments, including those that are obscene or offensive, derogatory or disparaging and that are based on an individual's sex, race, colour, religion, age, national origin, marital status, ancestry, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or citizenship status or are threatening or defamatory.
You can also refer to Facebook's Terms of Service for Facebook's advice on posting rules and guidelines:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms
Links to External Websites:
Some sections of our website contain links to the websites of third-party providers. These websites are subject to their own privacy policies. We are not responsible for their operation, including the handling of data by third-party providers.
If you send information to or via such third-party websites, you should check their privacy statements before sending them information that can be traced back to you as an individual.
8. Disclosure of your Personal Data:
There are circumstances where we wish to disclose or are compelled by law to disclose your personal data to third parties. This will only take place in accordance with the applicable law and for the purposes listed above. These scenarios include disclosure to:
our Group companies who may contact you by email, phone or post about other products and services (including those from other organisations) in which you may be interested (where you have consented to such communication)
manufacturers, including those identified on our Website, who have a relationship or contract with you for the purposes of providing rebates on the Goods you buy from our managed stocks
our outsourced service providers or suppliers to facilitate the provision of our products and/or services to you, for example
manufacturers of the Goods in the efforts to understand customer preferences, ensure satisfactory stock levels, to improve products and services and to calculate any volume discounts or rebates which may be applicable to your account
our data centre provider for the safe keeping of your personal data, webhosting provider through which your personal data may be collected
and identity verification partners in order to verify your identity against public databases
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Website. Your personal data is generally shared in a form that does not directly identify you
third party service providers and consultants in order to protect the security or integrity of our business, including our databases and systems and for business continuity reasons;
another legal entity, on a temporary or permanent basis, for the purposes of a joint venture, collaboration, financing, sale, merger, reorganisation, change of legal form, dissolution or similar event. In the case of a merger or sale, your personal data will be permanently transferred to a successor company;
public authorities where we are required by law to do so;
if required, in order to receive legal advice; and
any other third party where you have provided your consent.
9. Updating and/or correcting your Personal Data:
We encourage you to promptly update your personal information if it changes. If you are providing updates or corrections about another person, we may require you to provide us with proof that you are authorised to provide that information to us.
You may be able to update or correct your personal information online in the “
My Account
” area or by contacting us in writing or by email (see the section "
How to contact us
" below). Please include your name, address and/or email address when you contact us as this helps us to ensure that we accept amendments only from the correct person.
10. International Transfer of Personal Data:
We may transfer your personal data to a third party in countries outside the country in which it was originally collected for further processing in accordance with the purposes set out above. In particular, your personal data may be transferred throughout our Group and to our outsourced service providers located outside the EEA states. In these circumstances we will, as required by GDPR provisions, ensure that the receiving country provides adequate protection for individuals’ rights and freedoms for their personal data.
11. Retention of Personal Data:
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation, or where we have a continued legitimate and lawful purpose to do so. However, we will not retain beyond this period any of your personal data that is no longer required for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. The retention of your personal data will be subject to periodic review.
We may keep an anonymised form of your personal data, which will no longer refer to you, for statistical purposes without time limits, to the extent that we have a legitimate and lawful interest in doing so.
12. Your Rights:
Data protection law provides data subjects with numerous rights, including the right to:
access
rectify
erase
restrict
transport
object to the processing of their personal data.
Data subjects also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority if they believe that their personal data is not being processed in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Right to rectification.
You may request that we rectify any inaccurate and/or complete any incomplete personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
You may, as permitted by applicable law, withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time. Such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your previous consent. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to benefit certain service features for which the processing of your personal data is essential.
Right to object to processing,
including automated processing and profiling. You may, as permitted by applicable law, request that we stop processing your personal data. In relation to automated processing and profiling, you may object to the processing and you will have the right to obtain human intervention.
Right to erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data and we will comply, unless there is a lawful reason for not doing so. For example, there may be an overriding legitimate ground for keeping your personal data, such as, a legal obligation that we have to comply with, or if retention is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations.
Right to data portability.
In certain circumstances, you may request that we provide your personal data to you in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and have it transferred to another provider of the same or similar services. We will comply with such transfer as far as it is technically feasible. Please note that a transfer to another provider does not imply erasure of your personal data which may still be required for legitimate and lawful purposes.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
We suggest that you contact us about any questions or if you have a complaint in relation to how we process your personal data. However, you do have the right to contact the relevant supervisory authority directly. To contact the Data Protection Commissioner:
Office of the Data Protection Commissioner
.
Canal House, Station Road,
Portarlington,
Co. Laois, R32 AP23,
Ireland
Phone +353 (0761) 104 800
Fax +353 57 868 4757
Email: info@dataprotection.ie
Right to make subject access request (SAR).
Data subjects may, where permitted by applicable law, request copies of their personal data. If you would like to make a SAR, i.e. a request for copies of the personal data we hold about you, you may do so by writing to;
Fiona Joyce,
Data Protection Officer
,
LloydsPharmacy Ireland Limited,
United Drug House,
Magna Drive,
Magna Business Park,
Citywest, Dublin 24
The request should make clear that a SAR is being made. You may also be required to submit a proof of your identity.
13. Cookies:
In common with many other website operators, we may use standard technology called 'cookies' on this site. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive and they are used to record how you navigate this website on each visit. You can see our Cookie Statement
here
Our cookies are used to enable us to develop our Website to reflect our customers’ interests and by noting who has seen which pages, properties and advertisements (including click through from emails), how frequently particular pages are visited and determining the most popular areas of our website. We may use cookies to enrich your experience of using the website by allowing us to tailor what you see to what we have learned about your preferences during your visits to the site.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent cookies being stored. Please note, if you do turn cookies off this will limit the service that we are able to provide to you and may affect your visitor experience.
For further information on cookies and how to switch them off see
allaboutcookies.org