privacy policy
Instant Remove Background app
&
Dabloon Tracker & Counter app
Fiodar Puchkouski built the Instant Remove Background app & Dabloon Tracker & Counter app. This SERVICE is provided by Fiodar Puchkouski at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection
When you use our Services, we can collect ONLY the following information about you:
User ID. Such as screen name, handle, assigned user ID, probabilistic identifier, or other user- or account-level ID that can be used to identify a particular user or account.
Device ID. Such as device-level ID
Product interaction. Such as screen name, handle, assigned user ID, probabilistic identifier, or other user- or account-level ID that can be used to identify a particular user or account.
Performance data. Sach as launch time, hang rate, or energy use.
Crash Data. Such as crash logs.
Log Data: Such as standard log files when you use our Services, which include app version, access times and dates, pages viewed.
Application Dabloon Tracker & Counter app does NOT have and does NOT request access to your money, bank cards, accounts, etc. The application is not a means of payment. You enter all the information about your budget, spends in app manually. All information is stored on your device.
The application only allows you to analyze your income, expenses, analyze spendings, create diagrams for periods.
Use of information
We use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services, including debugging to identify and repair errors, and developing new products and services;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Subscription
My app Dabloon Tracker & Counter have an optional
Dabloons Tracker & Counter Pro
subscription.
1 month subscription price is $3.99.
This price is for United States customers. Pricing in other countries may vary and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country of residence.
The purchase will be charged to your iTunes account. Once you're a subscriber, you can manage your subscription from iTunes or on your iOS unit after purchasing it, and you'll also be able to cancel the auto-renewing subscription from there. Deleting the app does not cancel the subscription. You can, however, cancel a subscription even after you've deleted the app. The subscription will auto-renew 24 hours before the subscription period ends, with the same kind of subscription you already bought, to the same price.
You may at any time terminate your membership, in which case your membership will still be valid for the subscription time you have already paid for. Our auto renewable In-app purchase subscriptions can only be cancelled using the App Store cancelation service. If you would like to contact Apple, please use this link
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039
. Subscription fees can be found in the mobile applications. We reserve the right to change the subscription fees from time to time.
Security
I value your trust in providing us Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 4. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 4. In the case I discover that a child under 4 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
This document was last updated on Dec 5, 2022
This site was made on
Tilda — a website builder
that helps to create a website without any code
Create a website
How to remove this block?
About platform
Submit a complaint