Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
i-Park Chania
Privacy Policy
OTS SA is the Data Controller and is committed to protecting the rights of natural persons in full compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The company's contact details are:
OTS A.E.
125 Monastiriou, 54627 Thessaloniki, Greece. Tel: +302310590100
Email: info@ots.gr
OTS SA built the i-Park Chania app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible via i-Park Chania unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be sent and retained by us to https://app.parkalot.eu and used as described in this privacy policy.
The application collects and uses the following information:
car/moto licence plate in order to perform cross check of correct parking fee from the Municipal Police
email for sending the payment invoice and parking fee receipt
mobile number for notifications regarding parking fee and parking time
The app uses third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of the third party service provider used by the app
Google Play Services
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data, to use it to investigate errors in the app. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Location Data
This Service uses location data from the mobile device (even when running in the background), in order to help users access quickly the nearest available parking spots
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the legal age for driving. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary actions.
What are your rights?
You have the right to information and transparency, access to your personal data, correction, deletion, restriction of processing, transfer and opposition to the processing of your personal data.
Any requests or objections should be made in writing to our Data Protection Officer (dpo@ots.gr)
How to exercise your rights
If you want to exercise your rights or you are dissatisfied with the way of processing you can, as a first step, contact the DPO at the contact details above.
If you remain dissatisfied, you have the right to appeal to the Hellenic Data Protection Authority on the following link:
https://www.dpa.gr/en/individuals/complaint-to-the-hellenic-dpa
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By clicking "accept", you agree to its use of cookies.
Cookie Policy
Reject
Accept