The Free VPN
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will help you understand how we uses and protects the data you provide to us when you visit and use our App.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any given time, of which you will be promptly updated. If you want to make sure that you are up to date with the latest changes, we advise you to frequently visit this page.
The Free VPN is free to use and will always stay free. There is no limitation on the bandwidth of the VPN even being free. However, if someone misuses or server or tend to consume and reduce are server speed we might have to terminate the user or have to put limitation on the bandwidth for the specific user. Otherwise you get unlimited bandwidth. The Free VPN also provide Ad-Free experience when you subscribe to our any subscription you get connection without any ads.
What User Data We Collect
When you request support, we may collect the following data:
Contact information i.e email address.
Your device information i.e device type and model.
Your Operating System version.
Our installed app information i.e App version.
Why We Collect Your Data
We collect your data for several reasons:
To track your issue and better understand your query.
To improve our services and products by resolving your specific device issues
To communicate latest changes with our app.
To customize our app according to your preferences.
Safeguarding and Securing the Data
As a service provider we are committed to secure your personal information and keep your data confidential. 06We are keen to provide our users complete protection,security,anonmity so we have done all in its power to prevent data theft, unauthorized access, and disclosure by implementing the latest technologies and software, which help us safeguard all the information we collect online.
Links to Websites
Our app may contain links that lead to other websites. If you click on these links we are not held responsible for your data and privacy protection. Visiting those websites is not governed by this privacy policy agreement. Make sure to read the privacy policy documentation of the website you go to from our app.
We will not lease, sell or distribute your personal information to any third parties, unless we have your permission. We might do so if the law forces us.