Skip to content
App Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 06, 2024
Scope of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the “myFirst Circle App,” a mobile application designed to connect and manage our devices, including myFirst Fone, myFirst Camera, and myFirst Frame. Additionally, this policy covers the respective operating systems that these devices run on: FoneOS for myFirst Fone, CamOS for myFirst Camera, and FrameOS for myFirst Frame. This comprehensive coverage ensures that no matter how you interact with our products—whether through our mobile applications or any of these specific devices—your personal data is protected and handled with the utmost care and respect across all platforms and operating systems.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined
under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same
meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
* Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or
parts of our Service.
* Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under
common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or
more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote
for election of directors or other managing authority.
* Application refers to myFirst Circle, the software program provided by the
Company.
* Company (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this
Agreement) refers to myFirst tech , 31 Woodlands Close #01-22 Woodlands
Horizon Singapore 737855.
* Country refers to: Singapore
* Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a
cellphone or a digital tablet.
* Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or
identifiable individual.
* Service refers to the Application.
* Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data
on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or
individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide
the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the
Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
* Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social
network website through which a User can log in or create an account to
use the Service.
* Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the
use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example,
the duration of a page visit).
* You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company,
or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or
using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally
identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
* Email address
* Phone number
* Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device’s Internet Protocol
address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our
Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on
those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect
certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of
mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your
mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet
browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our
Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Information from Third-Party Social Media Services
The Company allows You to create an account and log in to use the Service through the following Third-party Social Media Services:
* Google
* Facebook
* Apple
If You decide to register through or otherwise grant us access to a Third-
Party Social Media Service, We may collect Personal data that is already
associated with Your Third-Party Social Media Service’s account, such as Your
name, Your email address, Your activities or Your contact list associated with
that account.
You may also have the option of sharing additional information with the
Company through Your Third-Party Social Media Service’s account. If You choose
to provide such information and Personal Data, during registration or
otherwise, You are giving the Company permission to use, share, and store it
in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected while Using the Application
User Privacy and Data Security:
We take user privacy and data security seriously. Our app ensures that the access granted to the contact list is strictly limited to the application’s functionality. No contact information is collected, stored, or transmitted to external servers. Our commitment to safeguarding user data is reflected in our robust security measures and adherence to data protection standards.
Data Usage Transparency:
Our users have the right to know how their data is utilized. In the case of accessing the contact list, it is important to emphasize that the sole purpose is to provide a seamless and personalized experience within MyFirst Circle. We do not engage in any form of data mining or unauthorized use of personal information.
User Consent:
Prior to accessing the contact list, MyFirst Circle seeks explicit consent from the user. This ensures that users are informed about the purpose of accessing their contact list and have the choice to grant or deny access. We believe in empowering users to make informed decisions about their data.
Contact List within MyFirst Circle:
The app facilitates user engagement by allowing them to create and manage their contact list within the MyFirst Circle ecosystem. Users have control over who they add to their circle, and any interactions are confined to the application’s environment.
Continuous Monitoring and Compliance:
We continuously monitor our systems to ensure compliance with privacy standards and regulations. This commitment extends to regular updates of our privacy policy, informing users about any changes and providing them with the opportunity to review and accept updated terms.
Feedback and User Control:
MyFirst Circle values user feedback. We encourage users to provide insights and suggestions about their experience with the app, including privacy concerns. Additionally, users have control over their data and can easily manage app permissions through the device settings.
Opt-Out Option:
We respect the autonomy of our users and understand that some may prefer not to share their contact list information. MyFirst Circle provides an explicit opt-out option, allowing users to enjoy our services without granting access to their contact list. Users who choose not to share their contact list information will still be able to utilize the core functionalities of the app, although some features that rely on contact interactions may be limited.
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application,
We may collect, with Your prior permission:
* Information regarding your location
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and
customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company’s
servers or it may be simply stored on Your
device.
You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your
Device settings.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
* To provide and maintain our Service , including to monitor the usage of
our Service.
* To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the
Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different
functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered
user.
* For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and
undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services
You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
* To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other
equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile
application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative
communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted
services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for
their implementation.
* To provide You with news, special offers and general information about
other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those
that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted
not to receive such information.
* To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
* For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct
a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or
other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going
concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in
which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets
transferred.
* For other purposes : We may use Your information for other purposes, such
as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness
of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service,
products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
* With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with
Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to
contact You.
* For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information
in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company
assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to
another company.
* With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in
which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint
venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under
common control with Us.
* With business partners: We may share Your information with Our business
partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
* With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise
interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be
viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You
interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media
Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see
Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly,
other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity,
communicate with You and view Your profile.
* With Your consent : We may disclose Your personal information for any
other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary
for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your
Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations
(for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable
laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage
Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data
is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our
Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time
periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s
operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the
processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to —
and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country
or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ
than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such
information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data
is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer
of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless
there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and
other personal information.
Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the
Personal Data that We have collected about You.
Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You
from within the Service.
You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to
Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that
allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to
request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have
provided to Us.
Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we
have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your
Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal
Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your
Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by
public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such
action is necessary to:
* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
* Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is
100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect
Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior
to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top
of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
* By visiting this page on our website:
https://myfirst.tech/contact
Table of Contents
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://myfirst.tech/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Section 1 – What Do We Do With Your Information?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we will collect your personal information that you have shared with us, such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse into our store, we will automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address as it provides us with information that will helps us to learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
Section 2 – Consent
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with your personal information to complete a transaction, verifying your credit card, placing an order and arranging for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that your consent to our data collection and uses it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, for marketing purposes, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or we will provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent from us contacting you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at hello@myfirst.tech or mailing us at:
OAXIS ASIA Pte Ltd 31 Woodlands Close,
#01-22 Woodlands Horizon Singapore 737855
Section 3 – Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
Section 4 – Online Store
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).
Section 5 – Third-Party Services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Section 6 – Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Section 7 – Cookies
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
Section 8 – Age of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Section 9 – Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Questions and Contact Information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at hello@myfirst.tech .
Table of Contents