Liftalk Privacy Policy
Updated: Feb 18, 2025
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy is entered into by and between you and LiftTalk Inc. (“Company,” “we,” or “us”), an American company that operates the Liftalk platform, and its affiliates, including but not limited to TrueWave Global Inc. (formerly Liftalk Network Technology Ltd.), a Canadian company that develops, maintains, and operates the software and platform on its behalf.
The following Privacy Policy, together with any documents expressly incorporated by reference, explains our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information collected from users of our Liftalk website (“Site”) and mobile application (“App”). Unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, terms used herein have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.
Liftalk takes your privacy very seriously, and we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our practices and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
2. Scope
This Privacy Policy, as revised from time to time, only applies to information you give us via the Site and Application. Please keep in mind that the Site and Application may include connections to other websites. This Privacy Policy will not apply to any information gathered on another website if you click on a link to it. Liftalk is not responsible for the privacy practices, security, or content of these other websites, and we urge that you read each website's privacy policies.
The terms "using" and "processing" information in this policy refer to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing, and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally, as well as using or handling information in any way.
3. Personal Information Liftalk Collects About You
Our main goals in collecting data are to provide and improve our Site, Application, services, features, and content, to administer your use of the Site and Application (collectively, the "Service"), and to allow users to enjoy and simply navigate the Site and Application. We collect the following categories of information:
3.1. Information you provided to us
Personal Information: You may explore the Site and Application without revealing any personally identifiable information. However, we may require you to give information when you register for and use the Services, access certain material or features, or directly contact the Site or Application.
your name, phone number, mobile phone number, email address and postal address;
your username, password, and account setting preferences;
your credit card number, billing address and other billing related information;
Profile photo, In-app messages, favorite coaches list, reviews;
Text transcripts, voice recordings, video recordings.
(often referred to as "Personal Information") Data is collected automatically. Certain information is automatically gathered when you visit and interact with the Site or Application, including:
3.1.1. Non-Identifying Information
We collect other non-identifying information you provide as part of the registration, administration and personalization of your Liftalk Account profile (e.g. account preferences) ("Non-Identifying Information"). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Liftalk Users (defined below) to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Site, Application and Service and to analyze and understand how our Site, Application and Service are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
3.1.2. Log Data
Our servers automatically record information that your browser provides whenever you visit a website when you use the Site and Application, whether as a Member or a non-registered user (any of these, a "Liftalk User") ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information like your computer's IP address, browser type, or the webpage you were visiting before coming to our Site and Application, pages of our Site and Application that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site and Application, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to track and analyze how the Site, Application, and Service are used, as well as for technical administration of the Site and Application, to improve the functionality and user-friendliness of our Site and Application, and to better tailor our Site and Application to our visitors' needs. Although we may aggregate, analyze, and review Log Data for the same purposes as other Non-Identifying Information, we do not treat it as Personal Information or utilize it in conjunction with other Personal Information.
3.1.3. Cookies
We, like many other websites, collect information via "cookies." A cookie is a little data file that we save on your computer's hard drive to keep track of your preferences. Cookies serve two purposes for us. First, persistent cookies are used to remember your login details for future visits to the Site and Application. Second, we use session cookies to enable certain features of the Site and Application, to better understand how you interact with the Site and Application, and to track aggregate usage and web traffic routing by Liftalk Users on the Site and Application. Session cookies, unlike persistent cookies, are erased from your computer when you close your browser after logging off from the Site or Application. You can instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from a website you visit by modifying its options. You may not be able to use all parts of the Site or Application, or all functionality of the Service, if you refuse to accept cookies.
3.1.4. Web Beacons:
Our Site and Application may contain electronic images known as Web beacons (also known as single-pixel gifs), which are used in conjunction with cookies to compile aggregated statistics about how our Site and Application are used. They may also be used in some of our emails to tell us which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This enables us to assess the success of our Member communications and marketing activities.
3.2. Information collected from other sources
Third-party sources and platforms may provide us with information about you. You can register to use the Service by registering into online accounts with third-party service providers ("TPSP") (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, or LinkedIn); each such account, a "Third Party Account," is explained below. You may link your Liftalk Account with Third Party Accounts as part of the functionality of the Site, Service, and Application by either: I providing your Third Party Account login information to Liftalky through the Site, Service, or Application; or (ii) allowing Liftalk to access your Third Party Account, as permitted by the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of each Third Party Account. You represent that you have the authority to provide Liftalk with your Third Party Account login information and/or grant Liftalk access to your Third Party Account for the purposes described herein without violating any of the terms and conditions that govern your use of the applicable Third Party Account, without obligating Liftalk to pay any fees, and without putting Liftalk in violation of any usage limitations imposed by the applicable TPSP.
We will obtain the Personal Information you have provided to the applicable TPSP (such as your true name, email address, profile picture, names of TPSP friends, names of TPSP groups to which you belong, other information you make publicly available via the applicable TPSP and/or other information you authorize Liftalk to access by authorizing the TPSP to provide such information) if you register by logging into a Third Party Account via our Site or Application.
You understand that by granting us access to your Third Party Accounts, we will access, make available, and store (if applicable and as permitted by the TPSP and authorized by you) the information in your Third Party Accounts so that it is available on and through your Liftalk Account on the Site, Service, and Application. If your Third Party Account contains information about your "friends" or individuals with whom you are associated, the information we collect about those "friends" or people with whom you are involved may be influenced by their privacy settings with the appropriate TPSP.
4. How Liftalk Uses Personal Information
Except with your approval or as required by law, we do not use Personal Information for purposes other than those disclosed to you in this Privacy Policy and/or at the time it was acquired. We gather data for one or more of the following reasons:
4.1. Email Communications
We may send you email communications or information about your account or updates to the Site, Application, or Service using the information we collect (including changes to the
Terms of Service
and this Privacy Policy).
4.2. Mobile Communications
We may use your mobile phone number to send you information, notifications, and updates about the Site, Application, or Service if you give us permission.
4.3. Profile Information
We generate your Liftalk Account and Liftalk Account profile page using the information you provide at registration. Your first and last name, profile photo, and preferences will all be displayed on your Liftalk Account profile page. As a "Client" your profile page and pieces of personal information selected, can only be seen by Coaches if you interact with them.
As a Coach we will publicly display your Profile Information in your Liftalk Account profile page on the Site and Application, as well as on third-party sites with your permission. Any information a Coach chooses to include in your Profile Information will be publicly visible to all Liftalk users, so it should reflect how much you want others to know about you. We advise Members to keep their identity and sensitive information private, and to be cautious about the information they share on their Liftalk Account profile page. At any moment, you can review and change your Profile Information.
4.4. Services Profile Page
If you create a coach Profile Page, we may publicly publish, utilize, share, or otherwise reveal the Content of that Page on the Site and Application, as well as allow third parties to post the Listing on their websites.
4.5. Liftalk Marketing
We may use your Personal Information to send you Liftalk newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, and other information that we think you might find interesting. You can opt out of these marketing-related messages at any time by going to your Liftalk Account's "Manage Notifications'' section. Please be aware that we may use your Personal Information to contact you with information about your usage of the Service; you will not be able to opt out of receiving these alerts.
4.6. Request fulfillment
We may use the information we gather to fulfill your product, service, and information requests. We may use your information to reply to your customer support inquiries, for example.
4.7. Data Analysis
We aggregate and analyze the data we collect to understand more about how our Site, Application, and Service are utilized. We may use the information to track and evaluate how the Site, Application, and Service are used, to optimize their functioning, and to better personalize our content and design to meet the needs of our visitors.
4.8. Reviews & Testimonials
Liftalk publishes reviews and testimonials on its website and application. With your permission, we may publish your testimonial anonymously on the Site and Application. Please contact us at
support@liftalk.com
if you wish to get your testimonial deleted.
5. When Liftalk Discloses Personal Information
Except with your approval or as required by law, we do not share or disclose Personal Information for reasons other than those specified to you in this Privacy Policy and/or at the time it was obtained. In the following instances, we may make information about you available to other companies, applications, or people:
5.1. Analysis
For industry analysis, demographic profiling, payment processing, customer service, and other purposes, we may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information, and we may otherwise release Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties. Your Personal Information will not be included in any aggregated data shared in thesecircumstances.
5.2. Service Delivered
Third-party firms and persons may be hired to provide Site-related services such as maintenance, database management, web analytics, data processing, and email and text message delivery. These third parties only have access to your information if they are working on our behalf.
5.3. Corporate Transaction
In the event that the Site is acquired by or merged with another company, or a similar corporate transaction occurs, we may transfer information about you. Before your information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy, we will warn you by posting a conspicuous notice on the Site or sending a message to the primary email address given in your account.
5.4. Investigations
We may share information about you to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to a person's physical safety or other rights and interests, violations of Liftalk's
Terms of Service
, or as otherwise required by law.
5.5. Compliance with Laws
Subpoenas, search warrants, judicial procedures, court orders, legal process, or other law enforcement measures may require us to divulge information about you in order to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims.
6. Third Party Services
We give you the option to access or connect with TPSPs like Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn to customize your experience on the Site and Application and to make our registration process easier. We may share information about you with these third-party service providers when you connect to the Site or Application through these TPSPs, and they may share data about you with us.
When you give us access to your data through a third-party service in order to create a Site account, we may use it for a variety of reasons, including improving and customizing your visit to the Site. We may access certain account information, such as your profile picture, when you connect via a TPSP in order to enhance and personalize your experience on the Site.
Please keep in mind that we have no control over these third-party services' privacy policies. All TPSP websites have privacy rules that you should read.
7. Children's Privacy
We do not intentionally collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, or the equivalent minimal age in the relevant jurisdiction. We encourage parents to participate in their children's online activities to ensure that no information is captured without verifiable parental consent. If we learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information, we will promptly remove that information from our servers.
PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS Liftalk Services AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 13. It is extremely crucial to protect the privacy of young children. As a result, Liftalk does not intentionally collect or keep personal information from children under the age of 13 (as defined by the United States Children's Online Privacy Protection Act). If Liftalk learns that personal information on children under the age of 13 has been obtained on or through Liftalk Services, Liftalk will promptly remove that information from our servers.
You must be at least 18 years old to utilise Liftalk without supervision. Please do not use our Service unsupervised if you are under the age of 18.
8. Updating and Deleting your Personal Information
All Members can check, update, rectify, or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by updating their profile, or by emailing us at
support@liftalk.com
. If you'd prefer us to deactivate your Liftalk Account, please contact us or use the Service's "Cancel Account" function, and we'll do our best to comply if we don't have any legal obligations or a legitimate business purpose to keep the information in your Liftalk Account. Please keep in mind that if you delete your Liftalk Account, any of your Member Content on the Site and Application will remain publicly visible. Please read the contact details for privacy below.
9. Data Retention and Security
Liftalk uses several security methods and policies to protect users' Personal Information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, and disclosure.
We use secure socket layer technology to encrypt your Personal Information when you enter it on our Site and Application (SSL). SSL establishes a secure connection between our web servers and your browser, protecting transferred data from unauthorized access and allowing data to be sent only to intended recipients.
Our major servers are secured and hosted by a leading provider of Internet access to organizations with mission-critical Internet application requirements, and your Personal Information is password protected. The host environment is safe to access.
Liftalk is very concerned about identity theft and the technique known as "phishing." Protecting your personal information from identity theft is a high priority. We do not and will not ask for your credit card information, your Liftalk Account ID, login password, or national identity numbers In a non-secure or unsolicited email or telephone message.
We protect Personal Information provided to us by following generally established industry standards, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no technique of Internet transmission or method of computer storage can be completely secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee it is 100% secure. Please contact us at
support@liftalk.com
if you have any issues concerning the security of our Site and Application.
Note that we will notify you via email or conspicuous posting on the Site and Application of any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with I the legitimate needs of law enforcement or any measure we deem appropriate.
Liftalk's messaging system should be used exclusively for all communications, information, and exchanges. The major purpose for this is to ensure that all interactions and transactions are kept confidential. Risk and unpredictability have always been prevalent in the internet sector. Liftalk is a new communication style. All users must maintain security and trust for this community to thrive. This can only be accomplished by keeping all the conversations within the Liftalk app. Personal information should be kept anonymous to preserve our users' privacy.
IT IS COMPLETELY FORBIDDEN TO REQUEST OR PROVIDE EMAIL ADDRESSES, PHONE NUMBERS, ZOOM ID, SKYPE/IM USERNAMES, OR ANY OTHER PERSONAL CONTACT INFORMATION (OTHER THAN YOUR NAME).
All the Liftalk features are meant to facilitate communication and keep all users safe.
10. International Transfer
Liftalk and its third-party partners to whom we disclose information under this policy may conduct business outside of the United States and collect, transport, store, and process your personal data there. As a result, the laws of other countries or other jurisdictions may apply to your information. These rules may not be equivalent to your state's privacy and data protection legislation. In these countries, information may be given in response to legitimate demands or requests from government agencies, courts, or law enforcement. You consent to the collection, transmission, storage, and processing of information in other countries if you use the Site, Application, or provide us with your information.
11. Data Breach notification
In the event of a data breach, Liftalk will notify our associated data controllers and customers within 72 hours of a data breach. The nature of the breach, as well as the scope and activities required to rectify the situation, will be outlined.
12. Access to personal information
Upon request, we will make any of your personal information that we have collected, utilized, or disclosed available to you. Please send an email to
support@liftalk.com
.
13. Changes and Updates to This Privacy Policy
You acknowledge the terms of this Privacy Policy, as revised from time to time, by using the Site, Application, and Service. Please check the date of this Policy each time you come to make sure you have the most up-to-date version. Continued use of the Liftalk Services after the changes are posted represents your binding acceptance of the changes. Please do not use this Site, Application, or Service if you do not agree to the terms of this Policy.
This Privacy Policy may be updated to reflect changes in our information practices. Prior to the change being effective, we will notify you by email (delivered to the email address given in your Liftalk Account) or by posting a notice on the Site and Application. We invite you to revisit this page from time to time for the most up-to-date information on our privacy standards.
14. Addressing your concerns
We are responsible for adhering to this Privacy Policy and safeguarding the Personal Information under our control. To put this policy into effect, we've adopted rules and practices that include privacy training and communication with our staff. We monitor our procedures and security measures on a regular basis to ensure that they remain effective and are properly implemented. If you have any questions or would want to contact us at:
Email:
support@liftalk.com
Attention:
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues