PRIVACY NOTICE
Updated 24/12/2024
Team RH Fitness Ltd And Team RH TLC Ltd is fully committed to compliance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 2018 and all other data protection legislation currently in force. The Regulation applies to anyone processing personal data and sets out principles which should be followed and gives rights to those whose data is being processed.
This privacy notice tells you what to expect us to do with your personal information when you make contact with us or use one of our services.
In this Privacy Notice we’ll tell you:
Why we are able to process your information;
What purpose we are processing it for;
Whether you have to provide it to us;
How long we store it for;
Whether there are other recipients of your personal information;
Whether we intend to transfer it to another country; and
Whether we do automated decision-making or profiling.
Team RH Fitness Ltd And Team RH TLC Ltd takes its responsibilities seriously and adheres to the Data Protection Principles as listed below.
When processing data we will ensure that it is:
Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way
Processed only for the purpose that the data was collected for
Limited to what is necessary
Accurate and kept up to date
Kept for no longer than is necessary
Kept safe and secure
Only shared with other Organisations who can demonstrate compliance with the regulations
1. OUR CONTACT DETAILS
Team RH Fitness Ltd And Team RH TLC Ltd is the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated.
There are many ways you can contact us, including via Facebook, post or email, as follows:
Name: Team RH Fitness Ltd And Team RH TLC Ltd
Postal Address: Unit 5 Queen’s Court North, Third Avenue, Team Valley, NE11 0BU
Facebook Contact:
https://www.facebook.com/teamrhfitness/
Our Data Protection Officer is Sarah Burns. You can contact them at sarah.burns@data2action.co.uk (or at our postal address).
2. COLLECTING AND PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
2.1 The type of information we have
We collect and process the following information:
Personal data such as your name and contact details (address, email address, telephone number)
Other personal identifiers such as IP Addresses
Payment details
Your date of birth, gender, weight and height
When you use our services, you also have the option to provide us with other items of personal data including data we may use to help support you with your goals.  This data can include:
Photographs showing your before and after profile (non mandatory)
Health conditions (non mandatory)
Uploading progress photographs and/ or any health conditions are not mandatory requirements of your subscription. Should you wish to remove them at any time, you can do so via your Team RH App accounts, or alternatively you can request us to do this for you.
2.2 How we obtain your data and the purpose for collecting and processing it
Most of the personal information we process is provided to us directly by you for one or more of the following reasons:
Enquiry about our products and services via the Team RH Fitness Ltd And Team RH TLC Ltd website or Facebook pages
To purchase products from our online shop
managing and providing services to you as part of your Team RH Lifeplan subscription,.
Post updates or record updates on your weight and fitness progress to the Team RH App, website or Facebook pages
To seek and receive coaching advice via the Team RH Members Group on Facebook
2.3 Lawful bases for processing
Under the current regulations we are obliged to advise you of our lawful bases or reason for processing your information.  In most cases, this will be in order
to fulfil the obligation of our contract with you
, when you subscribe to our services and as detailed in our Terms and Conditions.
Included in our contractual terms, is the option to upload your ‘before and after’ progress photographs.  This is purely optional and is not a mandatory element of your Lifeplan subscription. If you do choose to upload any photographs they will only be visible to you and our coaches. On occasion, we may ask for your consent for them to be published on our Website of Facebook pages. Where you grant us permission to do so, they will only be published on our Website and/or Facebook pages and you have the option to remove your consent at anytime. If do wish to have these removed please contact Team RH via our Facebook page
https://www.facebook.com/teamrhfitness/
.
In addition, you have the option to provide us with details of any health conditions. Our coaches will use this purely for the purposes of assessing your weight and fitness progress. As with your ‘before and after’ photographs, you can amend or delete your health data at any time via your account on the Team RH App.
Other lawful bases which we rely upon for processing your data are:
Our legal obligations, for example, financial audit obligations, complaint handling, and the common law duty to mitigate our contractual losses;
Your consent, for example, in respect of placing cookies on your devices;
Our legitimate interests, for example:
– To provide our goods and services to you;
– To manage your account and our relationship with you;
– To manage payments, fees, charges, and to collect debts which you may owe to us;
– To increase our business and promote our brand;
– To improve our products and services;
– To conduct web analytics;
– To administer and protect our business, website, mobile app, and social media profiles;
– For the prevention and detection of fraud and spam; and
– For the establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims.
2.4 What we do with the information we have
We only collect and process personal data that is necessary and which is used for the following reasons:
Set up your subscription account on our website
grant you access and use of the Team RH App
Grant you access to the Team RH App, Facebook Membership page and associated coaching and support pages
Purchase goods from our online shop
Receive and respond to any queries you may have
Share your progress photographs with others (only where you have given us your consent to do so).
2.5 How we store your information and for how long
We securely store all your data in the Team RH website, mobile app and associated storage systems.
We store this for the duration of your Lifeplan subscription and for 5 years after your subscription has ended. This is to ensure anyone wishing to re-subscribe within this period are able to do so without loss of any historical progress data. After 5 years, your data is fully deleted from our Website, App and associated data storage systems. Should you wish for any of this data to be deleted prior to 5 years, please contact us and will action this.
Details relating to any payment transactions (i.e. subscription, purchase of products, payments to you for ‘refer a friend’) are retained for 6 years in order to comply with our financial audit obligations.
We may also retain certain data for as long as it is necessary for the purpose of protecting our business, and the establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims. Where this is the case we will comply with applicable legislation such as the Limitations Act 1980 to guide our retention periods.
2.6 Third parties we share your data with
We share your data with third party service providers which we use to operate our business, for example, our marketing and software providers, an encryption service to protect any data files we send you, hosting services providers, payment processing providers and parcel delivery providers.  We also use your data to enable you access to our Facebook group. We have contracts in place with our suppliers to ensure that your personal data is protected.
We may also:
Disclose your personal data to our staff;
Disclose your personal data to our professional advisers (e.g. lawyers, accountants, auditors or insurers) who provide professional services to us;
Disclose and exchange certain information with law enforcement agencies and regulatory bodies to comply with our legal obligations; and
Share some personal data with other parties, such as potential buyers of some or all of our business or during a re-structuring.
The recipients of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations.
We will not share your information with any third parties for the purposes of direct marketing.
2.7 Joint controllers
In order to process any payments such as for your Lifeplan subscription, payment to you under the ‘refer a friend’ scheme or for goods purchased via our online shop, we share your payment details with other third parties who are classed as joint controllers under the regulation. This is because they decide what and how your data is processed. These third parties are:
GoCardless (
https://gocardless.com/privacy
)
Stripe (
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
)
PayPal (
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full#Updated_PS
)
Ashbourne Management Services Ltd (
https://ashbourne-memberships.com/privacy-policy/
)
Shopify Ltd
Shopify Privacy Policy
Smart Debit (https://www.smartdebit.co.uk/privacy/)
Your payment details are entered by you and are then stored in the Team RH website in an encrypted format meaning they are not visible to any member of Team RH staff nor our website developer.
These details are then transferred to the payment companies who process your data to ensure payment is made. Details of their processing arrangements of your payment details are explained in their privacy notices, which can be accessed via the above web links.
Any questions you have in relation to how your data is used to process such payments should be made to the relevant payment company.
2.8 Social Media
We have both an open page on Facebook (for members and non members) as well as closed group for members only.
Our staff have administration access to moderate the pages on our members only group, on our behalf and as such, they have access to all information shared on our Facebook pages and at times will decide how to we manage it. For example, if you send a message via our Facebook pages that needs a response from us, we may process it in our case management system as an enquiry or a complaint.
Team RH Fitness Ltd And Team RH TLC Ltd fully complies with Facebooks ‘pages, groups and events’ policy, ‘Data Privacy’ Policy,‘Community Standards’ and their ‘Terms and Conditions’.
As owners and administrators of the Team RH Fitness Ltd And Team RH TLC Ltd Facebook pages, we collect your data as follows and for the purposes as set out below:
Name, Email address and Team RH customer number to grant you access to our membership only pages.
Any posts you make to these pages will be available to view by anyone else in the group.
Where you specifically ask for any data you post to the page not to be shared, our moderators will make all endeavours to ensure your post remains confidential and only visible to those Team RH employees who are granted with administration access.
Under the general terms and conditions of Facebook, you are able to remove any of your posts at your free will and at any time whilst you’re a member of Team RH’s Lifeplan. You may also remove your access to the page or request Team RH to remove your access, and any of your personal data from this page. Team RH cannot be responsible for any content that you have posted and which is subsequently shared by other members of the page.
To request your data to be deleted please contact Team RH via our Facebook page.
When interacting with Team RH Fitness Ltd And Team RH TLC Ltd through the Facebook social media platform, we suggest you also familiarise yourself with Facebook’s:
Privacy policy
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Community Standards
https://www.facebook.com/communitystandards/
Terms and Conditions
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms
3. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
3.1 Your data protection rights
Under UK data protection law, you have rights including:
Your right of access – You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your right to rectification – You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure – You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing – You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing – You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability – You have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
Please contact us at hello@teamrhfitness.com if you wish to make a request.
3.2 How to complain
Should you not be entirely satisfied with any aspect of how we have used your data, you can also complain to the ICO at the following address:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://gocardless.com/privacy:
Skip to content
Go to GoCardless Blog Homepage
Why GoCardless?
Product
Partners
Pricing
Learn
Login
Sign up
Close
menu
Open site navigation sidebar
Why GoCardless?
For use case
Subscription payments
Recurring payments built for subscriptions
Instalment payments
Split payments into smaller, more manageable amounts over time.
Invoice payments
Collect and reconcile invoice payments automatically
Charities
Optimise supporter conversion and collect donations
Lending
Make faster, lower-risk decisions on loans
Business Finance
Offer the best business finance product
Our customers
Customer stories
Hear from our customers
Customer success
Our customer first approach
Customer Hub
Training resources, documentation, and more
For small business
Overview
Improve your cashflow
Keep track of payments
Reduce costs
Reduce failed payments
Increase conversions
For enterprise
Overview
Reduce churn
Reduce international barriers
Reduce operational costs
Reduce time to get paid
Reduce conversion risk
Product
Collect Payments
One-off, subscriptions, invoices and instalments
Powered by bank debit
Instant Bank Pay
Ideal for one-off payments
International payments
Collect from 30+ countries
Protect revenue
Success+
Reduce payment failures
Protect+
Advanced fraud protection for recurring payments
Verified Mandates
Payer authentication you can rely on
Open Banking
Open banking payments
Fast and secure straight from customers' bank accounts
Bank account data
Make decisions faster
Connect to GoCardless
Partner integrations
Connect to 350+ partner apps
API integrations
Build a custom integration
Payment provider integrations
Embed bank payments into your platform
Partners
All Partners
GoCardless for Chargebee
GoCardless for Xero
GoCardless for Zuora
Pricing
Learn
Help and support
Customer Hub
Training resources, documentation, and more
FAQ
Common questions answered
API documentation
Guides for integrators
News and resources
Latest articles and research
Guide to open banking
Guide to Direct Debit
Tech @ GC
Mastering Payments webinars
Direct Debit for small business
Login
Sign up
Privacy Centre
Payers
Read about our privacy practices for people who make a payment using GoCardless.
Privacy for Payers
Merchants
Read about our privacy practices for people who take payments for their goods or services using GoCardless.
Privacy for Merchants
Account holders
Read about our privacy practices for people who securely access and share their bank
account data.
Account holders
Prospects and visitors
Read about our privacy practices for people who visit our website or who work for companies that might be a good fit for our services.
Prospects and Visitors
FAQ
Who is GoCardless?
GoCardless provides services that help merchants process payments for their goods or services. Your data controller is GoCardless Ltd, Sutton Yard, 65 Goswell Road, London, UK  EC1V 7EN.
Learn more
Where do I go for privacy support?
You can contact our data protection officer to ask questions, make a complaint or exercise your rights.
Contact the DPO
How does GoCardless comply with GDPR?
Our global privacy program is based on the EU General Data Protection Regulation and sets a high baseline for compliance wherever we operate.
Learn more
What are my choices about marketing?
We don't sell data and we don't market to payers. We may contact business prospects if we think they might use our services.
Learn more
How does GoCardless use cookies?
Cookies help us provide our services, tailor our website and market our services more effectively. You can make choices about your cookies here.
Learn more
More legal details
What makes our processing lawful, how do we make automatic decisions about people, how long do we keep the data, and what types of recipient do we share it with?
Learn more
Recruitment privacy notice
GoCardless collects personal data to find and hire people who are a good fit for our company. You can find more information here.
Learn more
Ready to get started?
Get Started
Speak to one of our payment experts about the challenges of collecting recurring payments at scale across the globe.
Get Started
Sub-policy 1
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connect
Platform Agreement
Account Agreement
Products and Programmes
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe Customer Portal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Radar
Stripe Rewards
Stripe Verifications
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal Purchase Terms
Terminal Reseller Terms
Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Treasury - Connected Accounts
Stripe Treasury - Platforms
Stripe Vault and Forward
Financial Services Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Payment Method Terms
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Data Privacy Framework
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Licences
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Learn more
.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full#Updated_PS:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statement
1. Overview
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
3. Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
10. Your Data Protection Rights
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement
16. Users in the UK
17. Definitions
18. Our Contact Information
Status disclosure
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statement
Last updated on 1 February 2025
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or in general questions regarding your Personal Data. Your information will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
1. Overview
PayPal UK Ltd (“we,” “our,” “us,” “PayPal”) provides this Privacy Statement to describe our use of your Personal Data when you use your PayPal account, Xoom account, visit our websites, apply for, or use our services (collectively, the “
Services
”). This Privacy Statement does not apply to Other Services, such as Hyperwallet. We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in the “
Definitions
” section below.
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
In the United Kingdom (UK),
PayPal UK Ltd
is the data controller for the Personal Data collected and processed in connection with Personal Data obtained when you visit our website, during the registration and application process, and throughout your continued use of the services.
Some of the third-parties that we share Personal Data with are independent data controllers. This means that we are not the ones that dictate how the data that we share will be processed. Examples are authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. When your data is shared with independent data controllers, their data policies will apply. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
For more information about how we protect your Personal Data when transferred outside of the UK, please see Section 8, (“
International Transfers of Personal Data
”).
For most of our Services, we act as a “data controller”, however there are some products and features where PayPal may also act as a “data processor” when providing services to our Partners and Merchants.  The “data controller” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that has the control over the purposes and means by which the data processing is performed.  The “data processor” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that processes the Personal Information for the data controller, for the data controller’s specific purposes, and as otherwise permitted under applicable data protection laws.
3. Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal or Xoom account. We will collect Personal Data from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Pay Without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. Braintree), use PayPal Groups, use a Fastlane profile, or when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders (“Recipient”). If you use Pay Without a PayPal account, we may link your transaction information with your PayPal account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create a PayPal account later. We use the term “User” to apply to account and non-account holders. If you are a non-account holder, your Personal Data will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
With a Fastlane profile, individuals can store their payment methods and other Personal Data with PayPal so that they can complete the checkout process faster, create a store or loyalty account, or facilitate other transactions at participating Partners and Merchants with payment card, contact information, shipping data or other data they save in their Fastlane profile as relevant to the specific interaction, participating Partner or Merchant, all without having to manually input payment method details and other Personal Data each time they check out (“Fastlane”).
When you create a Fastlane profile, PayPal will store your Personal Data, including your name, email, phone number, address information,  billing information and payment method details, and other data that will be relevant to specific Partner or Merchant interactions, and pre-populate that information in the checkout flows or other interactive features of participating Partners and Merchants so that you can enjoy a faster Partner and Merchant experience by not having to manually input your payment or other information. We will also collect transaction and other Partner or Merchant data related to your purchases and other Partner and Merchant interactions when you use Fastlane. If you have a Fastlane profile, we may recognize you as a Fastlane user when you shop on the participating Partners and Merchants sites and we may prompt you to engage in participating Partner or Merchant interactions, such as register for a store or loyalty account  using your Fastlane profile information. If you choose to interact with participating Partners or Merchants through Fastlane, you agree to let PayPal disclose your Fastlane profile information to the Participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and to facilitate your transaction and shopping experience on the participating Partners and Merchants sites.
When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the Partner and Merchant may disclose Personal Data with PayPal that we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement.
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
We collect the following categories of information about you to provide our Services, continually improve your user experience, manage and improve our business. The types of Personal Data we collect about you are described below.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from you
,
including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Registration and Contact Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect your name, mailing address, email, income, telephone number, tax ID, Payment Information, profession, employment or business information, and other information necessary to establish an account or profile and use our Services.
Identification and Signature Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect information to verify your name, address, email, phone number, government- issued identification, age and biometric data as well as to create and issue your electronic signature.
Payment Information
. Information such as amount you send or request, your payment instrument, card, or financial or funding account used in connection with the Services, including issuer name, card type, country code, payment account number, CVV, username, and IBAN information.
Information about your imported contacts
. If you choose to import your contact lists, we will collect Information you enter or import about your contacts, such as name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts you import or enter manually.
Information in your PayPal Account Profile.
Information you choose to enter such as your username, email, mobile number, profile picture, preferred language, or personal description which may include sensitive Personal Data that reveals religious beliefs, political or philosophical views, disability, sexual orientation as well as biometric data. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us
. Information you disclose when you respond to surveys, or contact our customer support teams, such as Services you have used, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account or profile status, repayment history, voice identification. This may include information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Device Information.
Information that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Inferred data.
We may derive inferences from your transactions and personal data when you use the Services. We do this, for example, to help keep your account and profile secure and protect your use of the Services from fraud. We may draw inferences that reflect your behaviour patterns and personal preferences, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from third parties,
including from identity verification vendors, data brokers, vendors that help us with fraud detection, your bank, Partners and Merchants or third party platforms you engage with using our Services:
Information from your connected third party accounts
. If you choose to connect non-financial or financial account such as your personal email, social media, or bank or credit accounts, we will collect information consistent with the disclosed purpose for which it was linked. For example, if you choose to participate in
Open Banking
, we will collect account credentials, account balances, account transactions, and information about your financial standing from your linked accounts. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time.
Information from Credit Reporting Agencies
. Where permitted by law, we collect credit-related information such as outstanding and historical debt, repayment history, previous credit approvals, current employment relationship, and relationship with other financial institutions within the framework of your use of our Services.
Transaction Information
. Information about your order details and purchases, such as item description, quantity, price, currency, shipping address, online shopping cart information, seller and buyer information, and Payment Information. This includes information from your transactions where you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Guest checkout).
Information related to legal requirements
. Consistent with applicable law (such as anti-money laundering laws), this may include information from external sanction lists such as name, date of birth, place of birth, occupation, and the reason why the person is on the list in question.
Third party applications
. Information from others from your use of third-party applications, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, social networking sites, such as name, your social network ID, Location Information, email, device ID, browser ID, and profile picture. Your use of third-party applications is subject to the privacy notice and terms of service for such applications.
Categories of Personal Data automatically collected about you, including through your access to our website or mobile app, from cookies and similar tracking technologies, and your devices:
Technical Usage Data
. Information about response time for web pages, download errors and date and time when you used the service, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Information from your device
. Information about your language settings, IP address, browser ID, device ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, and data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies,
Location Information
. Information from IP-based geolocation such as latitude and longitude data, and Global Positioning System (GPS) information when you give us permission through your device settings.
Inferred data
. Inferences drawn to create a profile about you that may reflect behavior patterns and personal preferences, such as gender, income, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
We may
process
your Personal Data for a variety of reasons that are permitted under data protection laws applicable in the UK and in accordance with the lawful bases below:
We collect the following Personal Data we consider
necessary to fulfil our pre-contractual and contractual obligations
to you and without which you will not be able to use the Services.
Necessary categories of Personal Data include:
Registration and Contact Information
Identification and Signature Information
Payment Information
Information related to legal requirements
Information you provide when you contact us
Transaction information
Package Tracking
Service-specific Personal Data
Information from credit reporting agencies and financial institutions
Information from your connected financial accounts
Information from your use of the Services
Technical usage data
Device information
Location data
These activities include
:
to provide our Services, to fulfil relevant agreements with you and to otherwise administer our business relationship with you. If you are using Fastlane, we will also use your Personal Data and payment method details to determine whether the payment you are making with a participating Partner or Merchant is authorised by you and likely to be successfully authorised by the payment method you choose to use when you make a purchase using details from your Fastlane profile.
to administer your payment for products and the customer relationship.
to assess your creditworthiness in connection with your application, confirm your identity and your contact information, and protect you and others from fraud.
to confirm your identity, also through the use of electronic signature, and verify your personal and contact details.
to prove that transactions have been executed.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to comply with internal procedures.
to assess which payment options and services to offer you, for example by carrying out internal and external credit assessments.
for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes.
to communicate with you in relation to our Services.
to comply with applicable UK laws, such as anti-money laundering and booking keeping laws and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks.
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that PayPal remains a secure financial service and continuing to offer services that are innovative and of interest to you. We do this where
our legitimate interests are not outweighed by your right not to have your data processed for this purpose
.
These activities include:
to ensure that content is presented in the most effective way for you and your device.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to determine your eligibility for and to communicate with you about Services for which you may qualify or that may be of interest to you, for example by carrying out internal credit assessments.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to improve our Services and for general business development purposes, for example improving risk models to minimize fraud, develop new products and features and explore new business opportunities.
To keep your account, profile and financial information accurate and up to date.
for marketing, product and customer analysis, including testing, for example to improve our product range and optimize our customer offerings.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering, bookkeeping laws, regulatory capital adequacy requirements, and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities where we are not compelled by UK law but where we have a good faith belief that sharing the information is necessary to comply with applicable law.
to facilitate your participation in competitions, offerings, and events.
to conduct financial risk management obligations such as credit performance and quality, insurance risks and compliance with capital adequacy requirements under applicable law
to process information about your contacts to make it easy for you to find and connect them and improve payment accuracy.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
to provide you with information, news, and marketing about our Services, including where we partner with others to offer similar services.
to associate information about you to identify your use of Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Pay Without a PayPal account), and to associate such transactions with your PayPal account, if you have one or later establish an account.
to remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as which of your payment methods you prefer or whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
We have a legal obligation under UK laws to conduct certain processing activities.
We do this where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws
.
These activities include:
to provide our Services and products.
to certify your identity, also for signature purposes, and verify your personal and contact details.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering and bookkeeping laws and regulatory capital adequacy requirements and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities.
We rely on your explicit and voluntary consent
to process your Personal Data to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, providing biometric data, targeted advertising, linking your email account for package tracking or connecting to a third-party platform. You may change your mind about use of these features at any time through your account settings. Note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. Please refer to Section 10 (“
Your data protection rights
”) for more information on your right to withdraw your consent.
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
We will share your Personal Data with third parties where there is a lawful basis to do so.
This includes:
With other Other Services
, in order to provide you with the Services and for our own legitimate interests in conducting our business. These interests are described further in Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which legal basis?
”)
.
With authorities
, to the extent we are under a legal obligation to do so. Such authorities include tax authorities, police authorities, enforcement authorities and supervisory authorities in relevant countries. We may also be required to provide competent authorities information about your use of our Services, for example revenue or tax authorities, which may include your name, address and information regarding card transactions processed by us on your behalf through our Services. The legal basis for complying with disclosure obligations under UK law is legal obligation and where acting under non-UK law, on the basis of our legitimate interest to comply with relevant laws to deter illegal conduct.
With other financial institutions and card networks
, for example to facilitate payment processing, to jointly offer a product or to add cards to your electronic wallet. For payment transactions with Fastlane, your Personal Data will be shared with the provider of the payment services for the participating Partner and Merchant to enable the processing of the payment transaction. The payment provider for the Partner and Merchant may be PayPal or a third party payment provider. The legal basis for our disclosure is performance of our contract with you. These parties may also access your Personal Data for other legitimate purposes such as identity verification, fraud prevention and risk management. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our Partners and Merchants to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our Partners and Merchants to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest to conduct business and recover debts. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them, and they may report your unpaid debts to credit reporting agencies which may affect your creditworthiness or ability to secure future credit.
With service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as marketing, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With other Users in accordance with your account settings
. You may display or make certain information available to other Users, such as your profile photo, first and last name, username, or city in accordance with your account settings. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. Please note that you can change your profile settings at any time and at no cost to you.
With financial institutions in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, for example when you initiate an account connection with another bank, card account, or aggregator. We do this to check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account. When you choose to link your account the legal basis for accessing your account data is performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, save your payment information with Fastlane, pay other Users, use the Services, or return goods we may share information about you and your account or Fastlane profile with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you and for our legitimate interests. We may also disclose Personal Data to Partners and Merchants to enable their use of our Services to facilitate your transactions. For example, when you visit a participating Merchant site or app, the Merchant can check whether you are a user of PayPal services and present a recommended payment method to you to simplify your checkout process. If you choose to interact with participating Partners and Merchants through Fastlane, we will disclose your Fastlane profile information with the participating Partners and Merchants and their services providers, and facilitate your transaction, shopping experience or other interaction on participating Partners and Merchants sites.
Please note that Personal Data shared with Partners and Merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners and Merchants’ own privacy policies and procedures.  We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of Partners and Merchants.
With third parties that are independent data controllers
, for example when we share Personal Data to credit reference agencies, acquirers and other financial institutions, or security products to prevent bots from accessing our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the processing of Personal Data you share with them. For more information specific to credit reference agencies we partner to assess your creditworthiness, see Section 12, (“
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
”).
With buyers or in connection with business transfer
, for example if we sell business or assets, we may share your Personal Data to a buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Data may also be shared. PayPal has a legitimate interest in being able to carry out these transactions.
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Data used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years
Personal Data in relation to a legal obligation to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations.
We retain Personal Data for the least amount of time necessary where retention is advisable in light of litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live. We use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States and other countries. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with UK data protection laws, to protect your Personal Data. For transfers of Personal Data from the EU within PayPal and Other Services, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (available
here
). For transfers of personal data from the UK, these are based on the UK Addendum (approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office) to the EU standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission, to help ensure your information is afforded a high standard of protection and that your privacy rights are respected.
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to recognise you as a User, customise your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Sites and Services. Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you decline certain Cookies, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.
Cookies help us to do the following:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails
Tailor our online services to your preferences
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services
Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. At this time our Sites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
to learn more about our use of Cookies.
10. Your Data Protection Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to control our collection and use of your Personal Data. Your rights include:
Access, rectification, deletion, objection, portability, and restriction of your Personal Data
We recognize the importance of your ability to control use of your Personal Data and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), rectification (correction or update), deletion (erasure), objection, portability (transferring), and to restrict process in whole or in part.
If you have an account you can exercise your data protection rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from account settings in the PayPal app. If you, or an authorised agent, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Data in your Fastlane profile, contact us at the number provided in the Our Contact Information section or submit your request from your Fastlane profile management portal.
Even if you do not you have a PayPal account (for example, where you use Pay without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, modification, correction, or deletion of your information Personal Data by contacting us at the number provided in the Our Contact Information section. You can submit a request related to someone else’s information, if you are their authorised agent, by contacting us. Please note that we may require you to provide additional information for verification.
Your right to object to the Automated Decisions and profiling
If you are not approved under the Automated Decisions described below, you will not have access to our services, such as our payment methods. PayPal has several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. If you have any concern about the outcome, you can
contact us
, and we will determine whether the procedure was performed appropriately.
You have the right to object to an Automated Decision with legal consequences or decisions which can otherwise significantly affect you (together with the relevant profiling) by
contacting us
. We will then review the decision, taking into account relevant additional circumstances.
Consent
Generally, if we use your Personal Data with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on a lawful processing ground other than consent.
Right to object to Direct Marketing
If we use your Personal Data for direct marketing, you can always modify your permissions, object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in electronic communications or through your account or profile settings.
Right to object to Legitimate Interest processing
If we use your Personal Data to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third-party, you have the right to object to our use for that purpose. See Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
”)
How do you exercise your rights and how can you contact us or the data protection authority?
If you are unhappy with our processing of your Personal Data for any reason, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in your country.
By contacting our Data Protection Officer, please see Section 18 (“
Our Contact Information
”).
You may also seek a remedy through
local courts
if you believe your rights have been breached.
You may also lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office: website: https://ico.org.uk/, address: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF.
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
“
Automated-decision making”
is the process of making a decision by fully automated means without human involvement. In some cases these decisions
could have a legal or similarly significant
effect on you as an individual. “
Profiling
” means analysis of an individual's personality, behaviour, interest and habits to make predictions or decisions about them. Where authorised under UK law or where necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract, we may in some cases use automated decision-making or profiling for decisions. An example of our use of automated decision making is evaluation of your creditworthiness to assess your suitability for certain credit products.
We believe that by making such decisions automatically, PayPal increases its objectivity and transparency in deciding which services to offer you. We deploy several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. You can always ask for a manual decision-making process instead, express your opinion or contest decision making based solely on automated processing, including profiling, if such a decision would produce
legal effects or otherwise similarly significantly affect you
. You can find out more about how to object to these decisions in Section 10
(“Your data protection rights”)
.
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
if you require more information on our use of Automated-decision making or Profiling.
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
If you have applied for or use our credit Services, in order to process your application, we may supply your Personal Data to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.
The legal bases for such transmissions are found in Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b (contractual) and Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f (legitimate interest) of the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”).
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. This information may be supplied by CRAs to other organizations to perform similar checks and to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.
Your data will also be linked to the data of any joint applicants or other financial associates.
How to Find Out More
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
for details of which CRA we have used for a specific search.
The list of CRAs used in the UK and EEA, can be found
here
, including identities of the CRAs used in each relevant country, and a link to their privacy notice from which you can determine the ways in which they use and share Personal Data, including how long they will retain such Personal Data. You can contact the credit reference agencies operating in the country in which you live directly if you have any questions regarding their services, your credit score or the information they have stored about you, or if you wish to exercise your data subject rights towards them.
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorisation controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorised.
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children under the age of 16 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. If you are a new User or are receiving this Privacy Statement for the first time and there is an upcoming change described on the
Policy Updates
or Privacy Statement page at the time you receive this Privacy Statement, such upcoming change will apply to you on the indicated effective date.
16. Users in the UK
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country.
Specifically, you acknowledge that PayPal may do any and all of the following with your information:
Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation laws implementing the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) and OECD Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by FATCA or CRS, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies.
Disclose account Information to intellectual property right owners if under applicable law they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used.
Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
Disclose your name and PayPal link in the PayPal user directory. Your details will be confirmed to other PayPal users in response to a user searching using your name, email address or telephone number, or part of these details. This is to ensure people make payments to the correct user. This feature can be turned off in the PayPal profile settings.
If you as a Partner and Merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such third party necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed here. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each "Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your account information or to whom we may consider disclosing your account information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was shared).
Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to Personal Data.
Share necessary account information with unaffiliated third parties (listed here) for their use for the following purposes:
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
17. Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Other Services means companies or separate brands, affiliates or subsidiaries of PayPal, Inc., and who process Personal Data in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. Examples include Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., and Hyperwallet.
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partner and Merchant means the merchant or business that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay Without a PayPal account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without using a PayPal account, a Fastlane profile, or the Unbranded Payment Services.
PayPal means PayPal UK Ltd, which offers PayPal, Xoom, Unbranded Payment Services and Fastlane profile services.
Personal Data means information that can be associated with an identified or directly or indirectly identifiable natural person. “Personal Data” can include, but is not limited to, name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email address, payment card number, other financial account information, account number, date of birth, government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number, national ID, passport number), and biometrics.
Processing means any method or way that we handle Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether by automated means, such as by collection, recording, categorization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.
Services  means any PayPal Unbranded Payment Services, Pay Without a PayPal account, PayPal Groups, Fastlane, Xoom, credit products and services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal, with the exception of the Other Services. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card and/or direct debit payment services that do not carry the PayPal brand, or when you use our Braintree services.
User is any person who uses the Services as a consumer for personal or household use. For the purposes of this Notice, “User” includes “you” and “your”.
18. Our Contact Information
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
or offline at PayPal UK Ltd at 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.
Click
here
to contact us about your PayPal Account or Service or Unbranded Payment Services.
Click
here
to contact us about your Xoom Account or Service.
To contact us about your Fastlane profile: visit your Fastlane profile management portal.
Status disclosure
PayPal UK Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) as an electronic money institution (firm reference number 994790); in relation to its regulated consumer credit activities (firm reference number 996405); and for the provision of cryptocurrency services (firm reference number 1000741). Some products and services, such as PayPal Pay in 3 and PayPal Working Capital, are not regulated by the FCA and may offer a lower level of protection. Please read product terms for further details. PayPal UK Ltd's company number is 14741686. Its registered office is 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.
Sub-policy 3
https://ashbourne-memberships.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Products & Services
Club Management
Marketing Support
Membership Sales
Member Experience
Member Retention
Business Types
Gyms, Health & Fitness Centres
Personal Trainers
Yoga & Pilates Studios
Boxing & MMA Clubs
Sports & Leisure Centres
Pricing
Resources
(UK) Events
Blog
Free eBook Library
Contact Us
REQUEST A DEMO
MEMBER PORTAL
Menu
Products & Services
Club Management
Marketing Support
Membership Sales
Member Experience
Member Retention
Business Types
Gyms, Health & Fitness Centres
Personal Trainers
Yoga & Pilates Studios
Boxing & MMA Clubs
Sports & Leisure Centres
Pricing
Resources
(UK) Events
Blog
Free eBook Library
Contact Us
REQUEST A DEMO
MEMBER PORTAL
Products & Services
Club Management
Marketing Support
Membership Sales
Member Experience
Member Retention
Business Types
Gyms, Health & Fitness Centres
Personal Trainers
Yoga & Pilates Studios
Boxing & MMA Clubs
Sports & Leisure Centres
Pricing
Resources
(UK) Events
Blog
Free eBook Library
Contact Us
REQUEST A DEMO
MEMBER PORTAL
Menu
Products & Services
Club Management
Marketing Support
Membership Sales
Member Experience
Member Retention
Business Types
Gyms, Health & Fitness Centres
Personal Trainers
Yoga & Pilates Studios
Boxing & MMA Clubs
Sports & Leisure Centres
Pricing
Resources
(UK) Events
Blog
Free eBook Library
Contact Us
REQUEST A DEMO
MEMBER PORTAL
privacy policy
privacy policy
We take your privacy very seriously. Please read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and how and why we collect, store, use and share your personal information. It also explains your rights in relation to your personal information and how to contact us or supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
We collect, use and are responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation, which applies across the European Union (including in the United Kingdom and elsewhere) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
Key Terms
It would be helpful to start by explaining some key terms used in this policy:
1.   We, us, our – Ashbourne Management Services Limited incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 03803567 and whose registered address is at Corner Oak, 1 Homer Road, Solihull, West Midlands, B91 3QG
2.   Our data protection officer – Email address:
dataprotection@ashbournemanagement.co.uk
3.   Personal information – Any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.
4.   Special category personal information – Personal information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership. Biometric data.
Data concerning health, sex life or sexual orientation.
This includes information provided to us by you on the Physical Activities Readiness Questionnaire (“PARQ”).
Personal information we collect about you
We may collect and use the following personal information about you:
·        Contact Data including your name and contact information, including email address and telephone number and company details.
·        Identity Data including information to enable us to check and verify your identity, e.g. your full name, title, date of birth and gender.
·        Financial Data including your billing information, transaction and payment card information
·        Profile Data including your contact history, purchase history and saved items and your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions your personal or professional interests.
·        Technical Data information about how you use our website, IT, communication and other systems.
·        Marketing and Communications Data including your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
·        Information from accounts you link to us, eg information stored on your Fitbit which is linked to YourApp+.
·        Location data, if you choose to give this to us.
·        Your professional online presence, eg LinkedIn profile.
This personal information is required to provide products and/or services to you. If you do not provide personal information we ask for, it may delay or prevent us from providing products and/or services to you.
How your personal information is collected
We collect most of this personal information directly from you—in person, by telephone, text or email and/or via our website and apps. However, we may also collect information:
·        directly from a third party
·        from a third party with your consent, eg insert example, eg your bank or building society
·        via our IT systems, eg:
·        door entry systems and reception logs;
·        automated monitoring of our websites and other technical systems, such as our computer networks and connections, and access control systems, communications systems, email and instant messaging systems;
1.   Any personal information which is not obtained directly from you will also be processed in a manner which is compliant with this privacy policy.
How and why we use your personal information
Under data protection law, we can only use your personal information if we have a proper reason for doing so, eg:
·        to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
·        for the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract;
·        for our legitimate interests or those of a third party; or
·        where you have given consent.
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information, so long as this is not overridden by your own rights and interests.
Below explains what we use (process) your personal information for and our reasons for doing so:
What we use your personal information for
Type of Data
Our reasons
To provide products and/or services to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
For the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract.
To prevent and detect fraud against you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to minimise fraud that could be damaging for us and for you.
Conducting checks to identify our customers and verify their identity.
Screening for financial and other sanctions or embargoes.
Other processing necessary to comply with professional, legal and regulatory obligations that apply to our business, eg under health and safety regulation or rules issued by our professional regulator.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Financial
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Gathering and providing information required by or relating to audits, enquiries or investigations by regulatory bodies.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Usage
(d) Marketing and communication
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Ensuring business policies are adhered to, eg policies covering security and internet use.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to make sure we are following our own internal procedures so we can deliver the best service to you.
Operational reasons, such as managing entry, improving efficiency, training and quality control.
(a) Biometric (finger print data points)
(b) Contact
(c) Identity
(d) Technical
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, i.e. to be as efficient as we can so we can delivery the best service for you at the best price.
Ensuring the confidentiality of commercially sensitive information.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to protect trade secrets and other commercially valuable information.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Statistical analysis to help us manage our business, eg in relation to our financial performance, customer base, product range or other efficiency measures.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Marketing and communications
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to be as efficient as we can so we can delivery the best service for you at the best price.
Preventing unauthorised access and modifications to systems.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to prevent and detect criminal activity that could be damaging for us and for you.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Updating and enhancing customer records.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
For the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, eg making sure that we can keep in touch with our customers about existing orders and new products.
Statutory returns.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Ensuring safe working practices, staff administration and assessments.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, eg to make sure we are following our own internal procedures and working efficiently so we can deliver the best service to you.
External audits and quality checks, eg for ISO or Investors in People accreditation and the audit of our accounts.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
For our legitimate interests or a those of a third party, ie to maintain our accreditation’s so we can demonstrate we operate at the highest standards.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
To take proceedings against you or otherwise to instruct third parties to act for us in recovering debt or exercising our rights.
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
So that we may be paid or otherwise enforce your obligations under our contract with you.
The above information does not apply to special category personal information, which we will only process with your explicit consent.
Promotional communications
We may use your personal information to send you updates (by email, text message, telephone or post) about our products and/or services, including exclusive offers, promotions or new products and/or services.
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal information for promotional purposes (see above ‘How and why we use your personal information’). This means we do not usually need your consent to send you promotional communications. However, where consent is needed, we will ask for this consent separately and clearly.
We will always treat your personal information with the utmost respect and never sell or share it with other organisations outside the group for marketing purposes.
You have the right to opt out of receiving promotional communications at any time by:
·        using the ‘unsubscribe’ link in emails or ‘STOP’ number in texts.
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing preferences if you instruct us to provide further products and/or services in the future, or if there are changes in the law, regulation, or the structure of our business.
Who we share your personal information with
We routinely share personal information with:
·        third parties we use to help deliver our products and/or services to you, eg payment service providers, warehouses and delivery companies;
·        other third parties we use to help us run our business, eg gym owners, marketing agencies or website hosts;
·        third parties approved by you, eg social media sites you choose to link your account to or third party payment providers; and
·        our banks
We only allow our service providers to handle your personal information if we are satisfied they take appropriate measures to protect your personal information. We also impose contractual obligations on service providers in order to ensure they can only use your personal information to provide services to us and to you. We may also share personal information with external auditors, eg in relation to ISO or Investors in People accreditation and the audit of our accounts.
We may disclose and exchange information with law enforcement agencies and regulatory bodies to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
We may also need to share some personal information with other parties, such as potential buyers of some or all of our business or during a re-structuring. Usually, information will be anonymised but this may not always be possible. The recipient of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations.
We will not share your personal information with any other third party.
Where your personal information is held
Information may be held at our offices and those of our third party agencies, service providers, representatives and agents as described above (see above: ‘Who we share your personal information with’).
How long your personal information will be kept
We will keep your personal information while you have an account with us or we are providing products and/or services to you. Thereafter, we will keep your personal information for as long as is necessary:
·        to respond to any questions, complaints or claims made by you or on your behalf;
·        to show that we treated you fairly;
·        to keep records required by law.
We will not retain your personal information for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. Different retention periods apply for different types of personal information.
When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal information, we will delete or make it anonymous.
Your rights
You have the following rights, which you can exercise free of charge:
·        Access – The right to be provided with a copy of your personal information (the right of access).
·        Rectification – The right to require us to correct any mistakes in your personal information.
·        To be forgotten – The right to require us to delete your personal information—in certain situations.
·        To withdraw consent – The right to withdraw your consent at any time by following the steps outlined below. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
·        Restriction of processing – The right to require us to restrict processing of your personal information—in certain circumstances, eg if you contest the accuracy of the data.
·        Data portability – The right to receive the personal information you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit that data to a third party—in certain situations.
·        To object
o   The right to object
§ at any time to your personal information being processed for direct marketing (including profiling);
§ in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information, eg processing carried out for the purpose of our legitimate interests.
·        Not to be subject to automated individual decision-making – The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, please contact us or see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals’ rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.
If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please:
·        email or write to us or our Data Protection Officer—see below: ‘How to contact us’; and
·        let us have enough information to identify you (eg your full name, address and customer or gym reference number);
·        let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill); and
·        let us know what right you want to exercise and the information to which your request relates.
Keeping your personal information secure
We have appropriate security measures to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed unlawfully. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to access it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We continually test our systems and are ISO 27001 certified, which means we follow top industry standards for information security.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
Insert details of any specific security measure that you wish to mention to reassure data subjects, eg encryption technologies (this is purely optional).
If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit www.getsafeonline.org. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
How to complain
We hope that our Data Protection Officer can resolve any query or concern you may raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Changes to this privacy policy
This privacy notice was published on and last updated on 14th May 2018.
We may change this privacy notice from time to time – when we do we will inform you via our website or other means of contact such as email.
How to contact us
Please contact us and/or our Data Protection Officer by post, or by email if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the information we hold about you.
Our contact details are shown below:
Ashbourne Management Services Limited,
PO BOX 10920
Shirley
Solihull
B90 8YB
Our Data Protection Officers Contact Details:
The Data Protection Officer,
Ashbourne Management Services Limited,
PO BOX 10920
Shirley
Solihull
B90 8YB
Email address:
dataprotection@ashbournemanagement.co.uk
Do you need extra help?
If you would like this notice in another format (for example audio, large print, braille) please contact us (see ‘How to contact us’ above).
Want to discover best practices for your club?
Visit our learn base to find out more.
Read our blog, download our free e-books, listen to our podcast or join the Gym Owner’s Forum, we have something for everyone. All specifically designed to assist you in making your club the best it can possibly be.
Discover Learn Base
Want to discover best practices for your club?
Visit our learn base to find out more.
Read our blog, download our free e-books, listen to our podcast or join the Gym Owner’s Forum, we have something for everyone. All specifically designed to assist you in making your club the best it can be.
discover learn base
Want to discover best practices for your club?
Visit our learn base to find out more.
Read our blog, download our free e-books, listen to our podcast or join the Gym Owner’s Forum, we have something for everyone. All specifically designed to assist you in making your club the best it can be.
discover learn base
Member of a gym? Simply text "HELP" to 51777 and we'll help you.
BUSINESS
ABOUT
CONTACT
FAQ
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
RESOURCES
MEMBERS
BLOG
CONTACT
MAKE A PAYMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Facebook
Instagram
Linkedin
copyright © 2022 Ashbourne
DESIGN BY UNTURNED STONE CREATIVE
Member of a gym? Simply text "HELP" to 51777 and we'll help you.
BUSINESS
ABOUT
CONTACT
FAQ
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
RESOURCES
MEMBERS
BLOG
CONTACT
MAKE A PAYMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Facebook
Instagram
Linkedin
DESIGN BY UNTURNED STONE CREATIVE
copyright © 2022 Ashbourne
Member of a gym? Simply text "HELP" to 51777 and we'll help you.
BUSINESS
ABOUT
CONTACT
FAQ
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
RESOURCES
MEMBERS
BLOG
CONTACT
MAKE A PAYMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Facebook
Instagram
Linkedin
DESIGN BY UNTURNED STONE CREATIVE
copyright © 2022 Ashbourne
Privacy policy
|
We use cookies
We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.
Accept all
Deny
No, adjust
Sub-policy 4
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to Content
Updated March 2, 2023
Privacy Policy
How Shopify handles your data
Table of Contents
Introduction
Our values
Why we process your information
Your rights over your information
Where we send your information
How long do we retain your information
Our use of Machine Learning
How we protect your information
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
How you can reach us
United States Regional Privacy Notice
Introduction
In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use information about you, our
merchants using Shopify
to power your business
customers
who shop at a Shopify-powered business
partners
who develop apps for merchants to use, build stores on behalf of merchants, refer potential entrepreneurs to Shopify, or otherwise help merchants operate or improve their Shopify-powered business
users of Shopify apps
and services like
Shop
or
Shop Pay
visitors to
Shopify’s websites
, or anyone contacting
Shopify support
This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices, we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email).
Our values
Trust is the foundation of the Shopify platform and includes trusting us to do the right thing with your information. Three main values guide us as we develop our products and services. These values should help you better understand how we think about your information and privacy.
Your information belongs to you
We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products, our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to your benefit.
We protect your information from others
If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in advance, unless we are legally forbidden.
We help merchants and partners meet their privacy obligations
Many of the merchants and partners using Shopify do not have the benefit of a dedicated privacy team, and it is important to us to help them meet their privacy obligations. To do this, we try to build our products and services so they can easily be used in a privacy-friendly way. We also provide detailed FAQs and documentation covering the most important privacy topics, and respond to privacy-related questions we receive.
Why we process your information
We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the United Kingdom (“UK”) call these reasons “legitimate interests.” These “legitimate interests” include:
preventing risk and fraud
answering questions or providing other types of support
helping merchants find and use apps through our app store
providing and improving our products and services
providing reporting and analytics
testing out features or additional services
assisting with marketing, advertising, or other communications
We only process personal information for these “legitimate interests” after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep, limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use to protect your information.
We may also process your personal information where you have provided your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by changing your communication choices, opting out from our communications or by contacting us.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and legal basis for processing for each type of personal data.
Your rights over your information
We believe you should be able to access and control your personal information no matter where you live. Depending on how you use Shopify, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, port to another service provider, restrict, or object to certain uses of your personal information. We will not charge you more or provide you with a different level of service if you exercise any of these rights. Please note that a number of these rights apply only in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law.
If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store and wish to exercise these rights over information about your purchase or interaction, you need to directly contact the merchant you interacted with. We are a processor and process information on their behalf. We will of course help our merchants to fulfill these requests to the extent required by law, such as by giving them the tools to do so and by answering their questions.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with, please submit your data subject request through our
online portal
. Please note that if you send us a request relating to your personal information, we have to make sure that it is you before we can respond. In order to do so, we may use a third party to collect and verify identification documents. Further information about rights available to US residents can be found below under the header “United States Regional Privacy Notice”.
If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time.
Finally, because there is no common understanding about what a
“Do Not Track”
signal is supposed to mean, we don’t respond to those signals in any particular way.
Where we send your information
We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant.
Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example, when we send this information to our
Subprocessors
), this information is protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those provided in the
Standard Contractual Clauses.
Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we respond to such orders, please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
How long do we retain your information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information or store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, for further details on the retention of your personal information.
Our use of Machine Learning
One of the ways in which we are able to help merchants using Shopify is by using techniques like “machine learning” (some laws, including certain EEA and UK laws, may refer to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (1) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (2) use machine learning in ways that don’t have legal or similarly significant effects (for example, reordering how apps might appear when you visit the app store).
How we protect your information
Our teams work tirelessly to protect your information, and to ensure the security and integrity of our platform. We also have independent auditors assess the security of our data storage and systems that process financial information. However, we all know that no method of transmission over the Internet, and method of electronic storage, can be 100% secure. This means we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. You can find more information about our security measures at
/ie/security
.
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
We use
cookies
and similar tracking technologies on our website and when providing our services. For more information about how we use these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant’s store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about, make a request relating to, or complain about how we process your personal information, please contact
Shopify Support
, or mail us at one of the addresses below. If you would like to submit a legally binding request to demand someone else’s personal information (for example, if you have a subpoena or court order), please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf.
If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy.
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa:
Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland
If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand:
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“US Notice”) supplements our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on
www.shopify.com
(together, the “Shopify Privacy Policies”).
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”).
What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information.
We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws.
Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.
Categories of personal information collected
Recipients of personal information
Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number;
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information;
Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant);
Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites;
Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address;
Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience;
Other information you provide; and
Sensitive personal information, which may include:
Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account);
Your device’s precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information);
Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation
The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop).
Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors;
Advertisers and marketing vendors;
Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from;
Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores;
Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by:
You: We collect the information you provide when you use our platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of Shopify’s websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account and payment information you provide to us (including information about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter.
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us provide you with our services including the following:
Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information.
Service Providers. We receive information from our service providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods.
Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging, fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to provide you with our services. For more information, see Shopify’s subprocessors.
Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
How long we keep your information
Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests.
If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process.
When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained.
Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and information about our data practices.
Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about you.
To exercise your rights, including the “right to know” and “right to delete,” please submit a request through our online portal. If you use Shop or Shop Pay, please visit
https://shop.app/delete-account
for instructions on how to request deletion of your information.
If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID.
Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information.
For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above.
Sub-policy 5
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies