Last Updated: January 3, 2025
1. Introduction
Permanent link: 1. Introduction
​​Ramp is on a mission to help finance teams build healthier businesses. We rely on data and insights to save our customers time and money so they can focus on their core missions. Our Privacy Policy explains how we manage data that identifies or that could reasonably identify or be linked to an individual, household, or device (
"Personal Information"
).
Ramp's products and services are intended for use by business customers and are not intended for personal, family, or household use. However, we collect and process Personal Information in a commercial context to provide our products and services to our business customers and to operate our business. We want you to understand how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information, and your rights and choices regarding your Personal Information, including the right to object to certain types of processing we carry out (for more information see
Section 6 - Your Rights and Choices
below). As used in this Privacy Policy,
"Ramp,"
"we,"
"our,"
and
"us"
refer to Ramp Business Corporation and its affiliates, and
"you"
and
"your"
refer to the individual interacting with us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, you can contact us at
privacy@ramp.com
↗
. You can also visit
Section 13 - Contact Us; Data Controller
below for more information.
2. Applicability of this Privacy Policy & Ramp’s Business
Permanent link: 2. Applicability of this Privacy Policy & Ramp’s Business
This Privacy Policy applies to certain information we collect and process as a Controller (defined below) about you when you use or interact with:
our corporate card and expense management, travel, procurement, treasury, accounts payable, and other services, including the associated technology we provide for access to and use of those services (e.g., app.ramp.com and our mobile applications) (the
"Services"
);
www.ramp.com
(the
"Website"
); and
our social media, emails, newsletters, advertisements, and other locations or platforms, online or offline, where you interact with our business (collectively, with the Services and Website, the
"Business"
).
Information we collect when you attend a Ramp event or conference is subject to the
Ramp Events Privacy Notice
.
Data protection laws distinguish between entities that control the purposes and means of processing Personal Information (
"Controllers"
) and entities that process Personal Information on behalf of other entities (
"Processors"
). The Ramp Platform Agreement and our other terms and addenda (the
"Agreement"
), along with the terms and conditions of our Financial Institution Partners, governs our provision of Services to a business customer (a
"Company"
). When Ramp processes Personal Information on behalf of a Company to provide contracted Services, we do so in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and the Customer's instructions, not this Privacy Policy. If you wish to exercise your rights regarding Personal Information we are processing on behalf of a Company, you should contact the applicable Company for assistance, and if we receive a request intended for the Company, we will forward communications we receive from you to the Company for resolution. Ramp is not responsible for the privacy practices of any Companies, which may differ from those in our Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party applications or services that are used in connection with Ramp Services, or any other products, services, or accounts provided by other entities under their own terms and conditions or privacy policy (collectively,
"Third-Party Services"
). For example, a Company may connect, directly or through another application, accounting systems, e-mail services, human resources information systems, bank accounts held at depository institutions, rideshare applications, e-commerce platforms, and other products and services to its Services account (
"Ramp Account"
). These Third-Party Services help us provide Companies with an integrated spend management solution but are not part of our Services. They are provided by independent third parties under policies and terms of those third parties.
3. Personal Information Ramp Processes
Permanent link: 3. Personal Information Ramp Processes
Ramp processes Personal Information to deliver Services to you and to operate our Business (as described in the Agreement).
A. Personal Information Provided Directly to Ramp
Permanent link: A. Personal Information Provided Directly to Ramp
The Services are intended for use by Companies and their employees and other authorized users (
"Authorized Users"
). If you or someone at your Company begins the process of applying for a Ramp Account, we may receive Personal Information about you, your Company, and individuals associated with your Company.
1. Personal Information You Provide to Us
Permanent link: 1. Personal Information You Provide to Us
We collect and process Personal Information when you submit it to our Business, including:
Contact Information,
including your name, email address, phone number, employer, job title, and address;
Identity Verification & Risk Information,
including Personal Information of the Company’s owners, control persons, and other relevant Company personnel, such as their name, email address, phone number, employer, job title, date of birth, residential address, country of citizenship, photograph, social security number, driver's license, passport or other government-issued identification, and any other information captured on the government identification or through our identity verification process, and other Personal Information requested by or provided to us as part of the application and underwriting processes.
Communications,
including when contacting sales or support, providing product feedback, or corresponding with our business teams.
Content,
including any documentation, files, or information you provide, which may include Personal Information about you.
Third-Party Information,
including Personal Information you provide about any co-workers, contractors, vendors, or potential referrals, such as their name, email address, phone number, employer, job title, or address.
Audio and/or Video Recordings,
which we may collect during sales or support calls or meetings, unless you opt out or do not provide consent, as applicable.
2. Personal Information We Collect about Authorized Users
Permanent link: 2. Personal Information We Collect about Authorized Users
In connection with providing Services, we collect and process additional Personal Information of Authorized Users submitted by, on behalf of, and relating to a Company’s Authorized Users, such as:
Authorized User Personal Information,
including your name, email, phone number, address, employer, job title, login credentials, and other information used by your Company to invite and manage Authorized Users.
Transaction Data,
including information associated with your bill payments, reimbursements, and card transactions made through your Company's Ramp Account, whether online or in person, which may include Personal Information.
Connected Data,
including information and documentation relating to you made available to us by Third-Party Services connected to the Services. Connected Data may be made available to Ramp during the application process and after a Ramp Account is opened for your Company. For example, if you link your bank account to receive or provide expense reimbursements, we will receive Bank Account Information about the linked account, like the bank routing and account numbers and account balance. In addition, some Third-Party Services (e.g., accounting systems and business bank accounts) will provide us with information about activities outside of the Services, which may include Personal Information, like your business expenses and your Company's external transactions. Other Third-Party Services, like your Company's HRIS, may disclose Personal Information of Authorized Users, and if your Company connects its email service, we may receive your email communications and attachments for processing. We may continue to access and receive Connected Data from a Third-Party Service until it is disconnected from the Services by you or your Company.
Travel Data,
including your business travel booking information (name, email, date of birth, gender, phone number, known traveler or redress number, and loyalty or rewards number) and itinerary. This may include approximate location information, such as when your travel itinerary indicates you have booked a flight to or hotel in a particular location. This does not include the mileage reimbursement feature, which uses precise geolocation data.
Receipt and Invoice Data,
including information you submit to us to pay Company invoices and process your receipts, which may include Personal Information, such as photos, PDFs, and the contents of e-mails, and SMS messages, if you opt-in to text messages, along with associated metadata.
Vendor Data,
including the identity of vendors, which may include Personal Information, such as their contact information, including their name, email, phone number and address, payment details, contracts and purchase orders, and information to complete tax documentation (e.g., the vendor's tax classification and tax identification number).
B. Personal Information Generated and Collected Automatically by Ramp
Permanent link: B. Personal Information Generated and Collected Automatically by Ramp
1. When You Use or Interact with Our Business
Permanent link: 1. When You Use or Interact with Our Business
We collect and process Personal Information of Authorized Users and other individuals, as applicable, when you use or interact with our Website, Services, and other products and services provided or used by our Business:
Use Data,
including information and metadata about the pages or content you visit, the features you interact with, the workflows you construct, how much time you spend on a particular Website or using the Services, login and crash data, Third-Party Services you elect to connect to or use with the Services (
"Connected Data"
), your preferences or selections, the time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages.
Device Data,
including information about the type of device or browser you use, your device's operating software and settings, your internet service provider, and device identifiers, such as the IP address and advertising identifier.
Location Data,
including an approximate location derived from your IP address or business information and precise geolocation if you choose to enable certain features, such as trip mileage reimbursement.
We use cookies and other technologies to help us collect and process information automatically. The technologies we use to assist with this data collection include log files, cookies, web beacons, tags and scripts, pixels, and software development kits (or
"SDKs"
). For additional information about cookies and similar technologies we use, including how you can opt out of some of those technologies, please visit our
Cookie Policy
and review
Section 6 - Your Rights and Choices
of this Privacy Policy. You can also limit our collection of certain information by changing your device and software settings. However, doing so may affect or limit the features available to you.
2. Ramp Events
Permanent link: 2. Ramp Events
If you register for an event or conference hosted or sponsored by Ramp, we may require additional information (e.g., your company name, your job title or your dietary restrictions). Some events may have different or additional terms or privacy policies, which we will make available to you at or before the time we collect Personal Information for those events. For more information, review our
Ramp Events Privacy Notice
.
C. Personal Information Collected by Ramp from Other Sources
Permanent link: C. Personal Information Collected by Ramp from Other Sources
We also collect and process Personal Information of Authorized Users and other individuals, as applicable, from other sources, including:
Financial Institution Partners,
including banks (e.g., the bank issuing your Company's card or originating loans to finance Company expenses), card networks, payment processors, money transmitters, and other entities that provide or support delivery of financial services.
Identity Verification, Fraud and Compliance Monitoring, and Financial and Business Information Providers,
which help us supplement our understanding of your Company and its personnel, maintain security, prevent fraud, and comply with legal obligations. This may include information such as your name, address(es), phone number(s), photograph, government ID, device information, or other Personal Information required to verify your identity, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations.
Vendors and Console Users
transacting with or supporting Companies (e.g., merchants and accounting firms). For example, a merchant might provide us with their name, tax identification number, and payment account information so that Companies can make bill payments and report on their tax obligations. That information may include Personal Information.
Service Providers,
which help us operate our Business and which may collect and process Personal Information depending on the services they provide and your interactions and choices with respect to our Services and Websites.
Social Networks, Advertising Providers, and Private Databases,
which help us to identify and enrich our understanding of prospective customers and to serve and measure advertising, provide us with Personal Information that may include your name, email, phone number, mailing address, gender, age, and other demographic data. We also receive Personal Information when you interact with our pages, groups, accounts, and posts on social media platforms, which generally includes aggregate data about our followers (e.g., age, gender and location), engagement data (e.g., “likes,” comments, shares, reposts, and clicks), and awareness data (e.g., number of impressions and reach), as well as individual users’ public profiles.
Joint Marketing, Business Partnerships, Referrals, and Rewards Partners
that we engage for joint marketing activities and our referrals and rewards programs, which may share information, including Personal Information, about overlapping customers, such as their contact information and services they acquire.
Publicly-Available Sources,
including information in the public domain that helps us identify potential customers and partners or conduct due diligence and risk management for potential and existing customers, such as Personal Information about a company’s personnel on its website or in news articles and press releases.
The categories of Personal Information we collect and receive from these sources may include all of the categories identified above in this section under
"Personal Information Provided Directly to Ramp"
and
"Personal Information Generated and Collected Automatically by Ramp"
. We treat the Personal Information obtained from other sources in accordance with any laws or contractual obligations applicable to us.
4. How We Use Personal Information
Permanent link: 4. How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information for business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy and to operate our Business as follows:
To Provide and Maintain Our Business.
To provide, operate, and manage our Services, Website, and other parts of our Business, including to perform customer validation and to enable you to use cards and our other payment tools, to verify financial information, establish spend limits, conduct identity verification, prevent or address technical issues and disruptions, and analyze and monitor usage and activities. This includes processing information at your direction, including as expressed through your or your Company's use of certain features in the Services, such as a request to connect a Third-Party Service, like Slack or Lyft.
To Communicate with You.
To send you notices, updates, security alerts, and information regarding changes to our policies and terms, to respond to support requests and feedback, and to provide other transactional and relationship communications, and if applicable, marketing communications.
To Detect, Prevent, and Respond to Fraud and Security Incidents.
To maintain the safety and security of our Business and to manage risk, including investigating suspicious activity, detecting and preventing potential security incidents or fraudulent or unauthorized transactions, breaches of policies and terms, and threats of harm, including in an automated fashion.
To Comply with Legal Obligations and Enforce Our Rights.
To fulfill legal, regulatory, and contractual obligations, including when cooperating with government authorities, courts, and regulators in accordance with applicable law, maintaining records to demonstrate compliance with applicable law (such as financial regulations), protecting our legal rights, and pursuing remedies available to us.
To Provide Ramp Rewards.
If your Company chooses to participate in our rewards program, to determine your eligibility for rewards and to facilitate the rewards program effectively.
To Develop and Improve Our Business.
To make the Services and other aspects of our Business as useful as possible for Authorized Users on behalf of their Companies, including by identifying and troubleshooting issues with the Services, improving and expanding our products and operations, and offering new features and functionality. For example, we may develop or improve Services by analyzing how you use features, the documentation you submit, or information associated with your transactions.
For Auditing and Research.
To conduct internal reporting, auditing, and research, including focus groups and surveys.
For Marketing and Advertising.
To develop, send, and measure advertising, direct marketing, and communications about our products, offers, promotions, rewards, events, and Services. We may also use information to engage in personalized or targeted advertising. As part of this process, where permitted by law, we use tracking technologies, such as cookies, pixels, tags, and SDKs, some of which track your activities across time and services for purposes of associating the different devices you use, and delivering relevant ads and other content to you. For further information on the types of tracking technologies we use and your rights and choices regarding analytics and targeted advertising, please see
Section 6 - Your Rights and Choices
and our
Cookie Policy
. Even if you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see advertising, including potentially from us. If you connect your bank account to your Company's Ramp account, we will not use your bank account information to market our Business on advertising platforms.
For Offers, Promotions, and Contests.
At times, we offer certain opportunities or rewards through contests, sweepstakes, and other special offers and promotions (collectively,
“Offers”
). When these Offers are made available, we will provide you with a description of the Offer and related material terms, including how you can opt in (if applicable) and the categories of Personal Information collected in connection with the offer but not described here, which may include your name, email, and other Personal Information. Certain Offers may be construed as “financial incentives” under California law; California residents should review our
Notice of Financial Incentives
.
Generating De-identified, Aggregated, and/or Anonymized Information.
To develop de-identified, aggregated, and/or anonymized information, including by removing or masking information that could be used to identify you, and by aggregating or combining information so that it does not identify an individual. We may use information that does not identify you for any purpose permitted by law and as required to meet our contractual obligations.
At Your Direction.
To fulfill any other purpose at your direction, including as expressed through your or your Company's use of Services functionality. For example, if you direct us to connect your Ramp Account to a Third-Party Service, such as Slack or Lyft, we will process that request accordingly.
With Notice to You and Your Consent.
We may otherwise use Personal Information we collect after providing notice to you and obtaining your consent.
For information about your rights and choices regarding how we use your Personal Information, please see
Section 6 - Your Rights and Choices
below.
5. Disclosure of Personal Information by Ramp
Permanent link: 5. Disclosure of Personal Information by Ramp
We disclose Personal Information we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The categories of parties to whom we disclose Personal Information are listed below. We may disclose information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by law or contractual obligation applicable to us.
Affiliates.
We disclose Personal Information to
affiliates and related entities
↗
of Ramp Business Corporation.
Service Providers.
We disclose Personal Information to service providers that process information on our behalf. Service providers assist us with services, such as cloud infrastructure, Website hosting, analytics, developing and improving the Services and Websites, processing payments, providing rewards, serving advertisements, providing communications and technical support, detecting and responding to security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and debugging to identify and repair errors in the Services. Depending on the service, we may provide Personal Information on a continuous basis (e.g., fraud services) or on an as-needed basis. We impose contractual restrictions on our service providers’ processing of Personal Information, although we may permit them to use information that does not identify you (such as information that has been aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized) subject to applicable law.
Other Third Parties.
Business Customers.
We disclose Personal Information to your Company so that we can provide Services on the Company’s behalf. For example, we may disclose Personal Information to your Company to process your payment transactions, provide Services, report on your use of your Company's Ramp Account, respond to your and their questions, comply with your and their requests, and otherwise comply with the law. In addition, your Company can assign different roles to Authorized Users, which will have different associated capabilities and permissions. We will disclose some Personal Information about your use of the Services to other Authorized Users within, or individuals acting on behalf of, your Company. Those individuals may include members of your Company's finance department, your manager, other Company personnel, or a Company service provider. Each Company is an independent entity, and the Company’s processing of Personal Information is subject to the Company’s own policies and terms.
Providers of Connected Services.
We disclose Personal Information to Third-Party Services and their providers if you or your Company choose to use Third-Party Services in connection with the Services, such as Slack, Uber, Google, or NetSuite.
Financial Institution Partners.
We disclose Personal Information to Financial Institution Partners, such as banks, card networks, and payment processors, to support their customer identification, risk, and compliance programs, and so they can determine eligibility for, and provide, products and services to your Company, either directly or through us. This information also enables our Financial Institution Partners to deliver card, payments, treasury, and international transfer capabilities through our Services. For example, to comply with Know-Your-Customer requirements and requests for information, we may disclose to our Financial Institution Partners your name, email, phone number, employer, job title, date of birth, residential address, country of citizenship, photograph, social security number, and driver's license, passport or other government-issued identification, other information captured through our identity verification process, and Ramp card and transaction information.
Credit Reporting Agencies and Other Financial Information Providers.
We disclose Personal Information about your Company and its Ramp Account to credit reporting agencies to verify information about your Company, to report on your Company's performance, and to report late payments, missed payments, or other defaults. While this information is generally about the Company, it may include Personal Information.
Vendors and Console Users.
We disclose Personal Information to entities that transact with or support your Company. For example, we may disclose the status of your Company's payments to the recipient vendor, which may include Personal Information, such as contact information.
Ramp Rewards Providers.
We disclose Personal Information about you and your Company's Ramp Account as necessary to determine your Company's eligibility for rewards and to facilitate the rewards program effectively.
Analytics, Marketing, and Advertising Providers and Agencies.
We disclose Personal Information to agencies, advertisers, ad networks, and other technology services to conduct analytics and to place advertisements on our behalf on third-party websites and services. If you connect your bank account to your Company's Ramp account, we will not disclose your bank account information to market our Business on advertising platforms.
Referrals and Joint Marketing Partners.
We disclose Personal Information about you and your Company's Ramp Account to our partners in connection with facilitating referral partnerships or engaging in joint marketing activities. For example, if you or your Company were referred to us through a referral partner, we may disclose Personal Information to our referral partner to confirm the status of your application and to calculate the referral fee.
Mergers and Acquisitions.
We may disclose Personal Information to an acquiring entity, legal counsel, consultants, or others in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale, or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of our assets or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another business.
Identity Verification and Risk Providers.
We disclose Personal Information to third-party services that help us verify your and your Company’s identity and perform other compliance functions. In addition, to prevent fraud and safeguard our customers and Business, we disclose information to risk and security partners, including Personal Information about interactions with our Services and transactions.
Public Authorities.
We may disclose Personal Information to public authorities, such as financial services or other regulators to comply with applicable law, payment network rules, and legal process, to investigate suspicious or potentially fraudulent activity, and where required in response to lawful requests by regulators, courts, law enforcement, and other public authorities, including to meet national security, anti-money laundering, or law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose Personal Information to protect the rights, property, life, health, security, and safety, as applicable, of us, the Services, our Business, or others.
For information about your rights and choices regarding how we share Personal Information about you, please see
Section 6 - Your Rights and Choices
below.
6. Your Rights and Choices
Permanent link: 6. Your Rights and Choices
A. Access, Correction, Deletion, and Objection to or Restriction of Processing
Permanent link: A. Access, Correction, Deletion, and Objection to or Restriction of Processing
Ramp Services are intended for use by business customers (
"Companies"
), and you may only use a Ramp account if you are an employee or other Authorized User of a Company that has opened a Ramp account. The information in a Company's Ramp Account is governed by our Agreement with the Company. You should direct questions about Personal Information we are processing on behalf of a Company to that Company and its administrators. If you are an Authorized User, you may also be able to access, update, or delete certain Personal Information within your Company's Ramp account through the Services. However, the Company and its administrators are generally responsible for determining how that Personal Information is processed.
Subject to limitations under applicable law, residents of certain jurisdictions have rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information, including the right to:
Know what Personal Information we process about you and to access and receive an electronic copy of your Personal Information.
Correct inaccurate Personal Information about you.
Request that we delete Personal Information about you.
Under certain circumstances, in jurisdictions such as the U.K. and the E.U., the right to request that we restrict processing of your Personal Information and/or to object to how we process Personal Information about you.
Where we process your Personal Information based on consent, the right to withdraw that consent at any time with respect to future processing.
These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal Personal Information about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights), or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have a compelling legitimate interest to keep. We will not discriminate against you for exercising these rights.
To exercise any of your rights, please submit a request through our
Privacy Center
↗
. We will confirm receipt of your request and respond to your request within the time limits prescribed by law. We may require additional information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your request. If Personal Information about you has been processed by us as a service provider or Processor on behalf of a Company, please contact the Company directly to exercise your rights. However, if you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of your Company on whose behalf we processed your Personal Information. We will refer your request to that Company, and we will support them as required by applicable law to respond to your request.
In certain jurisdictions, you have the right to appeal to us a decision we’ve made to refuse to take action in response to your exercise of one of the rights above. In order to submit an appeal to us, you can contact us at
privacy@ramp.com
↗
with the subject line "Privacy Request Appeal" and information relevant to the appeal in the email.
Residents of the E.U., Switzerland, and the U.K. also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can lodge the complaint in the country where you reside, where you work, or where any alleged infringement of data protection law occurred.
B. Communication Preferences
Permanent link: B. Communication Preferences
1. Emails
Permanent link: 1. Emails
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the instructions provided in the emails to click on the unsubscribe link. You can also change your email preferences
here
↗
(for individuals who aren't Authorized Users) and
here
↗
(for Authorized Users). If you are unable to opt-out through those methods, you can email us at
privacy@ramp.com
↗
. Please note that you cannot opt out of transactional and relationship emails, and certain other content, such as those about your Company's Ramp Account, transactions, servicing, or our ongoing business relations.
2. Text or SMS Messages
Permanent link: 2. Text or SMS Messages
If you have opted in to receiving text or SMS messages related to your use of the Services, you can opt out at any time by texting "STOP" to the short code. After you send the SMS message "STOP" to us, we will send you a SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After that, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. Text messaging originator opt-in data and consent will not be shared, sold, rented, or otherwise disclosed by us for marketing purposes. For more information, please see the Agreement. You may be required to communicate your preferences separately to opt out of receiving messages through other platforms, such as Whatsapp.
3. Push Notifications
Permanent link: 3. Push Notifications
You can opt out of mobile device push notifications at any time by adjusting your device settings or by uninstalling the mobile app.
4. Mail and Telephone
Permanent link: 4. Mail and Telephone
You can ask to unsubscribe from our mail or telephone outreach at any time. In some jurisdictions, you can also ask us not to share your information with third parties for marketing purposes. To opt out of mail or telephone calls, you can email us at
privacy@ramp.com
↗
with “Mail Opt Out” in the subject line and the address or phone number, as applicable, in the body of the email of the recipient to be opted out.
Please note that your opt-out request is limited to the email address, phone number, or address used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.
C. Tracking Technology Control
Permanent link: C. Tracking Technology Control
1. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Permanent link: 1. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Most browsers and devices accept cookies by default. You can instruct your browser or device, by changing its settings, to decline or delete cookies and similar technologies (
"Cookies"
). Please be aware that if you disable or remove Cookies some parts of our Business may not function correctly and settings and preferences controlled by those Cookies, including advertising preferences, may be deleted and may need to be reset. You can modify your Cookie preferences for our Website by opting out on our
Your Privacy Choices
page. If you use multiple browsers or devices, you may need to instruct each browser or device separately. Your ability to limit Cookies is subject to your browser and device settings and limitations. For additional information, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
2. Global Privacy Control
Permanent link: 2. Global Privacy Control
Certain browsers and browser extensions support the
Global Privacy Control
↗
(
"GPC"
) that can send a signal to websites you visit to indicate your choice to opt out of certain types of data processing. Our Website is designed to respect your GPC preferences.
3. Do Not Track
Permanent link: 3. Do Not Track
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" signal to online services you visit. There is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to "Do Not Track" signals. For more information on "Do Not Track," visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
↗
. However, you can use the other controls identified in this section of the Privacy Policy to control tracking technologies as described, including
GPC
↗
.
4. Email Web Beacons
Permanent link: 4. Email Web Beacons
Most email clients have settings which allow you to prevent the automatic downloading of images, including web beacons, which prevents the automatic connection to the web servers that host those images and, unless restricted by your Company, you can change those settings in your email account.
5. Mobile Advertising ID Controls
Permanent link: 5. Mobile Advertising ID Controls
iOS and Android mobile operating systems provide options to limit tracking and to reset the advertising IDs and, unless restricted by your Company, you can change those settings on your device.
6. Analytics and Targeted Advertising
Permanent link: 6. Analytics and Targeted Advertising
Google provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
↗
and by Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb
↗
.
7. Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and "Sales" or "Sharing" of Personal Information
Permanent link: 7. Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and "Sales" or "Sharing" of Personal Information
Data protection laws in certain jurisdictions provide the right to opt out of targeted advertising, "sales," or "sharing" of Personal Information. To opt out of targeted advertising, "sales," or "sharing" (as defined by applicable law) of your Personal Information, visit our
"Your Privacy Choices"
page or click the "Your Privacy Choices" in the footer of our Website. California residents can review information relating to California’s data protection laws in our
California Notice at Collection below
.
In addition to the option above, the companies we work with to provide you with targeted ads in connection with our Business are required to give you the choice to opt out of receiving targeted ads. Most of these companies are participants of the Digital Advertising Alliance (
"DAA"
) and/or the Network Advertising Initiative (
"NAI"
). To learn more about the targeted ads provided by these companies and how to opt out of receiving certain targeted ads from them, please visit: (1) for targeted ads from DAA participants,
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
↗
; and (2) for targeted ads from NAI participants,
https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
↗
. Opting out only means that the selected participants should no longer deliver certain targeted ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads (e.g., in connection with the participants' other customers or from other technology services). Any targeted advertising by Ramp will only be carried out to the extent that it is permitted by applicable law.
Please note that if you opt out using any of these methods, the opt out will only apply to the specific account, browser, or device from which you opt out. Except as required by applicable law, we are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any opt-out options or programs, or the accuracy of any other entities' statements regarding their opt-out options or programs.
8. Opt Out of Audio or Video Recording
Permanent link: 8. Opt Out of Audio or Video Recording
We may record audio or video in connection with sales or support calls and meetings to help us operate, manage, and improve our Business. You will be notified prior to a recording, and if you want to opt out of or don’t want to opt in to the recording, as the case may be, you should follow the instructions presented in the notice.
7. International Data Transfers
Permanent link: 7. International Data Transfers
Our Business is headquartered in the United States, with operations in Canada and other jurisdictions. Depending on your relationship with us, where you reside, and your use of certain parts of the Services, your Personal Information that we collect may be transferred to, processed, used, handled, and stored in the United States and other jurisdictions. Data protection laws in the United States and other jurisdictions may differ from those of your country of residence. We take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws when we transfer Personal Information internationally. In certain situations, regulators, courts, and law enforcement agencies might be entitled to access your Personal Information (for more information see
Section 5 - Disclosure of Personal Information by Ramp
).
For Personal Information transferred from the European Economic Area (
"E.E.A."
), Switzerland, or the U.K., we will provide appropriate safeguards for transfers of your Personal Information outside of those jurisdictions, including: (1) transferring the Personal Information to countries recognized by the
European Commission
↗
, the
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner
↗
, and/or
U.K. Information Commissioner’s Office
↗
as offering an adequate level of protection for Personal Information; (2) transferring the Personal Information pursuant to contractual obligations, including
Standard Contractual Clauses
↗
(
"SCCs"
) and addenda specific to Switzerland and/or the U.K., as applicable; and (3) confirming service providers to which we transfer Personal Information have active self-certification under the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the U.K. Extension to the E.U.-U.S. DPF, or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, as applicable. While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of SCCs, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided under data protection law, such as sharing Personal Information as required with law enforcement or in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymization, and policies and processes to review and, as appropriate, challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests for Personal Information. For more information about our security measures, visit our
Trust Center
↗
.
If you are a resident of the province of Quebec, please note that we transfer and store Personal Information outside of Quebec province.
8. Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information
Permanent link: 8. Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information
Certain jurisdictions, such as the E.E.A., Switzerland, and the U.K. require a "lawful basis" to collect, process, and disclose Personal Information. Where we are the Controller of your Personal Information, we rely on the following lawful bases:
At your direction and in performance of a contract we have with you.
Compliance with our legal obligations or to preserve or enforce our legal rights.
Consent that you provide us at the time of collection of your Personal Information or subsequently.
To further the legitimate interests of Ramp or a third party, for example, to: (1) administer and conduct our business, including maintaining and improving the Services; (2) detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents; (3) detect and prevent fraud; and (4) conduct marketing and analytics activities.
9. Security
Permanent link: 9. Security
We use various technical, organizational, administrative, and physical measures designed to protect your Personal Information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no information security program or transfer of information via the internet is entirely secure, so we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. We recommend you use strong passwords, use multi-factor authentication to access your account, and otherwise follow your Company’s information security practices. If you suspect unauthorized activity with respect to your Ramp account or you suspect a security incident has occurred, you should contact us immediately at
security@ramp.com
↗
.
10. Use by Minors
Permanent link: 10. Use by Minors
We do not direct any of our Services or other aspects of our Business to minors. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information (as defined by the U.S. Children's Privacy Protection Act, or
"COPPA"
) from children under 13. We also do not knowingly "share" or "sell," as those terms are defined under applicable law, the Personal Information of minors under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor and believe your minor uses the Services, contact us at
privacy@ramp.com
↗
.
11. Retention
Permanent link: 11. Retention
Ramp collects and stores Personal Information for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Subject to applicable law, we retain Personal Information for as long as we continue to have a business or operational purpose to retain it and as necessary to comply with (or demonstrate compliance with) our legal or regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our rights. Please note that our retention obligations may require us to retain your Personal Information after you are no longer an Authorized User or your Company’s Ramp Account has closed. These retention obligations may also prohibit us in some cases from deleting Personal Information after you have asked us to delete your Personal Information. When the applicable retention period elapses, we will delete, de-identify, or anonymize your Personal Information in accordance with our policies and procedures.
12. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Permanent link: 12. Changes to this Privacy Policy
At Ramp, we build with velocity, which means we regularly ship new products and features and improve our Business. Those changes sometimes require us to collect new Personal Information or to use Personal Information in different ways, so we periodically update this Privacy Policy to reflect those changes. We reserve the right to change and reissue this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated version on our Website. If we make material changes in the way we collect, use, or disclose your Personal Information, we will provide you reasonable advanced notice of the changes before they take effect for you. If we have an existing relationship with you, you represent a Company, or if you are an Authorized User, we may provide you notice through our Website, through your Company's Ramp Account, or directly using the contact information you have provided to us. If we do not have an existing relationship with you (for instance, if you only visit our Website), any notice we provide will be posted to our Website. If you continue using the Services after those changes are in effect, our processing of your Personal Information will be subject to the new Privacy Policy. We encourage you to regularly review this Privacy Policy to ensure that you remain aware of what Personal Information we collect, how we use and otherwise process it, under what circumstances we will disclose it to third parties, and your privacy rights and choices.
13. Contact Us; Data Controller
Permanent link: 13. Contact Us; Data Controller
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices with respect to Personal Information, or if you have difficulty accessing the information in this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
privacy@ramp.com
↗
By mail: Ramp Business Corporation, Attn: Privacy Counsel, 28 West 23rd, Floor 2, New York, NY 10010
Ramp may process Personal Information in accordance with the instructions of or on behalf of a Company, including when providing Services to a Company under an Agreement. In this context, Ramp acts as a Processor and the Company acts as a Controller. Ramp may also act as a Controller when directly determining the purposes for and means of processing Personal Information in other business contexts as set out in this Privacy Policy, like complying with regulatory obligations applicable to our Business. Where we act as the Controller, the Controller is Ramp Business Corporation, unless we specify otherwise in writing.
14. Additional Information for California Residents
Permanent link: 14. Additional Information for California Residents
A. California Notice at Collection
Permanent link: A. California Notice at Collection
These additional disclosures apply only to California residents and only to the extent applicable. At or before the time of collection of your Personal Information, you have the right to know the categories of Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information to be collected (see
Section 3 - Personal Information Ramp Processes
), the purposes for the collection and use of your Personal Information (see
Section 4 - How We Use Personal Information
), whether your Personal Information is "sold" or "shared" (as defined under California law), and how long your Personal Information is retained
see Section 11 - Retention
. To review that information, you can follow the links above.
1. Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Permanent link: 1. Categories of Personal Information We Collect
California law requires businesses collecting or disclosing Personal Information to provide notices and means to exercise those rights. In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers,
including name, postal address, email address, online identifiers (such as IP address), social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Customer Records,
including phone number, billing address, bank account, and credit or debit card information, which may include Personal Information.
Employment Information.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law,
including gender and citizenship.
Biometric Information
for identity verification and fraud detection.
Commercial or Transaction Information,
including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, which may include Personal Information.
Internet Activity,
including browsing history, search history, and interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement.
Audio and/or Video Recording.
Approximate Location Data.
Precise Geolocation Data
when you choose to enable certain features such as trip mileage reimbursement.
Inferences Drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences.
For further details on Personal Information we collect, including the sources from which we receive Personal Information, review
Section 3 - Personal Information Ramp Processes
. We collect and use these categories of Personal Information for the business purposes described in
Section 4 - How We Use Personal Information
above. We disclose the Personal Information to the categories of persons set out in
Section 5 - Disclosure of Personal Information by Ramp
above. Please visit those sections for further details.
2. Rights to Know, Correct and Delete
Permanent link: 2. Rights to Know, Correct and Delete
You have the right to know certain details about our Personal Information practices and the rights you have under California law. You have a right to know the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected; the categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose or "sold" or "shared;" the categories of persons to whom the Personal Information was disclosed, "sold," or "shared;" the business or commercial purpose for collecting, "selling," or "sharing" the Personal Information; and the specific Personal Information we have collected about you. We have provided much of that information throughout this Privacy Policy, and to the extent it is not addressed elsewhere, it is addressed in this section. In addition, subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information or that we delete the Personal Information we have collected from you. To exercise your privacy rights, please submit a request through our
Privacy Center
↗
. We will confirm receipt of and respond to your request within the time limits prescribed by law. We may require additional information from you to help us verify your identity and to process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your request. If you are unable to submit a request through our
Privacy Center
↗
, you can submit a request to
privacy@ramp.com
↗
.
If Personal Information about you has been processed by us as a "service provider" (which is similar to a data processor) on behalf of a Company, please inquire with your Company directly to exercise your rights. If you want to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of your Company on whose behalf we process your Personal Information. We will refer your request to that Company and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any of your privacy rights. We retain records of privacy rights requests in accordance with applicable law.
3. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Permanent link: 3. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Our business model is to provide corporate card, spend management, and related services to Companies, not selling Personal Information. However, under California law, some marketing practices, like the disclosure of Website visitor data to obtain targeted ads and analytics to advertise our products and services on third-party sites, may be considered a "share" or "sale." Under California law, "share" is broadly defined to include the disclosure of Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising, and "sale" is broadly defined to include the disclosure of Personal Information for anything of value, even if no money is exchanged. Under those definitions, we may "share" or "sell" the following categories of Personal Information for commercial purposes: identifiers, characteristics, commercial or transaction information, internet activity, approximate location data, and inferences drawn. The categories of third parties to whom we "share" or "sell" Personal Information include, where applicable, third parties we work with to deliver targeted advertising, including across sites, and to conduct analytics. To the extent our marketing practices constitute a "share" or "sale" of your Personal Information, you have the right to opt out. You can exercise this right by modifying your preferences for our Website on our
Your Privacy Choices
↗
page or by enabling the
Global Privacy Control
↗
(
"GPC"
) on your browser or extension. These settings enable you to communicate an opt-out preference that is specific to your browser or device, as applicable, so you will need to instruct each separately.
4. Authorized Agent
Permanent link: 4. Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. In order to do that, please provide the agent with written permission, signed by you, authorizing the agent to submit the request on your behalf. The agent must provide us with that written permission as part of the request. We may contact you to verify your identity directly, as well as the authorized agent’s permission, before we send a response to the request. Requests from an authorized agent to exercise rights under data protection law on your behalf must be submitted through the designated methods listed above.
B. Notice of Financial Incentives
Permanent link: B. Notice of Financial Incentives
At times, we offer certain opportunities or rewards through contests, sweepstakes, and other special offers and promotions (collectively,
"Offers"
) (see
Section 4 - How We Use Personal Information
). Because these Offers often involve the collection of Personal Information, they may be interpreted as "financial incentive" programs under California law. We use Personal Information collected through Offers for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties as described in
Section 5 - Disclosure of Personal Information
of this Privacy Policy, including data analytics providers, advertising technology vendors, and social media platforms. The value of any financial incentive we offer is reasonably related to the value of any Personal Information you provide to us. As required by applicable law, we estimate the value of your Personal Information by considering, without limitation, the expenses we incur from collecting your Personal Information and/or providing the Offer to you, the revenue (if any) generated by your use of the Offer, and any improvements we can make to the Services based on information obtained from you as a result of the Offer. If you want to withdraw from an ongoing or upcoming Offer, you can do so by emailing
privacy@ramp.com
↗
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ramp.com/legal/events-privacy-notice:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Sub-policy 1
https://privacy.ramp.com/:

Sub-policy 2
https://ramp.com/legalhttps://ramp.com/data-privacy-opt-out:
Something doesn't feel right.
We can’t find the page you are looking for.
Looking to try Ramp?
Check out the demo below.
Looking for something else?
Try one of our free growth tools built by the Ramp team or connect with us to get started
Free Growth Tools
VC & Angel Investor Database
Mission Statement Generator
Burn Rate Calculator
Invoice Generator
Pitch Deck Database
Get Started
Corporate Cards
Expense Management
Bill Payments
Seamless Accounting
Ramp Intelligence
Sub-policy 3
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl
Sub-policy 4
https://www.ramp.com/data-privacy-opt-out:
Your privacy choices
Certain U.S. states provide residents with the right to opt-out of certain kinds of processing of their personal information. This page provides information on how individuals can exercise those rights. We also recognize browser-based
Global Privacy Control
signals in the same way as when you opt out as described on this page. You will need to renew your opt-out choice if you visit with another browser or device, or if you clear your cookies.
Opt out
If you click the button below, we will opt you out of “sales” or “sharing” your personal information and from “targeted advertising” (as those terms are defined under relevant data protection laws) on www.ramp.com. To exercise other rights you may have under relevant data protection laws, or to opt out of promotional emails, you can follow the steps described in our
Privacy Policy
.
Opt out