Terms of Service
Welcome to the
BestNovel
platform, which is owned and operated by MOBOREADER TECHNOLOGY USA CO LTD. These terms of service (which includes our
Privacy Policy
) ("Terms of Service") are a contract between you and MOBOREADER. By using
BestNovel
.net (the "Site"), creating your
BestNovel
account and using the Site or our mobile applications to post various content to the
BestNovel
community, including stories you create, comments and messages, or to access and view
BestNovel
content or other user content (together with the Site, the "Services"), you're agreeing to these Terms of Service. If you don't agree to any of these terms, you can't use the
BestNovel
Services.
Ability to Accept Terms of Service
You affirm that you are 13 years of age or older, and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service.
In any case, you affirm that you are 13 or older, as the Service is not intended for people under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the Service.
BestNovel
User Accounts
You can't browse very much on the Site or use the Services without registering for an account. To get the most out of the
BestNovel
platform, you'll need to register, choose an account name, and set a password.
You're responsible for all the activity on your account, and for keeping your password confidential. If you share your account information with anyone, that other person may be able to take control of the account, and we may not be able to determine who is the proper account holder. We will not have any liability to you (or anyone you share your account information with) as a result of your or their actions under those circumstances. If you find out that someone's used your account without your permission, you should report it at support@moboreader.net.
Your Content and Conduct
As a MOBOREADER product account holder you may submit Content to certain MOBOREADER Services, including comics, images, novels, links and user comments. You understand that MOBOREADER does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any Content you submit.
You shall be solely responsible for your own Content and the consequences of submitting and publishing your Content on a MOBOREADER Service.
You hereby affirm, represent, and warrant that you (1) own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish Content you submit and publish through the Service; and (2) all such Content are original works of authorship on your part and have not been copied, in whole or in part, from any other work and do not violate, misappropriate or infringe any copyright, trademark or other proprietary right of any other person or entity.
You further agree that Content you submit to a MOBOREADER Service will not contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the Content or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the Content and to grant MOBOREADER all of the license rights granted herein.
You further agree that you will not submit to the Service any Content or other material that is contrary to applicable local, national, and international laws and regulations.
MOBOREADER does not endorse any Content submitted to the Service by any user or other licensor, or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and MOBOREADER expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with Content. MOBOREADER does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on the Service, and MOBOREADER will remove all Content if properly notified that such Content infringes on another's intellectual property rights. MOBOREADER reserves the right to remove Content without prior notice.
Our Rights in the Services
We reserve all rights in the Sites' and the Services look and feel, and in our content. You may not copy or adapt any portion of our code or visual design elements (including logos) without express written permission from MOBOREADER or as set out in this clause. Please do not use our logo or trademarks in any way that might suggest MOBOREADER endorses a particular product or service, or you have a business relationship with MOBOREADER. Please do not alter, stretch, condense, embellish, add sparkles to, or otherwise change our logo in any way.
MOBOREADER may change, terminate, or restrict access to any aspect of the Services, at any time, without notice. We can remove any content you post or submit for any reason. MOBOREADER may access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (1) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (2) enforce the Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations, (3) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (4) respond to user support requests, or (5) protect the rights, property or safety of the Services, its users and the public.
Copyright Violations
All books included in the platform are original content or legally authorized by our partners, and should not be replicated without permission. If you want to replicate any content, please contact us in advance and obtain authorization before you do so, to avoid infringement.
MOBOREADER has adopted a policy toward copyright infringement on the Services in accordance with the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA"). If you'd like to submit a claim of copyright infringement, please send an email with the subject line "Copyright" to support@moboreader.net. MOBOREADER reserves the right to remove content alleged to be infringing without prior notice, at our sole discretion, and without liability to you or anyone else. In appropriate circumstances, we will also terminate a user's account if the user is determined to be a repeat infringer.
We sometimes come across websites that have illegally scraped content from MOBOREADER. When we find these sites we do our best to defend our rights. In order to act on behalf of our users we need to have your legal permission to do that so we ask for it here. You authorize us to act as your agent to issue take down notices under the DMCA and/or any other similar legislation that allows for the submission of requests to Internet service providers and any other person involved in the illegal posting for the removal of infringing or allegedly infringing copyright materials that are contained in or displayed on such service providers platforms and/or services.
Things You Should and Shouldn't Do
We expect all of users to behave responsibly and help keep
BestNovel
platform a nice place. To create a safe, fun and caring environment for story lovers, don't do any of these things on the Services:
Don't break the law.
Don't take any action that infringes or violates other people's rights, violates the law, or breaches any contract or legal duty you have toward anyone.
Don't harm anyone's computer.
Don't distribute software viruses, or anything else (code, films, programs) designed to interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or equipment on the Site (whether it belongs to MOBOREADER or anyone else).
Don't try to damage or disrupt
BestNovel
.
Don't try to interfere with the proper workings of the Services. Don't bypass any measures we've put in place to secure the Services. Don't try to damage or get unauthorized access to any system, data, password, or other information. Don't take any action that imposes an unreasonable load on our infrastructure, or on our third-party providers. (We determine what's reasonable.)
Don't scrape
BestNovel
.
Don't use any kind of software, device or method (whether it's manual or automated) to "crawl", "spider" or otherwise remove any content from any part of the Site or Services. Don't make any use of the Site, content or Services that may have the effect of competing with or displacing the market for
BestNovel
, the Site, or the Services.
Don't steal any content from
BestNovel
without permission.
Don't change, translate, reproduce, distribute or otherwise create derivative works of any content unless you get explicit consent from the author of that content.
Don't steal MOBOREADER's valuable intellectual property.
Don't take apart or reverse engineer any aspect of the Site or Services in an effort to access things like source code, underlying ideas, or algorithms.
Don't make any commercial use of
BestNovel
.
BestNovel
is for your personal and non-commercial use only. Don't sell access to the Site or Services in any way. Don't use the Site or Services for the purpose of advertising any goods or services.
Virtual Currency and Purchases
While viewing content on one or more of MOBOREADER's platforms, you may have the opportunity to visit an in-app or online store. From there you may have the opportunity to use an online "currency" to access a variety of virtual goods such as episodes of a story. You may also be awarded virtual Coins or other currency to use for virtual "shopping." These currencies have no "real world" value, but may be exchanged by you for designated items. Certain items have an expiration date, while others have no expiration date. Each item that you obtain using virtual currency will be included in your account until the earlier of that item's expiration date, your account's expiration or termination date, or such date when the platform is discontinued. REGARDLESS OF THE CONSIDERATION OFFERED OR PAID IN EXCHANGE FOR VIRTUAL CURRENCY, YOU DO NOT HAVE ANY OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN THE ITEMS OBTAINED WITH VIRTUAL CURRENCY. MOBOREADER has no liability for loss of your items from your account, provided we will use reasonable efforts to replace such items under certain circumstances in our reasonable discretion. We have no obligation or responsibility to and will not reimburse you for any item or any experience lost due to your violations of this and any other rules, policies, notices and/or agreements. Price and availability of the items are subject to change without notice. You agree that you cannot and have no right to sell or otherwise transfer any of the items, virtual currency or any other content or information included in any MOBOREADER platform, in whole or in part, to any third person or entity whatsoever in return for anything of value (including "real" money) or otherwise. You acknowledge that any virtual currency you receive on any of MOBOREADER's platforms is not "real" currency or any type of real world financial instrument. Furthermore it is not redeemable for any sum of money from MOBOREADER at any time.
MOBOREADER thanks you for supporting our services. Without your purchases and participation MOBOREADER would not be able to provide you with the services we have built and improved. Your purchases and trust are very important to us and we want your experience to be the best it can be.
In some instances MOBOREADER does not own the content we license to our readers. That being the case there may be times when content you have paid to be able to view is removed from our platform by the content owners before you have had a chance to view it. If this happens, and if you have made a purchase to view content that is removed within 7 days of your purchase, please contact support@moboreader.net with the subject CONTENT REMOVED BEFORE VIEWED and we will work with you to exchange your unlocked, unread episodes for
BestNovel
Coins.
Deleting Your Account
You have the right to opt out of the Services at anytime by sending a written notification with the subject line "Opt Out Notice" to MOBOREADER via email at support@moboreader.net.
We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time and for any reason we deem appropriate. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account, through in-app Messages, or the next time you attempt to access your account.
Disclaimers, Limitations of Liability and Indemnification
Each of the subsections below only applies up to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties or the limitation of liability in contracts, and as a result the contents of this section may not apply to you. Nothing in this section is intended to limit any rights you may have which may not be lawfully limited.
No warranty.
Your use of our Services and any content is solely at your own risk and discretion. They are provided to you "as is" and "as available". That means they don't come with any warranty of any kind, express or implied. MOBOREADER specifically disclaims any implied warranty of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, availability, security, title or non-infringement, and any warranties implied by any course of dealing or performance.
Responsibility for Content.
All content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such content. We may not monitor or control the content posted via the Services and we cannot take responsibility for such content. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive.
Release.
When you use the Services, you release MOBOREADER from claims, damages, and demands of every kind — known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed — arising out of or in any way related to (1) disputes between users, or between users and any third party relating to the use of the Services and (2) the Services.
MOBOREADER's liability to you.
MOBOREADER won't be liable to you for any damages that arise from your use of, or in connection with, the Services and any content. This exclusion includes: (1) where the Services are hacked or unavailable, (2) all types of damages (direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, consequential, special or exemplary), whatever the type of claim or loss (breach of contract, tort (including negligence), breach of warranty, or any other claim or loss), (3) any lost profits, data or revenues, or (4) any conduct or content of other users or third parties on the Site or the Services. In no event shall MOBOREADER's liability for damages be in excess of (in the aggregate) one hundred United States dollars ($100.00).
Your liability to MOBOREADER.
If you do something that gets us sued, or break any of the promises you make in these Terms of Service, you shall compensate us for any liabilities, losses, claims, and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and costs) that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of the Services. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to this clause, in which case you agree that you'll cooperate and help us in asserting any defenses.
Third party websites.
The Site and Services may contain links to other websites; for instance, stories, user profiles, and other posts may link to other sites. When you access third-party websites, you do so at your own risk. We don't control or endorse those sites.
Serving Ads
We offer several methods to let some users access the Services without charge. To be able to continue to do so, we display third party advertisements and promotions on or in connection with the Service. Since the advertising we provide is based upon information provided by third parties, we will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred by you as a result of any advertisements. Your interactions with advertisers found on or through the Service, including, without limitation, all reliance upon advertising, all commercial transactions and legal obligations associated with such advertisements, are solely between you and the advertisers.
If you wish to find out more information about how your personal information may be used by these third party advertisers, please visit
Privacy Policy
.
General Terms
Changes.
Our Terms of Service may change from time to time. If they do, we'll let you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on the Site or by sending you an email. Please note that your continued use of the Services after any change means that you agree with, and consent to be bound by, the new Terms of Service. If you disagree with any changes in the Terms of Service and do not wish to be subject to the revised terms, you will need to close your account and/or stop using the Services.
Entire agreement.
These Terms of Service (including any document incorporated by reference into them) are the whole agreement between MOBOREADER and you concerning the Services, and these Terms of Service supersede and replace any prior agreements between MOBOREADER and you regarding the Services.
No waiver and severability.
If MOBOREADER doesn't exercise or enforce a particular right or provision under these Terms of Service, that doesn't mean we've waived that right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Service is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service will remain in full force and effect.
Choice of law and jurisdiction.
We at MOBOREADER encourage you to contact us if you're having an issue, before resorting to the courts. In the unfortunate situation where legal action does arise, these Terms of Service shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China that apply in China, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. You agree that any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Service will take place in Beijing Haidian People's Court.
Assignment.
These Terms of Service are personal to you. You can't assign them, transfer them, or sublicense them unless you get MOBOREADER's prior written consent. MOBOREADER has the right to assign, transfer, or delegate any of its rights and obligations under these Terms of Service without notice and without your consent.
Contact
For questions about these Terms of Service, send an e-mail to support@moboreader.net.
Recharge Rules
Users understand and agree that the virtual currency of the recharge product is not applicable to unconditional return policy, and users shall not ask for a refund on the grounds that there are still remaining Coins/ Free Coins in the account after consumption. When users recharge in this App, users must carefully confirm their account information. If users' rights and interests are harmed due to their improper operations such as choosing the wrong account number or wrong recharge type, they shall not require any compensation from the App.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://staticpage-en.cdreader.com/EN/PrivacyPolicy.html?x=260&mt=1:
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
We at MOBOREADER TECHNOLOGY USA CO LTD respect your concerns about privacy. We want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites, mobile sites, applications ('apps'), and widgets (collectively, the 'MOBOREADER Services'). By using MOBOREADER Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
MOBOREADER and our service providers collect the following information from and about you:
Registration Information
is the information you submit to register for a MOBOREADER Service, for example, to create an account, post comments, or enter a contest. Registration Information may include, for example, name, email address, gender, zip code and birthday.
Public Information and Posts
consist of comments or content that you post to the MOBOREADER Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include a name, user name, comments, likes, status, profile information and picture. Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines.
Information from Social Media.
If you access or login to a MOBOREADER Service through a social media service or connect a MOBOREADER Service to a social media service, the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends lists, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the MOBOREADER Services through social media services or when you connect a MOBOREADER Service to social media services, you are authorizing MOBOREADER to collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Activity Information.
When you access and interact with the MOBOREADER Services, we may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the MOBOREADER Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the MOBOREADER Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data, or other transactional information for that device.
Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier. Websites, apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the MOBOREADER Services, such as pages you have visited, content you have viewed, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen. Third parties that support the MOBOREADER Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate MOBOREADER Services usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. MOBOREADER does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the 'Help' section of your browser for more information.
Information from Other Sources.
We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our MOBOREADER Affiliates or business partners.
USE AND DISCLOSURE
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the MOBOREADER Services and features to you, including, but not limited to: to measure and improve those MOBOREADER Services and features; to improve your experience with both online and offline MOBOREADER Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages; to allow you to comment on content, and participate in online games, contests, or rewards programs; to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries; to allow social sharing functionality; to deliver relevant advertisements. When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose allowed by law or share it with third parties.
User Generated Content Agreement
(UGC) which is the content submitted to application by users . Some users can see or visit the content.
Application which include or focus on UGC should meet the following conditions:
(1) Before users create or upload UGC , they should accept the usage terms or user specifications of the application;
(2) The content which is generated by users should comply with Google play policy. It prohibits users from publishing objectionable content or doing some objectionable behavior;
(3) Users can report objectionable UGC and we will take corresponding measures against such UGC , including removing or masking these abusive users who violate the application terms of use and user specifications.
YOUR CHOICES
People have different personal privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used.
Here are some of your choices related to personal privacy:
- You can provide, edit, or remove certain information from your public profile by editing your profile. You may also change or correct your private
BestNovel
account information through your account settings.
- You may set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it is important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Be aware that any personal information that you choose to share in public spaces such as comments or profile pages can be read, collected, or used by others, or could be used to send unsolicited messages to you. You are responsible for the personal information that you choose to post in public spaces through the Services.
If your personal information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to remove it — unless we are required to retain that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
ACCESSING, REVIEWING, UPDATING AND MODIFYING PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right to access, review, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. You may request access, updates to and corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information by emailing to us at the contact information set out below. We may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to his/her personal information records.
You can message us within the APP to ask us to delete a part or your entire personal data.
SECURITY
Your personal information is important to you, and protecting that information is important to us. We take reasonable measures to protect our users from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or loss of information we hold, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards.
Your account information is protected by a password. It is important that you protect against unauthorized access to your account and information by choosing your password carefully and by keeping your password and device secure, such as by logging out after using the Services.
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of the transmission or storage of your information.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
MOBOREADER may modify and update this Privacy Policy from time to time without notifying you in advance. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the MOBOREADER Services.
CONTACT
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, would like to exercise your choices, or would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us at support@WeRead.net.
Last updated: July 4, 2018