Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy holds control over the privacy terms of our web site at the URL
lockscreens.app
. The capitalized terms not indicated in our Privacy Policy have the meaning as determined in our Terms of Use found at
lockscreens.app
Your Privacy
Lock Screen 16 Widget assumes a total responsibility for your privacy to be thoroughly protected. Referring to the types of Personal Data the Application collects including those through the third parties there are: Cookies, Usage Data, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, Limit Ad Tracker, for instance) as well as geographic location. All data requested by this Application is mandatory and by not respecting it, the Application finds it impossible to provide its services further.
Definitions
“Non Personal Information” is defined as the information not being personally identifiable to you that is collected by us when you access our Website with a web browser. As a rule, personal information can include such information as your name, email address and other related information that you provide to us or that we collect about you.
Information We Collect
You control the types of information you provide to us when making use of our Website. As a Visitor, you can browse our website to be informed to a greater extent about our Website. At the same time you, as a visitor, are not obliged to provide us with any Personal Identifiable Information.
Cookies
A Cookie is a piece of data you store on your computer or mobile device via your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content you see on our Website. Never placing Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies is what we strictly respect.
Service Providers
We can resort to third-party individuals and companies by the following motifs:
To simplify our service
To provide the service on our behalf
To perform Service-related services
To help us in analyzing when and how our Service is used
We would like to inform our users about the third-parties’ access to your Personal Information. The main reason is that they have usually tasks to fulfill on our behalf. Somehow or other they are strictly obliged not to disclose or make use of Personal Information for any other purposes.
Security
We do appreciate you put your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, hence we are committed to employ all the necessary tools to protect it integrally. Meanwhile keep in mind that there can’t be guaranteed a 100% assurance that the information being spread throughout the internet or stored electronically is secure, so we are not able to provide a total reliability of it.
Links to Other Sites
This Application may contain links to other sites. In case you click on a landing page you will be instantly directed to that site. Please remember that the sites you get in as a result of landing page are not operated by us. In relation to this we suggest you to look through the Privacy Policy of these websites as they may have their own policies concerning privacy. We are not responsible for the content, privacy policies or any other information related to the third-party sites or services, therefore check their individual privacy policies to find out how the site operators will utilize your personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy in between times, so it is always available for users to look through it to see the changes made. In case any changes with Privacy Policy appear, we will send you notifications for you to stay informed. These changes have effect right after they were posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, contact us without any hesitation.
Our E-mail address:
lockscreenwidget@gmail.com