Home
Rider Tools
Live Arrivals
Trip Planner
System Overview
Service Alerts
Ride With Us
Survey
How to Pay
Know Before You Go
Popular Destinations
Changes That May Affect Your Ride
Get to Know Us
Who We Are
News and Events
Board of Commissioners
Executive Leadership
Doing Business with Us
Panels & Committees
Regional Transit Funding
Jobs
Documents & Reports
Equity and Inclusion
Current Projects
Mobility Hubs Improvement
Better Bus Stops
Improving Service Reliability
Algiers Ferry Terminal Renovation
Rampart Streetcar Line Construction
Bus Rapid Transit
Downtown Transit Hub
Help and Contacts
Feedback and Customer Service
Frequently Asked Questions
Lost and Found
Stay Connected
Business Information
Gifts & Apparel
My Account
Mardi Gras Service Information
More Info
×
×
Menu
Mobile App (“Le Pass”) Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions
Home
Mobile App Privacy Policy / Terms and Conditions
Agreement Summary
The New Orleans Regional Transit Authority (RTA) mobile application, called “Le Pass” and referred to in this Agreement as “the App”, allows you to pay the fare to ride RTA buses, streetcars, and ferries. This Agreement and the RTA’s
Privacy Policy
govern your registration, access to, and use of, the App. If you are using the App on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept and agree to be bound by this Agreement on behalf of yourself and the entity that you represent.
By using the App and its Services, or completing the registration process, you, as the person seeking to use the App, represent that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by this Agreement
, which establishes a contract between you, RTA, Token Transit Inc., and Moovit Inc. If you do not agree to or do not understand this agreement, you must not use the App, and you must use another means to pay the fare required to ride RTA.
Tickets purchased through the App are stored on your phone. It is your responsibility to use a charged and properly operating mobile device with Internet connectivity to access and use the App. You are solely responsible at all times for the proper functioning of your mobile phone to show proof of payment.
You will need to provide your payment (credit card) information to use the App to pay for your fare. If you are registering on behalf of an entity, you must provide personal contact and payment information about that entity. You agree that the information you provide is accurate and complete, and you agree to update that information if it changes. Your failure to provide accurate and complete information will be a breach of this Agreement and may result in termination of your account and of denial of access to the App.
Information collected will only be used for the processing of your payment and will not be shared with any third parties for other uses
. An active internet connection is required to access and use fare’s purchased through the App.
Any questions, issues, or concerns regarding the App must be directed to RTA’s customer service.
You can contact Rideline by dialing 504-248-3900 or by visiting
https://www.norta.com/help-and-contacts/feedback-and-customer-service
.
By accessing the Website and applying to use the App, you represent and affirm that you are at least 18 years of age or have the permission of a parent or guardian.
By using the App, you represent and affirm that you have the legal authority to access and use the credit card registered with the App and the Website for the payment of Fares. Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be settled by the Orleans Civil District Court.
Terms of Service
The New Orleans Regional Transit Authority (“
RTA
”, “
we
”, “
our
”, or the “
Agency
”) welcomes you (the “
User
” or “
you
”) to our website(s) at https://www.norta.com/ and to our downloadable mobile application (the “
App
” or “
Le Pass
”) and related public transportation information and payment services (collectively referred to as the “
Service
”, as further detailed below).
By entering, connecting to, accessing or using the Service, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the following terms and conditions, including the terms of our Privacy Policy available at
https://www.norta.com/privacy-policy
(collectively, the “
Terms
”) and you agree to be bound by them and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding your use of the Service and you acknowledge that these Terms constitute a binding and enforceable legal contract between RTA and you. These Terms of Service are a legally binding contract between you and RTA regarding your use of the Service.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT, CONNECT, ACCESS, DOWNLOAD, OR USE THE SERVICE IN ANY MANNER.
By acceptance of the Terms, you represent that any and all information you provide us through the Service is true and accurate. The provision of any false or fraudulent information is strictly prohibited.
You further consent to receive communications from us electronically. We may communicate with you a variety of ways, such as by e-mail, in-app push notifications, or by notices and messages on the App. You may revoke your consent to any individually targeted communications at any time.
1. RTA Mobile Application Service
PLEASE NOTE
: The App and the site make use of detailed location and route information, including in the form of GPS signals and other information sent by your mobile device on which the service is activated. Certain features of the Service cannot be provided without this technology. These features of the App are provided by Moovit Inc. (Moovit) on behalf of RTA and further details are available in
Moovit Privacy Notice
.
RTA provides Users with a mobile application platform and web services enabling Users to plan and optimize public transportation trips. This includes providing Users with public transit related information, including live, offline and online map information, line and station views, routing, live arrivals and departures, estimated times of arrival and service alerts. It also includes relevant information including location of transit stops, name of transit agency, timetable and frequency of transit routes, delivers transit-related alerts and User advisories, as well as information regarding points of interest in the vicinity. The App further offers a dedicated platform for contribution of transit related data and information, including real-time and other user generated crowd sourced data and information, as well as data from other transit related Services and other alternative transportation methods, all in order to assist Users to plan and optimize transportation trips. (collectively, the “Public Transit Information”).
The App also integrates, provides and collaborates with third party providers to provide, additional transit and transit-related services, such as, but not limited to, on-demand transit services such as taxi-ride platforms and service providers, public bike-sharing services, car-on-demand rental services and related payment services. As part of the Public Transit Information RTA also delivers to Users information about such third party transit-related services. RTA continuously updates its Service with new offerings of new transportation means and transit related services and features, some of which may be experimental and/or offered in limited locations.
Your use of the additional transit and transit-related services, including on-demand transit services is subject to the terms of use of the third parties how provide such services.
2. Accounts
You must create an account with the App (“User Account”). Creating a User Account is not necessary for the use of the RTA Mobile Application Services, except that it might be required to enjoy specific features of the RTA Mobile Application Services.
Creating a User Account will allow you to add and retrieve (e.g. when downloading the Application on a different device) the following information: home address, work address or other favorite destinations, public transportation lines and stations and/or routes you may have saved, data reports provided by you as part of your User Content (as defined below), your in-app settings, your rank and user profile (“User Information”). RTA’s collection and use of your User Information as well as additional information about your travel habits which Moovit may collect, as set forth and subject to the Moovit’s Privacy Notice available at
https://moovit.com/legal/privacy-policy-en/
A User Account will also allow you to add payment information for the purchase of fares, discussed in detail below. Payment information collected will only be used for the processing of your payment and will not be shared with any third parties for other uses.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your Account. You are required to create a password for your User Account and if you have reason to believe that your User Account is no longer secure, then you must immediately notify us at
support@moovit.com
.
3. Eligibility
You must be at least eighteen (18) years of age to use the Service. By agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant to us: (i) that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age; and (ii) if the User of the Services is under the age of eighteen (18) or is under the age of legal eligibility and capacity in the jurisdiction applicable to such User you hereby confirm that you are the legal guardian of the User and both you and the User have read and agreed to these Terms and approved of the User’s continued use of the Service subject to these Terms; (iii) that you have not previously been suspended or removed from the Service; and (iii) that your use of the Service is in compliance with any and all applicable laws and regulations.
If you are using the Service on behalf of an entity, organization, or company, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind such organization to these Terms and you agree to be bound by these Terms on behalf of such organization.
4. Using the App to Purchase Fares
The Service allows you to purchase transit tickets which are listed and described in the App (the “
Ticket(s)
”). Creating an account and accessing some of the features of the Services are free; you will only be charged the price of the Ticket when you buy Tickets through the Service. Additional Ticket terms may apply. Tickets may expire after a certain period of time, as noted when purchasing Tickets and/or on the Agency’s website.
Discounted or Priority Rider Fare
. When you purchase a discounted or priority rider ticket on the App you must confirm eligibility. For more information on discounted and priority rider fares please see:
https://www.norta.com/ride-with-us/how-to-pay/fares
.
5. Billing
When you purchase a Ticket through the Services, you will pay the amount of the Ticket as presented to you. Your payment is processed at the time you make your purchase. We reserve the right to change the permitted methods of payment (“Payment Method”), including without limitation, the credit cards that may be used with the Services, at any time. If complete payment is not received and verified at the time of your Purchase, your order will be cancelled and will not be processed.
The processing of payments will be subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of the provider of Ticket purchasing in the App, Token Transit Inc. and third party payment processor, collectively known as “Payment Processor”) in addition to these Terms. By agreeing to purchase a Ticket(s), you authorize RTA, through the Payment Processor, to initiate a charge to your Payment Method for the total purchase price of the Ticket(s). If RTA, through the Payment Processor, are unable to process payment from you, you agree to pay all amounts due on your Billing Account upon demand. The Payment Processor is responsible for settling Ticket payments to the Agency.
You may use Tickets and Program Passes you purchase in accordance with any applicable additional Ticket terms.
Purchased passes and tickets are saved to your account electronically for later use as soon as your purchase is confirmed. To use your pass or ticket, a connection to the internet is required.
6. Current Information Required
You must provide current, complete and accurate information for your billing account, including your payment method. You must promptly update all information to keep your billing account current, complete and accurate (such as a change in billing address, email address, debit or credit card number, or debit or credit card expiration date), and you must promptly notify us if your payment method is cancelled (e.g., for loss or theft) or if you become aware of a potential breach of security, such as the unauthorized disclosure or use of your user name or password. Changes to such information can be made in the App. If you fail to provide any of the foregoing information, you agree that we may terminate your account. If we receive any updated information about your payment method from your bank or card issuer, you authorize us to update your billing account with such updated information and continuing charging the updated payment method, when you make a purchase through the Service.
7. Live Vehicle Position
Live vehicle positioning provided by the App is for basic location purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is needed or where erroneous, inaccurate or incomplete location data is found as the vehicles displayed are updated every 6-10 seconds. RTA does not guarantee the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of location data tracked or displayed by the App.
8. User Representations and Undertakings
There are certain conducts, which are strictly prohibited on and/or with respect to the Site and/or the App. Your failure to comply with the provisions set forth below may result (at RTA’s sole discretion) in the termination or suspension of your access to the Site and/or App and may also expose you to civil and/or criminal liability.
You may not, whether by yourself or anyone on your behalf:
(i) copy, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Service (or any part thereof); (ii) use the Service and/or in connection with any spam, unsolicited mail, harassment, wire fraud or similar conduct; (iii) interfere with or violate any other User or other third party’s right to privacy or other rights including intellectual property rights, or harvest or collect personally identifiable information about any Users of the Service without their express consent, including using any robot, spider, site search or retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, or data-mine; (iv) defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights of others; (v) transmit or otherwise make available in connection with the Service any virus, worm, Trojan Horse, time bomb, web bug, spyware, or any other computer code, file, or program that may or is intended to damage or hijack the operation of any hardware, software, or telecommunications equipment, or any other actually or potentially harmful, disruptive, or invasive code or component; (vi) interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Service, or the servers or networks that host the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of such servers or networks; (vii) sell, license, or exploit for any commercial purposes any use of or access to the Service; (viii) frame or mirror any part of this Site without RTA’s prior express written authorization; (viv) create a database by systematically downloading and storing all or any of the content from the Service; (x) impersonate any person or entity or provide false or misleading personal information; (xi) use the Service for any illegal, immoral or unauthorized purpose; (xii) use the Service for non personal or commercial purposes without RTA’s express prior written consent.
10. User Generated Content
Certain features of the Service may permit Users to post and edit content, nickname, map data, transit related data, text, photos, report data gaps or errors and other types of works (collectively, “
User Content
”) and to publish User Content on the Service. Please ensure that when you use the Service, you respect the rights of others including any intellectual property, other proprietary rights and privacy rights of third parties who may have an interest or right in connection with the User Content you upload and/or provide to the RTA Mobile Application or the Service. RTA will not bear any liability for any loss, damage, cost, or expense that you may suffer or incur as a result of or in connection with uploading any User Content. Some User Content may only be contributed by you if you have created a User Account.
You hereby further acknowledge and agree that the User Content is non-confidential. You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing such User Content, on the Service, in any way. You hereby warrant that your User Content is true, current, accurate and complete.
You represent and warrant that you are the rightful owner of the User Content you upload to the Service or that you have (and will continue to have) all the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions from the rightful owners of such User Content and/or the subjects of such User Content (e.g. individuals appearing in any photos uploaded by the User, if such subjects’ consent is required under applicable laws) and that such User Content does not infringe any third party’s intellectual property rights or other rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, or any other intellectual property rights.
IT IS THE USER’S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO OBTAIN ANY AND ALL CONSENTS REQUIRED UNDER ANY APPLICABLE LAWS, REGARDING THE POSTING OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION OF OTHERS WHICH IS PART OF THE USER CONTENT, INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE UPLOADING OF ANY PHOTOS AND TO ADHERE TO ANY APPLICABLE STATE AND FEDERAL LAWS REGARDING SUCH INFORMATION.
Without derogating from the above, you expressly agree that the User Content that you post or upload will not include (i) any spam, unsolicited promotions, advertising, contests or raffles; (ii) content which is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, harassing, offensive, indecent, pornographic, abusive, fraudulent, threatening or vulgar; (iii) content that unlawfully discriminates on the basis of race, origin, ethnicity, nationality, religion, gender, occupation, sexual orientation, illness, physical or mental disability, faith, political view or socio-economical class; (iv) content that encourages criminal behavior or conduct that would constitute a criminal offense under any law, or could give rise to civil liability or other lawsuit; or (v) content that might reasonably pose a risk to a person’s safety, security or health. The above examples of unlawful and prohibited User Content do not constitute an exhaustive list.
RTA is under no obligation to edit or control User Content that you or other Users post or publish, and will not be in any way responsible or liable for User Content. Although RTA has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the User Content, RTA explicitly reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to remove, edit, or block without giving any prior notice, any User Content available on the Service at any time and for any reason, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Content you post on the Service at your sole expense.
If notified by a User or content owner that User Content allegedly does not conform to these Terms, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove the User Content, which we reserve the right to do at any time and without notice. For clarity, RTA does not permit copyright-infringing activities on the Service.
When you upload, post, publish or make available any User Content on the Service, you grant to (i) RTA an irrevocable, perpetual, non exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, assignable, fully sub- licensable and worldwide license, to use, reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, display, copy, make available to the public and perform that User Content, along with the User Contacts that you submit in connection with such User Content, in connection with the Service, whether through the Internet, mobile devices or otherwise, in any media formats and through any media channels known today and developed in the future; and (ii) each User of the Service has a non exclusive and royalty-free license to access your User Content through the Service and to use such User Content for personal and non commercial purposes. RTA shall not bear any liability for any use by any third party of the User Content.
You acknowledge and understand that RTA may, at its sole discretion, delete or remove any of your User Content made available on the Service. You are solely responsible for the storage of your User Content.
11.
Privacy and How Your Information Is Used
RTA respects your privacy and is committed to protect the information you share with it. Our policy and practices and the type of information collected are described in this Agreement and in our Privacy Policy available at
https://www.norta.com/privacy-policy
. If you intend to connect to, access or use our Services you agree to the Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
RTA collects personal information from you and from any devices (including mobile devices) you use when you install or have the App installed (or pre-installed) on your device, or when you use or access our Services, register for an account with us, provide us with information such as your location, favorites and travel habits, information on a web form, run searches on our Services, update or add information to your account, or through correspondence you conduct with us.
For more details the specific information collected please see our App partner’s Moovit
privacy policy
and Token Transit’s
privacy policy
.
Use of Your Information
RTA may use information that we collect about you for the following purposes:
to provide you with and to operate the Services, including for aggregation, statistical and research purposes and to create and use aggregated anonymous data which is necessary to maintain, develop and improve RTA’s services, including to determine navigation and routes, connect riders, and, at times, calculate costs of trips.
to determine and ascertain User Accounts, verify User identity and enable Users, if relevant, to transfer or receive payments, which may include calculation of the costs for such services.
to track your trips and aid you with navigation
to process your payment for various features, such as ticketing.
to personalize the Services and the content provided to you, to customize your user experience with the Services, to communicate with Users about their trips, including transport recommendations based on your preferences and to enable you to retrieve your information.
to develop, improve and customize the Services, the experience of other Users and the offerings available through the Services.
to be able to contact Users for the purpose of providing them with technical assistance and support, to handle requests and complaints, and to collect feedback in connection with our performance of the Services and in connection with public transportation needs.
to send you updates, notices, announcements, and additional information related to the Services, such as changes in public transportation services or closures.
to be able to reply to User online queries in connection with performance of the Services.
to customize and improve the Service’s accuracy and interface.
to comply with any governmental agencies’ legal requests or court orders, and/or with any applicable law, rule or regulation, such as reporting an abusive user or fulfilling tax regulation obligations with regard to promotions and which require the use of User data.
to use the information to create statistical, aggregated or anonymous data which may be used at our discretion for any purpose
Retention of Your Usage and Location Data
The RTA will retain your usage and location data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes as outlined in this policy. We will retain and use your usage data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The RTA will also retain usage and location data for internal analysis purposes. Usage and location data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of the Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
12. Intellectual Property Rights
The Service, the User Content, the design, logos, graphics, icons, images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, Moovit’s proprietary software, algorithms and any and all intellectual property rights pertaining thereto, including, without limitation, inventions, patents and patent applications, trademarks, trade names, logos, copyrightable materials, graphics, text, images, designs (including the “look and feel” of the Service and any part thereof), specifications, methods, procedures, information, know-how, data, technical data, interactive features, source and object code, files, interface, GUI and trade secrets, whether or not registered and/or capable of being registered (collectively, “Intellectual Property”), are owned and/or licensed to RTA, and are subject to copyright and other applicable intellectual property rights. You may not copy, distribute, display, execute publicly, make available to the public, emulate, reduce to human readable form, decompile, disassemble, adapt, sublicense, make any commercial use, sell, rent, lend, process, compile, reverse engineer, combine with other software, translate, modify or create derivative works of any material that is subject to RTA’s proprietary rights, including RTA’s Intellectual Property, either by yourself or by anyone on your behalf, in any way or by any means, unless expressly permitted in the Terms.
All logos and other proprietary identifiers used by RTA in connection with the Service, (“
RTA Trademarks
”) are all trademarks and/or trade names of RTA, whether or not registered. All other trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos, which may appear on or with respect to the Service belong to their respective owners (“
Third Party Marks
”). No right, license, or interest to RTA Trademarks and/or to the Third Party Marks is granted hereunder, and you agree that no such right, license, or interest shall be asserted by you with respect to RTA Trademarks or the Third Party Marks and therefore you will avoid using any of those marks, unless expressly permitted herein.
You are hereby prohibited from removing or deleting any and all copyright notices, restrictions and signs indicating proprietary rights of RTA and/or its licensors, including copyright mark [©] or trademark [® or ™] contained in or accompanying the Service, and you represent and warrant that you will abide by all applicable laws in this respect. You are further prohibited from using, diluting or staining any name, mark or logo that is identical, or confusingly similar to any of RTA marks and logos, whether registered or not.
13. Third Party Services
The Service may be linked to and/or through certain third party websites and other third party services (collectively, “
Third Party Services
”). Such Third Party Services are independent from the Service. You hereby acknowledge that RTA has no control over such Third Party Services, and further acknowledge and agree that RTA is not responsible for the availability of Third Party Services, and does not endorse nor is it responsible or liable for any goods, services, content, advertisements, products, or any materials available on and/or through such Third Party Services.
You further acknowledge and agree that RTA shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss whatsoever caused, or alleged to be caused, by or in connection with use of or reliance on any goods, services, content, products or other materials available on or through any Third Party Services. Most Third Party Services provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policy, governing the use of each such Third Party Services, their contents and services. We encourage you to read these legal documents carefully before using any such Third Party Services.
14. Third Party Components
The Service may use or include third party software, files and components that are subject to open source and third party license terms (“Third Party Components”). Your right to use such Third Party Components as part of, or in connection with, the Service is subject to any applicable acknowledgements and license terms accompanying such Third Party Components, contained therein or related thereto. If there is a conflict between the licensing terms of such Third Party Components and these Terms, the licensing terms of the Third Party Components shall prevail only in connection with the related Third Party Components. These Terms do not apply to any Third Party Components accompanying or contained in the Service and RTA disclaims all liability related thereto. You acknowledge that RTA is not the author, owner or licensor of any Third Party Components, and that RTA makes no warranties or representations, express or implied, as to the quality, capabilities, operations, performance or suitability of Third Party Components. Under no circumstances shall the Service or any portion thereof (except for the Third Party Components contained therein) be deemed to be “open source” or “publicly available” software.
15. Availability
The Service availability and functionality depends on various factors, such as communication networks software, hardware, and RTA’s service providers and contractors. RTA does not warrant or guarantee that the Service will operate and/or be available at all times without disruption or interruption, or that it will be immune from unauthorized access error-free.
16. Changes to the Service
RTA reserves the right to modify, correct, amend, enhance, improve, make any other changes to, or discontinue, temporarily or permanently the Service (or any part thereof, including but not limited to the Content) without notice, at any time and at its sole discretion. In addition, you hereby acknowledge that the Content provided under the Service may be changed, extended in terms of content and form or removed at any time without any notice to you. You agree that RTA shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of our Service.
17. Disclaimer and Warranties
User acknowledges by agreeing to the terms herein that RTA provides no warranties as to the performance, correctness, functionality, or suitability of the service for any particular purpose. RTA does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use, the inability to use or operate, or the results of the use of the content available on the service. the service (and any part thereof), including without limitation any content, data and information related thereto, are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without any warranties of any kind, express or implied, including warranties of title or non- infringement or implied warranties of use, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use.
RTA disclaims and makes no representations or warranties as to the usability, accuracy, quality, availability, reliability, suitability, completeness, truthfulness, usefulness, or effectiveness of any content, data, results, or other information obtained or generated in connection with your or any user’s use of the service.
RTA does not warrant that the operation of the service is or will be secure, accurate, complete, uninterrupted, without error, or free of viruses, worms, other harmful components, or other program limitations. RTA may, at its sole discretion and without an obligation to do so, correct, modify, amend, enhance, improve and make any other changes to the service at any time, or discontinue displaying or providing any content or features without any notice to you.
You agree and acknowledge that the use of the service, including use of and/or reliance on any content available through the service, is entirely, or otherwise to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, at your own risk.
18. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall RTA be liable for any damages whatsoever, including direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages of any kind, resulting from or arising out of the service, use or inability to use the service, failure of the service to perform as represented or expected, loss of goodwill, data or profits, the performance or failure to perform under these terms, and any other act or omission or by any other cause whatsoever, including without limitation damages arising from the conduct of any users and/or third party services.
No action may be brought by you for any breach of these terms more than one (1) year after the accrual of such cause of action.
Such limitations, exclusions and disclaimers shall apply to all claims for damages, whether based in an action of contract, warranty, strict liability, negligence, tort, or otherwise. you hereby acknowledge and agree that these limitations of liability are agreed allocations of risk constituting in part the consideration for RTA’s services to you, and such limitations will apply notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy, and even if RTA has been advised of the possibility of such liabilities and/or damages. the foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction and in no event shall RTA’s cumulative liability to you exceed amounts paid to RTA for use of the service. if you have not made any payments to RTA for the use of the service, then RTA shall not have any liability towards you.
19. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless RTA from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs, debts, fines, late fees, cancellation fees and expenses (including attorney’s fees) arising directly or indirectly from: (i) your use of the Service (or any part thereof); (ii) breach of any term of these Terms by you; (iii) any damage of any sort, whether direct, indirect, special or consequential, you may cause to any third party which relates to your use of (or inability to use) the Service; (iv) your violation of any third party intellectual property rights, privacy rights or other rights through your use of the Service or provision of information to the Service (including but not limited to obtaining consents from the requisite parties); and (v) your violation of any applicable law or regulation.
20. Amendment of Terms
RTA may change the Terms from time to time, at its sole discretion and without any notice, including the Privacy Policy at:  https://www.norta.com/privacy-policy. Substantial changes of these Terms will be first notified on the Service regarding such changes to the email address that is registered under your Account. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided. Otherwise, all other changes to these Terms are effective as of twenty-one (21) days as of the date stated as “Last Updated”, and your continued use of the Service after the Last Updated date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. Please note that in the event that the Terms should be amended to comply with any legal requirements, such amendments may take effect immediately and without any prior notice, as may be required by law.
21. Termination of Service
You may stop using the Service at any time. You may cancel your account by contacting us at
mktgsupport@rtaforward.org
; please refer to our
Privacy Policy
to understand how we treat information you provide to us after you have stopped using our Services.
At any time, RTA may block your access to our Service and/or temporarily or permanently limit, suspend or terminate your access to the Service, for any reason, at its sole discretion, in addition to any other remedies that may be available to RTA under any applicable law. Such actions by RTA may be taken if RTA deems that you have breached any of these Terms in any manner.
Additionally, RTA may at any time, at its sole discretion, cease the operation of our Service or any part thereof, temporarily, or permanently, without giving any prior notice. You agree and acknowledge that RTA does not assume any responsibility with respect to, or in connection with the termination of our Service’s operation and loss of any data.
22. Contact
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning the Terms or the Service, you are welcome to send us an email to the following address, and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe:
mktgsupport@rtaforward.org
.
By contacting us, you represent that you are free to do so and that you will not knowingly provide RTA with information that infringes upon third parties’ rights, including any intellectual property rights. You further acknowledge that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any and all rights, including intellectual property rights in such information provided, shall belong exclusively to RTA, and RTA may use or refrain from using any such information at its sole discretion.
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.norta.com/privacy-policy:
Home
Rider Tools
Live Arrivals
Trip Planner
System Overview
Service Alerts
Ride With Us
Survey
How to Pay
Know Before You Go
Popular Destinations
Changes That May Affect Your Ride
Get to Know Us
Who We Are
News and Events
Board of Commissioners
Executive Leadership
Doing Business with Us
Panels & Committees
Regional Transit Funding
Jobs
Documents & Reports
Equity and Inclusion
Current Projects
Mobility Hubs Improvement
Better Bus Stops
Improving Service Reliability
Algiers Ferry Terminal Renovation
Rampart Streetcar Line Construction
Bus Rapid Transit
Downtown Transit Hub
Help and Contacts
Feedback and Customer Service
Frequently Asked Questions
Lost and Found
Stay Connected
Business Information
Gifts & Apparel
My Account
RTA extends its face mask requirements.
More Info
×
×
Menu
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Purpose
This policy describes privacy practices regarding information collected from the New Orleans Regional Transit Authority (NORTA) website. It contains information about what data are collected and how that information is used. This policy may be updated periodically, so please check back from time to time.
This policy applies only to official NORTA website,
www.norta.com
. When you follow a link to another web site, even the site of another governmental agency, you are subject to the privacy policy of that site. You should check the privacy policies of each of these sites if you have questions about how they handle personally identifiable information.
Automatic Collection of Certain Information
No personally identifiable information is collected from visitors who simply browse this site or who download information from it. While our web servers maintain logs of user activity to help us manage the website, information stored in these logs does not identify you personally. The logs store things such the domain name and IP address from which you access our site, the type of browser and operating system you used, the date and time you accessed our site, the pages visited and the address of the site that you linked to us from (if you linked to our web site from another website).
We use this information to learn how many visitors we have, where they are coming from, which parts of our web site are of most interest to visitors, and other facts that will help us improve the website and the services we offer.
If You Send Us Personal Information
Visitors who request services through this site may be required to furnish additional information in order for us to provide the service requested. The additional information collected will be no more specific than if the visitor were requesting the service by any other means, including by telephone or an in-person visit to a city or parish facility. If you participate in a survey, send us an email or submit an online form, your email address and the other information you volunteered will be collected. We may share this information with other governmental agencies or organizations to provide the help you are requesting. We may also use that information to help assess user needs and analyze trends. Certain types of personal information constitute public records, which means that we must provide it to persons making public records requests. However, this does not include the account numbers you use for electronic payment, public enterprise billing information and certain other types of protected information.
Electronic Transactions
If you use this web site for electronic commerce, we may collect, process and disclose your name, address and payment information (if applicable) to the extent necessary to complete the online transaction and for record-keeping activities as billing, permits and licenses. All information entered on the site will only be used for the processing of your payment and will not be shared with any third parties for other uses. All payments are processed by an independent service provider. Please note that your information and transaction is processed through Chase Payment Tech SDK, which provides powerful encryption to protect your data.
Your account information is password-protected for your privacy and security. We use industry-standard 128 bit SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions in certain areas such as our shopping-cart and account pages. We also do everything in our power to protect user data offline. This includes multiple security access points for both on premise storage and off-premise backup.
Privacy of Email Lists
NORTA maintains e-mail lists of those individuals or organizations that have specifically opted to receive updates and other information from NORTA. These lists include members of the media and interested members of the general public who have specifically requested to be kept informed about NORTA. Under current Louisiana law, these email lists are public records and we must provide them to anyone who makes a public records request, except to the extent they contain public enterprise billing information or other information protected from disclosure by law.
Length of Time Data Will Be Stored / How to Unsubscribe:
Unless you request that we delete any of the information you submitted when you registered for any electronic updates and/or newsletters we may offer, we may store such information indefinitely. You can "unsubscribe" to any newsletters, notices, schedules, etc., sent to you automatically by email in one of the following ways:
Each email sent to you provides an automatic way to unsubscribe to a mailing list;
You can unsubscribe on the same web page that you used to subscribe; or
You can unsubscribe by accessing the user profile you created when you initially subscribed
Security
Some information that you submit to us through this web site may be protected by encryption technology, whereas other information may not. Unless a particular web page on this site indicates that encryption technology is being used, you should not assume that information you submit through that web page will be secure. If you submit information to our server through a web page containing visible indicators of active encryption technology, we will take reasonable precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of such information. However, no web site can protect itself against all eventualities. NORTA will not be held liable for any injury caused by the disclosure of your information, whether by security breach, accident, inadvertence, or any other act resulting in disclosure.
Use of Cookies
Cookies or other technology may transfer information from this web site to your hard disk for recordkeeping purposes. Cookies or similar technology can make the Internet more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The use of cookies or similar technology is an industry standard, and this website, like many other web sites, uses them to provide useful features for our users. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify you, although they do identify your computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of this web site if you do so.
Public Records
NORTA is governed by the public records laws. This means that the information we receive online might be disclosed to any person making a public records request. Certain types of information (such as public enterprise billing information and the account numbers you use for electronic payment ) are exempt from disclosure as public records. For purposes of determining whether information is a public record, information sent to us through this web site is treated the same as information sent to us by mail or delivered to us in person.
Children
No applications on this web site specifically solicit information from minors or seek to determine whether the visitor is a minor. Consequently, visitors should be aware that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children online or by email will be treated in the same manner as information given by an adult. Among other things, this means that it may become a public record and therefore may be subject to public access. We ask that parents guide their children when children are asked to provide personal information online. We ask that children get their parents' permission before providing any information to us.
Opting Out
While accessing our site, you may decline participation in any activity that asks for information (i.e. survey or email). Your choice not to participate will in no way affect your ability to use any other feature on our site.
Sub-policy 1
https://moovit.com/legal/privacy-policy-en/:
Scroll
Sub-policy 2
https://tokentransit.com/legal/privacy:
Riders
Download Token Transit
Download the app on iOS or Android.
Rider Support
Having trouble? We're here to help.
Smart Cards
Manage and reload your Smart Card.
Send a Pass
Send a Pass
Send a transit pass to anyone's phone.
Need Help?
Learn more about Send a Pass.
Transit Agencies
Fare Distribution
Make transit passes easily accessible.
Fare Collection
Modernize your fare collection.
Administration, Management, & Data
Easily manage your fares and collect rich data.
Rider Support & Engagement
Grow mobile fare adoption and support your riders.
Resources
Case Studies
Hear from your peer agencies.
Company
About
Learn more about Token Transit.
Contact Us
Reach out to us!
Customers
View our customer agencies near you.
Press
Read about Token Transit in the news.
Careers
View open roles at Token Transit.
Status
View the status of the Token Transit Platform.
Agency Log In
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Effective date: November 27, 2023
We at Token Transit know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy which applies to your use of our website(s), products, services and applications (the “
Services
”). By using or accessing the Services in any manner, or by otherwise providing us with personal information, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the ways described in this Policy.
Our Services allow you to buy (or receive) and use transit passes with participating transit agencies (“
Agency
” or “
Agencies
”) through our mobile applications (also referred to as the “
TT App
”) or through third party applications (including mobile applications and/or websites) that integrate with our Services if you have agreed to use the Services through such third party applications (each a “
Third Party App with TT Integration
”). Remember that your use of Token Transit’s Services is at all times subject to the
Terms of Use
, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the
Terms of Use
.
Where we collect or process personal information for a transit Agency, additional terms and notices may apply. You may find these, and contact information for the transit agencies we work with
here
. This Privacy Policy includes the following sections. You should read the entire policy; however, you may use the links below to be directed to the information you are seeking:
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Policy applies to Personal Information, and to other information we gather when you use the Services. It does not apply to the practices of companies we don’t own, control, or manage.
Will Token Transit Ever Change This Privacy Policy?
This Policy may change, so you should review it frequently. If you use the Services after any changes, you agree to the changes.
What Information Does Token Transit Collect and How Is It Used?
Information You Provide To Us.
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. This may include your name, email address, and phone number, email address, payment information such as cardholder information, credit card or debit card and bank information. We use this information to process your transactions and to communicate with you.
Information You Provide for Identity Verification.
We may prompt you to verify your identity with our identity verification services partner if you want to take advantage of discounts that Agencies offer. Our identity verification partner will separately collect your information consistent with its privacy notice and terms of use.
Information Collected Automatically.
When you use the Services, we receive information from your browser or device, including IP address, geolocation data, device identification, “cookie” information, usage patterns, and the type of browser and/or device you’re using. We use this to recognize your browser or device, determine what pages and features of the Services are visited and by how many people, and to customize content and improve the Services.
Third Party App with TT Integration: Information Provided to Us by the Third Party App Provider.
If you use the Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration, the provider of the Third Party App may provide us with personal information linked to your account, such as email or name, session information such as IP address, GPS location, and session token, payment information, and fare payment information (such as transit agency name, fare category and price).
Transit Program Passes: Information Provided to Us by Transit Agencies and Participating Employers and Institutions.
If you participate in a Transit Program offered with an Agency or other institution, the institution offering the Transit Program may provide us unique identifiers such as email address or employee ID, to allow you to participate in the Program. We may share information with the Transit Program Provider to allow them to administer the program, including information such as whether you signed up with us, if you activated or purchased a pass and information about pass use.
Location Information.
We use precise and non-precise location-based data, which may be from your device’s WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS data, cellular data, and other device settings, even when the TT App or a Third Party App with TT Integration is in “background” mode. Some Transit Agencies use ‘beacons’ on their vehicles, and this technology may allow us to determine the distance between your device and those beacons. We may use this information for promotional purposes, to allow you to use the app on the vehicles of some Agencies without opening it, and for analytics. You may be able to adjust the settings on your device so location information is not sent to us. If you do, some features may not work.
Information Collected From Our Websites or Services and Do Not Track Policy.
We may use cookies to collect information about your activity on our Services and use it to improve the Services and customize your experience.
Information Collected From Our Validator.
If you live in a location that provides public transportation benefits to certain individuals, we may have access to your driver’s license number or other government ID number to facilitate your access to, and prevent fraud related to, such benefits when you use our service.
Will Token Transit Share Any of the Personal Information It Receives?
We may share personal information with an Agency to allow it to provide customer support, provide benefits, prevent fraud, and to verify your pass. We also share analytical data to allow the Agency to analyse use of its services. If you are in a Transit Program, we may share information with the entity that offers the program to allow its administration, and in accordance with the privacy policy of that entity. If you make a purchase from an affiliated business through the Service, we may share information related to that transaction with the affiliated business. If you use our Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration, we may provide the Third Party App Provider information required to enable your use of the Services through the Third Party App. We may also share information with agents, analytics services including Google Analytics, and service providers that assist us with the purposes we disclose, or if we enter a business transaction such as a sale or merger.
What Personal Information Can I Access?
You can access some of your information through your account. You may also have a right to access and request correction of your personal information under the applicable law.
How We Protect Personal Information.
While we employ physical, organizational and technological safeguards, no security can provide absolute protection, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide. We may transfer personal information to other countries, including to the United States.
What Choices Do I Have?
You can opt-out of some of our practices, including location tracking and our commercial communications.
What If I Have Questions About This Policy?
If you have questions, concerns, or would like to submit a complaint, you may contact us at help@tokentransit.com.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“
Personal Information
”) and other types of information that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage. We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information internally in connection with our Services, including to personalize, provide, and improve our services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Services. In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.
As noted in the
Terms of Use
, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 and believe that your child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at
help@tokentransit.com
.
We endeavor to protect the security of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by limiting access to your computer or device and browser, for example, by never sharing your log-in information.
Will Token Transit Ever Change This Privacy Policy?
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice in the TT App or in a Third Party App with TT Integration, on
tokentransit.com
, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive commercial emails from us we may still email you with these legal (and other service-related) notices; you are responsible for reviewing all updates to our Privacy Policy. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes.
What Information Does Token Transit Collect and How Is It Used?
Information You Provide to Us
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, through the registration process and/or through your account settings, we may collect Personal Information such as your name, email address, and phone number. If you make a purchase through the TT App or through a Third Party App with TT Integration, we may collect information or be provided with information by the provider of the Third Party App with Integration (“
Third Party App Provider
”) needed to process your transaction, and use and disclose it for that purpose. This information may include your email address, full name, and your payment information such as cardholder information, credit card or debit card and bank information. Certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
We may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, where permitted by law, we may send you promotional email offers regarding our Services, on behalf of other businesses, or email you about your use of the Services. If you provide us with your wireless phone number for the purpose of obtaining access to the TT App or use our Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration, you understand and agree that you will receive an access code to enable you to access and use the TT App or use our Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration via text message. This may be sent using automated dialing technology. If you make a purchase, you understand and agree that you may receive a receipt and other transaction documents at the email address you provide. Separately, if you confirm that you want to receive other text or email messages, Token Transit may send you information that may facilitate your use of the Services, which may include Token Transit using automated dialing technology to text you at the wireless number you provided. If you do not want to receive commercial communications from us, please indicate your preference by emailing
help@tokentransit.com
. If you opt-out, you may still receive transaction notices or receipts from us by email if you make a further purchase. We may also collect and use your Personal Information for other purposes which are permitted or required by applicable law, or which we disclose to you and you consent.
Information You Provide for Identity Verification
Some Agencies enable riders to receive discounts based on their status as a member of the military, a person with disabilities, a student, elderly, etc. Those Agencies may require proof of identity before they authorize a rider to receive the discount. TT partners with an identity verification company to obtain that proof in partnership with the Agency.
If you elect to receive a discount based on your status and are required to verify your identity, TT’s identity verification partner will separately collect your personal information, which is subject to its privacy notice and terms. TT does not receive the information you submit to our identity verification partner. The only information TT receives from our partner is an indication whether you are verified not, which TT will pass on to the Agency for the Agency’s records. Please see our identity verification partner’s privacy policy for more information about its data collection and use practices, which it makes available to you when you elect to have your identity verified.
Information Collected Automatically
Whenever you interact with our Services (including through the TT App or through a Third Party App with TT Integration), we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your IP address, geolocation data (see below, “Location Information”), device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Services, and the page or feature you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features (for example, you may need to allow for cookies if you want to remain logged into our website over repeat visits).
We may use this data to customize content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns. We may also use it to improve the Services – for example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the Services, and we can use that knowledge to make the Services interesting to as many users as possible.
Third Party App With TT Integration: Information Provided to Us by the Third Party App Provider
Whenever you interact with our Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration, the third party responsible for the Third Party App with TT Integration (the “
Third Party App Provider
”) may provide us with the following information so that we can provide the Services requested (e.g., make or validate a ticket purchase from within the Third Party App with TT Integration):
Personal Information to link your account with the Third Party App to TT, such as email or phone number;
User session information (each time you interact with the Services via the Third Party App), such as IP address, GPS location, and session token;
Tokenized payment information transmitted in a PCI compliant manner; and
Requested fare payment information (transit agency name, fare category and price, etc.).
If you are using a Third Party App and want to disable sharing of GPS and/or Bluetooth location information to TT, you may do so by disabling location services and/or Bluetooth within the mobile device and/or Third Party App settings, depending on the platform you use to access our Services. Please review the privacy policy and terms of the Third Party App Provider for more information; Token Transit has no control over and is not responsible for such third parties.
Transit Program Passes: Information Provided to Us by Transit Agencies and Participating Employers and Institutions
Some Agencies we work with have transit pass programs (each a “
Transit Program
”) through which the Agency, employers and other institutions enable their employees or other eligible participants to purchase or obtain Transit Program passes through the TT App or through a Third Party App with TT Integration (“
Program Passes
”). This may include, for example, employer and institution passes, as well as “paratransit” and other programs offered by the Agency. Token Transit is not responsible for any such Transit Program. Each Transit Program is offered by the applicable Agency and the participating employer/institution. The Agency offering the Transit Program or the employer or other institution participating in the Transit Program will provide us with unique identifiers, which may include Personal Information (such as your employee email address or employee ID), so that eligible participants are able to obtain Program Passes and participate in the Transit Program through the TT App or our Services via Third Party App with TT Integration. As described below in Program Passes, if you participate in a Transit Program and obtain a Program Pass, we will share information, which may include Personal Information, with the applicable employer, institution, and/or Agency for the purpose of allowing the Agency, employer, or institution to administer the Transit Program in accordance with its terms, and the privacy policy of the Agency, employer, or institution. This information may include, for example, whether the employee/participant signed up with Token Transit for the Transit Program, activated or purchased a pass, and how often the pass was used. We do not control and are not responsible for how the Agency, employer, or other institution participating in the Transit Program uses this information.
Location Information
How do we collect location information?
Our Services make use of precise (and non-precise) location-based data, which may be derived from your mobile device’s WiFi signal, Bluetooth signal, GPS data, your device’s cellular data, and other settings on your device. This data may be collected when your TT App or a Third Party App with TT Integration is in “background” mode, which means it may be collected even if your TT App or a Third Party App with TT Integration is not open, depending on your device settings for the TT App or Third Party App with TT Integration. Some Agencies use “beacons” on their vehicles in conjunction with our Services. These beacons emit a signal and if you have Bluetooth enabled on your device for the TT App or Third Party App with TT Integration, we are able to calculate the range between your device and the Agency beacon. The use of beacons with our Service improves our ability to connect the user to a specific vehicle. If you are using our Service through the TT App, we will provide you with notification of this location tracking, its purpose, and information regarding your options within the TT App. If you are using the Service through a Third Party App, the Third Party App Provider, not TT, is responsible for providing you with notification of this location tracking, its purpose, and information regarding your options within the Third Party App with TT Integration.
How do we use location information?
We use, and may share with Agencies, precise and non-precise location information for different purposes, including, (i) to present nearby options and promotions that may be relevant to you (for example, to select Agencies that are closest to you so you can purchase passes from them through the Service without having to locate and select the Agency manually in the TT App), (ii) with some Agencies to enable the use of the TT App to ride on vehicles without the need for you to open the TT App or provide visual verification that you purchased a pass, and (iii) for analytics purposes to improve our Service and the service of the Agencies; for example, in connection with Agencies we work with, we may use location data to determine when users of our Service board and depart vehicles, and at which stops, which helps determine how popular individual origin and destination stops are at different times of day and how many miles users of our Service have traveled. We may also share this location analytics data with Agencies for their own ridership reporting requirements and/or planning purposes (e.g., to help them improve their services). The Third Party App Provider may also collect location data when you use the Third Party App with TT Integration; TT is not responsible for any Third Party App Provider.
What choices do you have regarding collection of location information?
You may be able to adjust the settings of your device so that information about your physical location is not sent to us by (a) disabling location services and/or Bluetooth within the mobile device and/or mobile app settings, depending on the platform you use to access our Services or (b) denying certain websites or services permission to access location information by changing the relevant preferences and permissions in your browser settings.
Please be advised, for some features of our Service to function, you may be required to enable location services and/or Bluetooth for the TT App or the Third Party App (if you are using the Services through a Third Party App); in some cases opting out may disable your ability to use the Services or features within the TT App or Third Party App to buy and use transit passes (including when this is required by an Agency’s policy).
Information Collected From Our Websites or Services and Do Not Track Policy
Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity on our Services. Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Services and customize your experience on the Services, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy. Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites and services. Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services. We do not currently use online behavioral tracking advertising over time and across websites on our Services.
Information Collected From Our Validator.
If you live in a location that provides public transportation benefits to certain individuals, we may have access to your driver’s license number or other government ID number to facilitate your access to, and prevent fraud related to, such benefits when you use our service.
Will Token Transit Share Any of the Personal Information It Receives?
Although we may use information that is not Personal Information without restriction by this Privacy Policy, we do not rent or sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form, provided certain Personal Information may be transferred in connection with business transfers, as described below. We may share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this section:
Transit Agencies.
We may share your Personal Information with an Agency (a) to enable that Agency to provide you with customer support regarding your use of our Services with that Agency, (b) to provide you transportation-related benefits to which you may be entitled, (c) to prevent fraud related to such benefits, and (d) to allow the Agency to verify that you have an appropriate transit pass in the TT App or Third Party App with TT Integration when you ride the Agency’s vehicles, including Transit Program passes (described above). We may also share analytical data to assist the Agency in analyzing its services by sharing information such as when and where users of our Service board and depart Agency vehicles and the frequency that riders use different types Agency passes. We have no control over the policies and practices of Agencies as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to any Agencies, including purchasing transit passes for use with an Agency, please review their policies.
Program Passes.
If you participate in a Transit Program and obtain a Program Pass, we will share information, which may include Personal Information, with the applicable employer, institution, and/or Agency for the purpose of allowing the Agency, employer, or institution to administer the Transit Program in accordance with its terms, and the privacy policy of the Agency, employer, or institution. This information may include, for example, whether the employee/participant signed up with Token Transit for the Transit Program, activated or purchased a pass, and how often the pass was used. We do not control and are not responsible for how the Agency, employer, or other institution participating in the Transit Program uses this information.
Affiliated Businesses.
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites and services we’re affiliated with may sell or provide products or services to you through or in connection with the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we may share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites services as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or service, please review all such services’ or websites’ policies.
Agents and Service Providers.
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you; for example, we may use a payment processing company to receive and process your credit card transactions for us and a telecommunications company to send our text messages to you. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
Third Party App Providers.
When you use our Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration to purchase or use a transit pass, we may provide the Third Party App Provider information required to enable your use of the Services through the Third Party App with TT Integration, such as a Session ID (which is TT’s version of the account creation token), a pass ID, and payment verification information. The Third Party App Provider’s use of this data is subject to its own privacy policy. Please review the privacy policy and terms of the Third Party App Provider for more information; Token Transit has no control over and is not responsible for such third parties.
Payment Services.
We offer Stripe integration. All Stripe, Inc. transactions made through the Services (whether through the TT App or a Third Party App with TT Integration) are subject to the Stripe Privacy Policy available at https://stripe.com/privacy. We do not control Stripe’s use of the data it collects.
Business Transfers.
We may choose to buy assets or sell our business assets, and may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Information that’s been de-identified.
We may de-identify your Personal Information so that you are not identified as an individual, and provide that information to our partners without restriction. We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal experience.
Analytics.
Token Transit uses third party analytics services, including Google Analytics to collect and analyze this data, as described
here
.
Protection of Token Transit and Others.
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our
Terms of Use
and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Token Transit, our employees, our users, or others.
We may also disclose your Personal Information for other purposes which are permitted or required by applicable law, or which we disclose to you and your consent.
What Personal Information Can I Access?
Through your account settings, you may access, and, in some cases, edit or delete the following information you’ve provided to us:
name
email
address
user profile information
The information you can view, update, and delete through your account settings may change as the Services change. You may have a right under applicable law to request access to your Personal Information and to request a correction to it if you believe it is inaccurate. If you have submitted Personal Information to Token Transit and would like to have access to it, or if you would like to have it removed or corrected, please contact us at
help@tokentransit.com
. We will try to comply with your request; however, in some cases we may not be able to allow you to access certain Personal Information in certain circumstances, for example if it contains Personal Information of other persons, or for legal reasons. If you request access to your Personal Information, and we may charge you a fee for such access, you will be informed of such fee and will have the opportunity to choose whether to proceed. We may require you to verify your identity before we are able to provide you with your Personal Information. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at
help@tokentransit.com
.
How We Protect Personal Information
We help protect your Personal Information by maintaining physical, organizational and technological safeguards intended to help protect against unauthorized use, disclosure or access. Personal Information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third-party service providers and the other entities described in this privacy policy, who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated above, or such other purposes as may be permitted or required by the applicable law. Personal Information we collect is managed from our offices located in San Francisco, United States.
The length of time we retain Personal Information varies, depending on the purpose for which it was collected and the nature of the information. This period may extend beyond the end of your relationship with us.
Although we have taken measures to help protect Personal Information that we have collected from unauthorized use, access, disclosure, misuse, alteration or destruction, no security measures can provide absolute protection. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
Some or all of the Personal Information we collect may be stored or processed on servers located outside your jurisdiction of residence, including in the United States, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live. As a result, this information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those jurisdictions according to laws in those jurisdictions.
What Choices Do I Have?
You can always opt not to disclose certain information to us, and you may be able to opt out of or disable certain location tracking features as described above, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us and use the Services or to take advantage of some of our features.
You may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained above. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may request deletion of your account by contacting
help@tokentransit.com
. Some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
What If I Have Questions About This Policy?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, or would like to access or correct your personal information or to submit a complaint, please send us a detailed message to
help@tokentransit.com
, and we will try to resolve your concerns. You may also contact our Privacy Officer at: 1015 Fillmore St. PMB 68827 San Francisco, CA 94115.
‍
Sub-policy 3
https://www.norta.com/help-and-contacts/business-information/privacy-notice:
Home
Rider Tools
Live Arrivals
Trip Planner
System Overview
Service Alerts
Ride With Us
Survey
How to Pay
Know Before You Go
Popular Destinations
Changes That May Affect Your Ride
Get to Know Us
Who We Are
News and Events
Board of Commissioners
Executive Leadership
Doing Business with Us
Panels & Committees
Regional Transit Funding
Jobs
Documents & Reports
Equity and Inclusion
Current Projects
Mobility Hubs Improvement
Better Bus Stops
Improving Service Reliability
Algiers Ferry Terminal Renovation
Rampart Streetcar Line Construction
Bus Rapid Transit
Downtown Transit Hub
Help and Contacts
Feedback and Customer Service
Frequently Asked Questions
Lost and Found
Stay Connected
Business Information
Gifts & Apparel
My Account
Mardi Gras Service Information
More Info
×
×
Menu
Privacy Notice
Home
Help and Contacts
Business Information
Privacy Notice
Purpose
This policy describes privacy practices regarding information collected from the New Orleans Regional Transit Authority (NORTA) website. It contains information about what data are collected and how that information is used. This policy may be updated periodically, so please check back from time to time.
This policy applies only to official NORTA website,
www.norta.com
. When you follow a link to another web site, even the site of another governmental agency, you are subject to the privacy policy of that site. You should check the privacy policies of each of these sites if you have questions about how they handle personally identifiable information.
Automatic Collection of Certain Information
No personally identifiable information is collected from visitors who simply browse this site or who download information from it. While our web servers maintain logs of user activity to help us manage the website, information stored in these logs does not identify you personally. The logs store things such the domain name and IP address from which you access our site, the type of browser and operating system you used, the date and time you accessed our site, the pages visited and the address of the site that you linked to us from (if you linked to our web site from another website).
We use this information to learn how many visitors we have, where they are coming from, which parts of our web site are of most interest to visitors, and other facts that will help us improve the website and the services we offer.
If You Send Us Personal Information
Visitors who request services through this site may be required to furnish additional information in order for us to provide the service requested. The additional information collected will be no more specific than if the visitor were requesting the service by any other means, including by telephone or an in-person visit to a city or parish facility. If you participate in a survey, send us an email or submit an online form, your email address and the other information you volunteered will be collected. We may share this information with other governmental agencies or organizations to provide the help you are requesting. We may also use that information to help assess user needs and analyze trends. Certain types of personal information constitute public records, which means that we must provide it to persons making public records requests. However, this does not include the account numbers you use for electronic payment, public enterprise billing information and certain other types of protected information.
Electronic Transactions
If you use this web site for electronic commerce, we may collect, process and disclose your name, address and payment information (if applicable) to the extent necessary to complete the online transaction and for record-keeping activities as billing, permits and licenses. All information entered on the site will only be used for the processing of your payment and will not be shared with any third parties for other uses. All payments are processed by an independent service provider. Please note that your information and transaction is processed through Chase Payment Tech SDK, which provides powerful encryption to protect your data.
Your account information is password-protected for your privacy and security. We use industry-standard 128 bit SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions in certain areas such as our shopping-cart and account pages. We also do everything in our power to protect user data offline. This includes multiple security access points for both on premise storage and off-premise backup.
Privacy of Email Lists
NORTA maintains e-mail lists of those individuals or organizations that have specifically opted to receive updates and other information from NORTA. These lists include members of the media and interested members of the general public who have specifically requested to be kept informed about NORTA. Under current Louisiana law, these email lists are public records and we must provide them to anyone who makes a public records request, except to the extent they contain public enterprise billing information or other information protected from disclosure by law.
Length of Time Data Will Be Stored / How to Unsubscribe:
Unless you request that we delete any of the information you submitted when you registered for any electronic updates and/or newsletters we may offer, we may store such information indefinitely. You can "unsubscribe" to any newsletters, notices, schedules, etc., sent to you automatically by email in one of the following ways:
Each email sent to you provides an automatic way to unsubscribe to a mailing list;
You can unsubscribe on the same web page that you used to subscribe; or
You can unsubscribe by accessing the user profile you created when you initially subscribed
Security
Some information that you submit to us through this web site may be protected by encryption technology, whereas other information may not. Unless a particular web page on this site indicates that encryption technology is being used, you should not assume that information you submit through that web page will be secure. If you submit information to our server through a web page containing visible indicators of active encryption technology, we will take reasonable precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of such information. However, no web site can protect itself against all eventualities. NORTA will not be held liable for any injury caused by the disclosure of your information, whether by security breach, accident, inadvertence, or any other act resulting in disclosure.
Use of Cookies
Cookies or other technology may transfer information from this web site to your hard disk for recordkeeping purposes. Cookies or similar technology can make the Internet more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The use of cookies or similar technology is an industry standard, and this website, like many other web sites, uses them to provide useful features for our users. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify you, although they do identify your computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of this web site if you do so.
Public Records
NORTA is governed by the public records laws. This means that the information we receive online might be disclosed to any person making a public records request. Certain types of information (such as public enterprise billing information and the account numbers you use for electronic payment ) are exempt from disclosure as public records. For purposes of determining whether information is a public record, information sent to us through this web site is treated the same as information sent to us by mail or delivered to us in person.
Children
No applications on this web site specifically solicit information from minors or seek to determine whether the visitor is a minor. Consequently, visitors should be aware that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children online or by email will be treated in the same manner as information given by an adult. Among other things, this means that it may become a public record and therefore may be subject to public access. We ask that parents guide their children when children are asked to provide personal information online. We ask that children get their parents' permission before providing any information to us.
Opting Out
While accessing our site, you may decline participation in any activity that asks for information (i.e. survey or email). Your choice not to participate will in no way affect your ability to use any other feature on our site.