Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last updated on 12th October 2021
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about our information privacy practices and your privacy rights. We publish and market video games around the world and promote and market technology products globally. The success of our business relies on protecting your personal information and your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect, how we collect it, how we use,store and share the information, your choices related to our information requests and how we protect your information.
When we refer to “us”, “we”, “our” or “Surprise Attack” it includes Surprise Attack Pty Ltd and its trading names of Fellow Traveller Games and Double Jump Communications.
Types Of Information We Collect
When you give us information by your consent or voluntarily, we collect the following Personal Information:
Information we collect about you - when you connect with us we may collect and store information such as your:
name, email address, phone number, address;
aggregated third-party location, IP address, mobile or other device ID, device and applications used, your operating system, social media handles, browser settings and usage data, interaction including time of interaction with advertising and
game and technology preferences and interests
Event Volunteers - we may collect your name, email address, phone number and other information to enable you to perform relevant functions at events.
Children Under 16
Our video game and technology markets include children under the age of 16, however, we do not ask for or knowingly collect/request any Personal Information from children under the age of 16.
It is our policy not to knowingly solicit or permit children under the age of 16 to provide their Personal Information for any purpose.
We ask parents and guardians to take an active role in monitoring their children’s access and use of video games, technology and related environments. In the event we have collected Personal Information from children under the age of 16, contact us at
privacy@surpriseattack.com.au
and we will promptly delete the information.
How We Collect Information About You
When you give us information by your consent or voluntarily, we collect Personal Information about you directly from you in different ways, including:
Websites
Surprise Attack gives you the option to receive promotional email from its websites. You may opt out of these communications at any time. Instructions for discontinuing receipt of promotional email communications from Surprise Attack is provided in the email to users.
Surprise Attack collects aggregated and anonymous usage data via Google Analytics. No personal information is collected.
Games
When you register an account within a game, users are asked to provide name and email information to receive promotional emails from Surprise Attack. You can ignore this request. If you do provide name and email information, you can have it deleted at any time by Unsubscribing.
Surprise Attack collects aggregated and anonymous games sales data via Google Analytics . No personal information is collected.
For information on data stored by Apple services, please refer to Apple’s privacy policy
Advertising
Surprise Attack, as well as third parties, uses cookies and other technologies such as web beacons or tracking pixels when advertising to you to collect information. Cookies are small files downloaded to your Internet browser, which are used to monitor your web navigation and application navigation.
We also use third party technologies such as Google Analytics to collect aggregated information when you use our online applications and/or when you play our games on your PC, game system and/mobile device.
Chat, Forums, Bulletin Boards, Instant Messaging, Etc
.
Surprise Attack's products or services may provide or refer to you various chat, forums, bulletin boards, or instant messaging tools. Any information that is disclosed in chat, forums or bulletin boards should be considered public information, and users who message one another may not know each other personally.
Surprise Attack has no obligation to keep private personally identifiable information that you make available to other people or the public using these messaging tools. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in public forums.
You should also be aware that game play information disclosed during multiplayer game play (e.g. player name and current player statistics) is public information and may be displayed to other people.
Conferences, Festivals, Events, Etc.
Surprise Attack represents its products and services at a range of conferences, festivals, events, etc. For the purposes of enabling promotions from Surprise Attack we may collect, with your consent, your name, email address, phone number, address and game preferences and interests.
To support our work at conferences, festivals, events, etc we invite volunteers to assist us. Volunteers are invited to express interest via websites or email and we ask them to provide their name, email address, phone number and other information to perform relevant functions, with their consent.
Other Sources
We obtain aggregated information about you from third-party sources, such as social media platforms, and third-party data providers. This information is obtained in the aggregate to assist with creating general target audiences for advertising the products and events we represent and we do not obtain or store information at an individual user level.
How We Use The Information We Collect
We may use the information we collect in the following ways:
Websites, Games and Technology
We provide you links to chat, forums, bulletin boards, or instant messaging tools.  You will receive promotional emails about upcoming product news and announcements.
Conferences, Festivals, Events, Etc.
We provide information to you to keep you up to date with our activities, promotional material for the games we are publishing and promotional material for the technology we are marketing.
Your registration to attend an event is only used to confirm your identity when attending the event.
If you are a volunteer supporting our work, we use your information to enable us to contact you, confirm if your support is required and provide you the appropriate size uniform. The information is retained in case you can work with us again in the future.
Advertising
You may receive advertising from us about products and events on a range of platforms.
We share your personal information with third party agencies and technologies for the purpose of executing our advertising. We do not sell personal information to third parties,
Security of Your Information
We protect your information by storing our information on password protected web platforms, these include platforms provided by Microsoft, Alphabet/Google, MailChimp and Eventbrite.
Our data is stored by the web  platforms we use and they may store this data in the United States of America, European Union, Australia and other locations. You consent to this storage and the transfer of information from one territory to another.
In the event we plan to share your data with someone else, we will request your consent first.
When your Personal Information is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was obtained, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your Personal Information. However, most of the Personal Information is or will be stored in client files which will be kept by us for a minimum of 7 years.
When we partner with third party agencies and technologies to advertise products and events, the terms of engagement include privacy terms and conditions.
Your Choices
Surprise Attack provides you with a variety of choices to control the use and sharing of your information, including your Personal Information:
Do not provide
- You can usually avoid giving us Personal Information by not providing it when a game, website, link or form requests it.
Unsubscribe
- Electronic notifications, for example e-mail, include an Unsubscribe option. Click on the Unsubscribe link and follow the instructions to complete. By Unsubscribing, your personal information is deleted.
Contact us
- To unsubscribe or delete any records of your Personal Information contact us via privacy@surpriseattack.com.au.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or our information practices generally, you can contact us at privacy@surpriseattack.com.au. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making changes or modifications. Unfortunately, we cannot always ensure that such changes or modifications will be reflected in all versions of your stored information.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time and is available on our website.
Privacy Policy Complaints and Enquiries
If you have any queries or complaints about our Privacy Policy please contact us at:
Data Protection Officer
Level 2, 696 Bourke Street, Melbourne VIC 3000
privacy@surpriseattack.com.au
California Privacy Rights And Do Not Track Disclosures
In some circumstances, California residents would have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we use your Personal Information with third parties for  direct marketing purposes. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of direct marketing, We do share personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes of the products we represent. We do not honor Do Not Track requests. If you have any questions regarding our practices, please contact us at
privacy@surpriseattack.com.au
Fellow Traveller is a trademark of Surprise Attack Pty Ltd, trading as Fellow Traveller Games
Double Jump is a trademark of Surprise Attack Pty Ltd, trading as Double Jump Communications