Hashone Tech LLP (" our ", " we ", or " us ") operates the Invyt - Invitation Maker mobile application (the "Service").
Hashone Tech LLP built the Invyt - Invitation Maker  as a Ad Supported app. This service is provided by Hashone Tech LLP at no cost                         and is intended for use as is.
Our  users privacy is extremely important to  us,  Please read  our  privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how  we  collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with  Our   App.
Information Collection and Use
We   collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve  our  service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Usage Data
We  may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit  our   service or when you access the service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of   our   service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
we  use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on  our  service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze  our  service.
                        Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies:  We   use Session Cookies to operate our service.
Preference Cookies:  We  use Preference Cookies to remember users preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies:  We  use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Our   apps does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However,  we   use some third party codes and libraries that might use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You may choose to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you refuse to accept cookies, you may face troubles using some app function.
Log Data
While using  our   app, in case of any error in the app  we  collect log files (through third party products). Log Data may include information about users Device Name, IP, OS Version, Time, Date and other statistics.
Third Party Services
You can read Privacy Policy of third party services used by   our  app.
AdMob by Google
Google Play Services
Google Analytics
One Signal
Firebase
Details Collected
App details:
1. App version
2. Data size (of the saved content)
3. Language
Device details:
1. iOS Version
2. Model
3. Device Language
Third Party Disclosure
No,  We  do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties users personally identifiable information.
Links to Other Sites/Apps
The application might contain links to other sites/apps. If users click on any of third-party link, Users will be directed to those site/apps. Note that these external links are not operated by  us . Therefore,  we  strongly recommend users to review Privacy Policy.  We  have no control over and responsible for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party websites or services.
Children Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what users of app must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.  We  do not collect personal data from a child under age of 13. In the event that  we  learn that  we  have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent,  we  will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that  we  might have any information collected from a child under 13, please contact  us.                          Our   services are not directed to children, and you may not use  Our  services if you are under the age of 13.
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) Act
Yes, Adapt  Our  Privacy Policy to be compliant with GDPR.
                        Notice to EU Individuals: This Privacy Policy is intended to comply with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the "General Data Protection Regulation" or "GDPR"). It was adopted on 14 April 2016, and became enforceable beginning 25 May 2018; to provide appropriate protection and care with respect to the treatment of users personal information in accordance with the GDPR.
When this Policy Applies
This Privacy Policy applies to Invyt - Invitation Maker offered by Hashone Tech LLP and its services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites, or be linked from  our  Apps.
Changes to this Policy
For various reasons,  we  have to change this Privacy Policy from time to time so users advised to review this page time to time for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.  We  always indicate the date last changes were published.
                        By continuing to access or use the services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not understand and/or agree to the Privacy Policy, You should immediately exit and avoid making any use of Invyt - Invitation Maker.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact  us  by mail: app.support@hashone.com
Last Updated:
Aug 19, 2023