Munbyn Print, (“Munbyn Print”, “we”, and “us”) respects the privacy of its users (“you”) and has developed this
    Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the
    information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such
    uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our application or services
    or transacting business with us. By using our website or application (our “Service”), you are accepting the
    practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to
    the end of the TERMS OF USE for information on how to contact us.
Information we collect about you
In General. We may collect information that can identify you such as your name and email address ("personal
    information") and other information that does not identify you. We may collect this information through a website or
    a mobile application. By using the Service, you are authorizing us to gather, parse and retain data related to the
    provision of the Service.
Munbyn Print may also collect and gather non-personally identifiable information, such as certain profile
    information including country of residence and preferences. In addition, Munbyn Print may collect and store
    information about your and others’ usage of and interaction with the Service and our websites, including matches,
    numbers of matches made by members, match durations, text messages, usage by geographies, device and connection
    information, IP address, device capability, bandwidth, statistics on page views, network type and traffic to and
    from our websites.
Munbyn Print allows you to share text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other communications in the Munbyn
    Print application with other users, and if you choose to do so your text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and
    other communications will be stored on our servers. In addition, if you choose to share these items with other
    Munbyn Print users, we may not be able to remove them from our servers or make them unavailable to anyone you have
    shared them with. Sending and sharing text messages, photos, screenshots, videos or other communications in the
    Munbyn Print application is your decision. By choosing to share that information, you should understand that you may
    no longer be able to control how that information is used and that it may become publicly available (depending in
    part on your actions or the actions of others with whom you have shared the information). Munbyn Print is not
    responsible for any use or misuse of information you share.
In addition, in case your conversation partner reports your abusive behavior or language to us, then the
    conversation information such as voices, screenshots or contents of conversation which has been stored only in your
    partner's device may be transferred to our servers. Such transferred information will be processed by us to
    ascertain the genuineness of the report, if needed.
Information you provide
In order to register as a user with Munbyn Print, you will be asked to allow Munbyn Print to collect your location
    information from your device when you download or use the Service. In addition, we may collect and store any
    personal information you provide while using our Service or in some other manner. This may include identifying
    information, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number, and, if you transact business with us,
    financial information. You may also provide us photos, a personal description and information about your gender and
    preferences for recommendations, such as search distance, age range and gender. If you chat with other Munbyn Print
    users, you provide us the content of your chats, and if you contact us with a customer service or other inquiry, you
    provide us with the content of that communication. Use of technologies to collect information. We use various
    technologies to collect information from your device and about your activities on our Service.
Information collected automatically
We automatically collect information from your browser or device when you visit our Service. This information could
    include your IP address, device ID and type, your browser type and language, the operating system used by your
    device, access times, your mobile device’s geographic location while our application is actively running, and the
    referring website address.
Cookies and Use of Cookie Data
We may use standard Internet technology, such as web beacons and other similar technologies, to track your use of
    our Service and to deliver or communicate with cookies. We also may include web beacons in advertisements or email
    messages to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. The information we obtain in this manner
    enables us to customize the services we offer users, to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall
    effectiveness of our online advertising, content, programming or other activities.