GOV.UK One Login privacy notice
About GOV.UK One Login
The GOV.UK One Login system provides a single way to sign in and prove your identity when accessing government services online.
GOV.UK One Login is provided by the
Government Digital Service (GDS)
, part of the Cabinet Office.
Mentions of ‘us‘ and ‘we‘ in this privacy notice refer to GDS.
The Cabinet Office, as GDS’s parent organisation, is the data controller of the personal data you provide when you use GOV.UK One Login. This means that the Cabinet Office is ultimately responsible for the personal data we collect and process on GOV.UK One Login. This includes determining things like what personal data should be collected, from whom and what it will be used for.
Other government departments are responsible for any personal data you provide when you use their online services. For example they may collect data from you either before they redirect you to GOV.UK One Login or after GOV.UK One Login returns you to their service after you’ve completed your authentication or identity checks. This means that they are data controllers for that information and will decide what data to collect from you, why they need that data and how long they keep that data for. Details of this will be in their own privacy notices.
What information we collect
When you authenticate your GOV.UK One Login or prove your identity
When you are referred to GOV.UK One Login by an online government service to sign in or prove your identity we will know what service you have come from.
The information we then collect from you will depend on:
whether the online government service is using GOV.UK One Login solely to log you in to their system or to prove your identity as well
the evidence and documents you have available to prove your identity
the type of device you use, for example a laptop, tablet or smartphone
In all cases, we will create a GOV.UK One Login using your email address. Where you choose to receive authentication codes using text message, we will also collect your phone number. If the online government service is only using GOV.UK One Login to sign you in to their service, we will not collect any further data from you.
Where online government services use GOV.UK One Login to prove your identity, we need to conduct identity checks and therefore process additional personal data.
Using the GOV.UK ID Check app to prove your identity
This route uses the GOV.UK ID Check app which is available to smartphone users through the
Google
and
Apple
App Stores. It consists of a sequence of checks that are conducted by specialist identity checking service providers on our behalf.
Genuine document, liveness and likeness checks
We need to check that:
your documents are real
you are a real person (also known as a ‘liveness’ check)
you are the same person as in the document photos (also known as a ‘likeness’ check)
We use an identity checking service provider called Iproov and their subcontractors Veriff and Innovalor to conduct these checks. Iproov acts as a data processor with Veriff and Innovalor as sub-processors, which means that they may only process your personal data for the sole purpose of fulfilling our instructions.
We need to check your identity document security features to prove that they are genuine documents.
For driving licences, you will need to take a photo of the front and back of your licence with your phone camera. The app will require permission to access your camera and photos for this.
For e-passports, biometric residence permits and cards, and frontier worker permits the app will read your document information from its near field communication (NFC) chip.
We collect the following information:
name
date of birth
address (driving licences only)
document number
expiry date
issuing country
nationality (except driving licences)
photo image
When Iproov has completed the check, they send us the outcome of the check and your identity document information.
We do a “liveness” check to prove whether a user is a real person and not anything that might impersonate an individual such as a mannequin, wax figure, 3D mask, picture or deepfake.
You will need to take a selfie video using your phone camera. The App will require permission to access your camera and videos for this. This check is conducted in real-time which means that neither we nor Iproov store the video.
When Iproov has completed the check, they send us the outcome of the check.
We do a likeness check to prove that you are the same person as in your identity document photo.
This check uses a still image generated from your selfie video and your identity document photo to measure the unique patterns of your face. This is called facial biometric data. The biometric data from both images is compared to establish whether the user is the actual owner of the identity document.
When Iproov has completed the check, they send us the outcome of the check.
Fraud check
We use an identity checking service provider called Experian to conduct a fraud check to:
look for any signs that your identity has been stolen or misused
check whether there is a record of you existing over time
They do so as an independent data controller in accordance with their
privacy notice
.
When you have completed the checks above using the App, you will be returned to the GOV.UK One Login website where we will collect your name, date of birth and address. We send these to Experian so they can conduct a counter fraud check.
When Experian has completed the check, they send us a fraud score, plus details of any associated fraudulent activity.
This fraud check will not affect your credit score, as it is a ‘soft search’. An entry about it will be added to your credit record, but it will only be visible to you. Other organisations that use Experian to run their own credit checks will not be able to see it.
Using your web browser to prove your identity
This route consists of 3 separate identity checks.
An identity document check
We check your passport or driving licence details are genuine using the authoritative datasets held, respectively, by HM Passport Office (HMPO) or the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) in Great Britain or the Driver and Vehicle Agency in Northern Ireland (DVA (NI)). You will need to provide your driving licence or passport details which we then send to HMPO, DVLA or DVA (NI) to validate against their records.
When HMPO, DVLA or DVA (NI) have completed their checks, they send us confirmation as to whether the data matches or not and if not, the reason why it didn’t match.
HMPO, DVLA and DVA (NI) do so as independent data controllers in accordance with their privacy notices.
Knowledge Based Verification check (security questions)
We conduct a Knowledge Based Verification (KBV) check, or security questions, using questions about your credit or financial history that only you should know the answer to. This check is conducted by Experian as an independent data controller in accordance with their
privacy notice
.
For this check we use your name, date of birth and address to retrieve relevant questions from Experian. We collect your answers and send them to Experian to check that they match the information they already have about you.
When Experian has completed the check they respond to us with a Pass / Fail outcome.
GDS does not store or retain the questions or your answers.
This fraud check will not affect your credit score, as it is a ‘soft search’. An entry about it will be added to your credit record, but it will only be visible to you. Other organisations that use Experian to run their own credit checks will not be able to see it.
Fraud check
We use an identity checking service provider called Experian to conduct a fraud check to:
look for any signs that your identity has been stolen or misused
check whether there is a record of you existing over time
They do so as an independent data controller in accordance with their
privacy notice
.
When you have completed the checks above, we will collect your name, date of birth and address. We send these to Experian so they can conduct the check.
When Experian has completed the check, they send us a fraud score, plus details of any associated fraudulent activity.
This fraud check will not affect your credit score, as it is a ‘soft search’. An entry about it will be added to your credit record, but it will only be visible to you. Other organisations that use Experian to run their own credit checks will not be able to see it.
Proving your identity at a Post Office
GOV.UK One Login gives you the option to prove your identity at a Post Office. This route consists of 3 separate identity checks.
Fraud check
We use an identity checking service provider called Experian to conduct on online fraud check to:
look for any signs that your identity has been stolen or misused
check whether there is a record of you existing over time
They do so as an independent data controller in accordance with their
privacy notice
.
We collect your name, date of birth and address and send them to Experian so they can conduct the check.
When Experian has completed the check, they send us a fraud score, plus details of any associated fraudulent activity.
This fraud check will not affect your credit score, as it is a ‘soft search’. An entry about it will be added to your credit record, but it will only be visible to you. Other organisations that use Experian to run their own credit checks will not be able to see it.
Genuine document check and likeness check
We need to check that:
your identity documents are real
you are the same person as in the identity document photos (also known as a ‘likeness’ check)
These checks are conducted by the Post Office and their subcontractor Yoti on our behalf. The Post Office acts as a data processor with Yoti as a sub-processor, which means that they may only process your personal data for the sole purpose of fulfilling our instructions.
We ask you what identity document you would like to use to prove your identity. You can use any of the following identity documents:
UK passport
non-UK passport
UK photocard driving licence
UK biometric residence permits
European Union (EU) photocard driving licence
National identity card from a European Economic Area (EEA) country
We ask you:
for your identity document’s expiry date and issuing country
to confirm that the address you provided previously matches the address shown on your identity document, for documents that have an address on them.
to choose which Post Office branch you would like to attend
We send this information plus your name, address and date of birth to the Post Office before you go to a branch. We also send you an email with a link to download a Post Office In Branch Verification customer letter. This will contain a QR code and instructions about what you will need to do next. You will need to open the link, enter your email address, and download and print the letter and take it with you when you attend the Post Office, or show it on your device.
When you attend the Post Office, a member of staff will scan the QR code on your letter and check the identity document you have with you against the details you provided.
The Post Office and Yoti will then check your identity document security features to make sure it is a genuine document.
For all identity documents, the Post Office will take a photo of the front and back of the document to check the document’s security features, such as holograms, and to read the document information.
For UK e-passports, the Post Office will also use a tablet to check your document’s security features and to read your document information from the NFC chip.
The Post Office will also take a photo of your face,from which they will measure the unique patterns of your face. This is called facial biometric data. The biometric data from your photo will be compared against the biometric data from the photo on your identity document to check whether you are the actual owner of the identity document.
When the Post Office and Yoti have completed the checks, they send us the result of the check and your identity document information.
We then use your email address to tell you that the results of your check are available. To see your result and share it with the service you needed to prove your identity for, you will need to sign in to GOV.UK One Login and be redirected to the government service you were using.
Technical information
We collect technical information as an integral part of providing GOV.UK One Login to you. This includes:
online identifiers, like your Internet Protocol (IP) addresses
technical information about the device you use such as the model, web browser operating system and unique device ID
This data is stored in system audit and security logs for system and security monitoring and technical troubleshooting purposes.
When you contact us for help or to provide feedback
There are a number of ways to contact us if you need help with GOV.UK One Login. They are on the
Contact GOV.UK One Login
page.
If you contact us for help, we will collect:
information about you such as your name, telephone number and email address, and use this information to contact you about your enquiry and to identify your GOV.UK One Login if necessary
the details of your help request
your preferred language (English or Welsh) so we can contact you in that language
When you contact us do not include any sensitive or financial information about yourself. If you choose to share details about yourself to give extra context for your enquiry, we will store that information in our systems.
We store recordings of all telephone conversations. We use these for monitoring and detecting fraud, resolving complaints, quality monitoring and training, and improving our service.
If you contact us through our web form, we collect technical information about your device as outlined in the ‘Technical information‘ section of this notice.
If you agree to take part in our survey about the help you received, we collect your answers to the questions. These are linked to the record of when you contacted us, which includes information such as your name, email address or telephone number.
If you agree to web / app analytics
If you give your consent, we use Google Analytics to collect information about how you use GOV.UK One Login. For example:
information about the pages you use
how long you spend on each page
how you got to GOV.UK One Login
what you click on while you use the service
technical information including IP addresses, the type of device and web browser you use
an indication of your location (such as your city and country) using your anonymised IP address
The information collected is classed as personal data because Google Analytics assigns a unique identifier to each visitor. This does not however enable us or Google to determine your real world identity. We will also not combine analytics information with the data you provide when authenticating your GOV.UK One Login or proving your identity or any other data that we may hold in order to determine your real world identity.
We also use Firebase Crashlytics to collect information about problems you may experience when you use the GOV.UK ID Check app, such as the app crashing.
In both cases, Google acts as our data processor and we do not permit Google to use or share this data for their own purposes.
We use Dynatrace to collect information about problems you may experience when using GOV.UK One Login. For example:
how quickly pages load
if you see any error messages
technical information including your IP address and a unique identifier
The information we collect does not enable us or Dynatrace to determine your real world identity. We will not combine analytics information with any other data to determine your real world identity.
Dynatrace acts as our data processor and we do not permit them to use or share this data for their own purposes.
Why we need your information
We collect your personal information on GOV.UK One Login to:
provide you with a GOV.UK One Login to access online government services
prove your identity
We also use your information to:
keep your GOV.UK One Login secure (using your email address, phone number, password and system logs)
store your proven identity information within GOV.UK One Login to enable you to reuse it
monitor, detect and investigate fraud
provide the government service(s) that you access through GOV.UK One Login with information about the outcome of your identity check
provide you with a record of how your GOV.UK One Login has been used, for example, when it was last signed in to and what services it has been used with
contact you about any planned interruptions, problems or changes that may affect your GOV.UK One Login (using your email address)
improve the service by understanding how you use it and any problems you experience, for example using Google Analytics, Firebase Crashlytics, Dynatrace, and the contact centre feedback survey
monitor the rates of successful and unsuccessful identity checking submissions and produce anonymised reports about GOV.UK One Login to help us understand where we can make improvements
help diagnose and fix technical or debugging issues
assist in billing and reconciliation for the third party identity checking services we use
monitor the system for security threats and system issues, for example outages.
Our legal basis for processing your information
Legitimate interests (UK GDPR Article (6)(1)(f))
When we process your personal data for security monitoring purposes, the legal basis we rely on is that the processing is necessary for GDS’s legitimate interests. GDS interests in this regard are protecting GOV.UK One Login and its users against security threats.
Consent (UK GDPR Article (6)(1)(a))
We obtain your consent to process your personal data for the following purposes:
collecting and analysing information about how you use your GOV.UK One Login using Google Analytics and Dynatrace cookies
collecting and processing your responses to our survey about the help you received
Where we rely on consent we will explain as clearly and concisely as possible how your data will be processed so you understand what you are consenting to. If you later change your mind, you can withdraw your consent at any time. How you can do this will depend on what we are processing your data for. For example, you can:
withdraw your consent from our use of cookies using the GOV.UK One Login
cookie preferences page
click the unsubscribe link on emails you receive from us, or you can contact
GDS-Privacy-Office@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk
Public Task (UK GDPR Article (6)(1)(e))
For all other purposes including the administration of your GOV.UK One Login, proving your identity and enabling you to reuse that proven identity, and fraud monitoring, the legal basis is that it is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or the exercise of our functions as a government department.
Special category data
If you prove your identity using the GOV.UK Identity Check app, you will do a likeness check which will involve processing your facial biometric data. Under UK Law, biometric data is classed as special category data and the Cabinet Office is required to have an additional legal basis to process it. The Cabinet Office processes biometric data on the legal basis that the processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest. UK Law also requires the Cabinet Office to meet a specific substantial public interest condition from the UK Data Protection Act 2018. The Cabinet Office relies on the following 2 conditions:
statutory and government purposes for identity checking (paragraph 6, schedule 1, Data Protection Act 2018)
preventing or detecting unlawful acts for fraud detection and prevention (paragraph 10, schedule 1, Data Protection Act 2018)
We ask that you do not share any sensitive information about yourself when you contact us for help or to give feedback. If you choose to provide such information we process it on the legal basis that the processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest. In addition we rely on the statutory and government purposes condition in the Data Protection Act 2018.
Who we share your information with
Sharing your information with online government services and the departments that run them
When you sign in or prove your identity with GOV.UK One Login, we send the online government service that you are trying to access the following information:
the result of your identity check
reasons for failure, if applicable
information that enables the other government service to match you against their records, which typically includes your name, date of birth and address
Other government services process the data we share with them as independent data controllers under a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) we have with them. Each online government service will have its own terms and conditions and privacy notice. You should read these as well as the GOV.UK One Login terms and conditions and this privacy notice, so that you understand how your personal information is managed.
Government Gateway
Government Gateway is HMRC’s own authentication and identity checking service that enables users to access tax and other services. The GOV.UK ID Check app is integrated into the Government Gateway service, as well as into GOV.UK One Login, and therefore the personal data processing outlined in the relevant sections of this privacy notice applies to Government Gateway users of the app.
Additionally, HMRC conducts their own identity document checks against authoritative government data sources. We therefore share your driving licence and passport information with HMRC to enable them to conduct these checks.
We share the following information from your driving licence with Government Gateway:
first name
last name
date of birth
driving licence number
issued by (issuing authority)
issue number
issue date
expiry date
We share the following information from your passport with Government Gateway:
first name
last name
date of birth
document number
expiry date
International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) Issuer code
HMRC processes this data as an independent data controller under a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) we have with them under and in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Sharing your information to prove your identity
We engage specialist third party identity service providers to conduct individual identity checks on our behalf. We share your personal information with these service providers to enable them to conduct the checks.
These service providers are:
His Majesty’s Passport Office (HMPO), as an independent data controller under an MoU, to conduct passport genuine document checks. You can read
HMPO’s privacy notice
the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA), as an independent data controller under an MoU, for GB driving licence genuine document checks. You can read
DVLA’s privacy notice
the Driver and Vehicle Agency Northern Ireland (DVA NI), as an independent data controller under an MoU, for Northern Irish driving licence genuine document checks. You can read
DVA NI’s privacy notice
Experian, as an independent data controller subject to a contract with us, for Knowledge-Base Verification (KBV) and fraud checks. You can read
Experian’s consumer privacy notice
iProov, as a data processor with Veriff and Innovalor as its sub-processors, subject to a contract with us, for biometric likeness checks, genuine document checks and liveness checks
Post Office, as a data processor with Yoti as its sub-processor, subject to a contract with us, for in-person identity checks
In all cases we only provide the minimum information needed to perform the checks.
Sharing your information to protect against fraud
To protect against crime and fraud, we sometimes need to share information with:
government departments that run the services you access though your GOV.UK One Login
other public sector organisations, such as the Home Office
law enforcement agencies
Experian (a credit reference agency)
data processors who provide relevant monitoring services
The information we share includes:
IP addresses and geolocations
unique account identifiers
information about the devices being used
identity document details, including name and date of birth
address history
phone numbers
email addresses
We use Experian to check your email address and phone number when you create a GOV.UK One Login and if you change your email address or phone number.
Sharing your information with our suppliers
We work with technology suppliers, for example we use an external hosting provider and a contact centre provider. We only give our suppliers access to your information if they need it to provide their service. Our suppliers act as data processors and are subject to contracts with us which restrict them to only processing your personal data for the sole purpose of providing their services in accordance with our instructions.
How long we keep your information
We store your personal information for no longer than is reasonably necessary and legally justifiable.
We will keep your GOV.UK One Login for as long as you wish to use it although we will delete it if you do not use it for 5 years.
If you choose to delete your GOV.UK One Login, we’ll delete your account and your proven identity information.
We delete your still photo generated from your selfie video, driving licence images and biometric facial data from Iproov’s systems after 30 days.
The in-person identity check stores your data for 11 days to give you enough time to go to the Post Office to complete your identity check.
We will store the information we collect when you contact us for help for one year. This includes call recordings.
We will keep your feedback data for 2 years.
We will store information about the actions you take when you use your GOV.UK One Login in system logs for 1 year.
We also maintain a secure audit trail of all GOV.UK One Login audit events and activity which we retain for 7 years for fraud monitoring purposes.
GDS does not store or retain the:
KBV questions we source from credit reference agencies or your answers to those questions
selfie video you take as part of proving your identity using the GOV.UK Identity Check app
If you consented to analytics, Dynatrace will store information about how you used GOV.UK One Login for 35 days.
Children’s privacy protection
GOV.UK One Login is not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children 13 years of age or younger. We do not intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
Where your information is processed and stored
All personal data processed directly for the administration of your GOV.UK One Login and for identity checking is stored in the UK or in the European Economic Area (EEA). The EEA has been assessed by the UK Government as having adequate legal protections for data privacy in line with those in the UK.
Data collected by Google Analytics or Dynatrace may be transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA) for processing and some of our suppliers may provide technical support from outside of the EEA. In both cases, we ensure your information is just as well protected, for example by including extra clauses in our contracts with suppliers.
How we protect your personal information and keep it secure
We are committed to doing all that we can to keep your information secure. We have set up systems and processes to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your information - for example, we use varying levels of encryption. We also make sure that any third parties that we deal with keep all personal information they process on our behalf secure.
As the owner of your GOV.UK One Login, you also have some responsibility for its security. For example, you should:
choose a strong password for your GOV.UK One Login and ensure you keep it secure - the UK’s National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) provides
advice on keeping your online accounts secure
contact us immediately if you suspect that your account has been compromised
Automated decision-making
GOV.UK’s identity checking process is fully automated and therefore the majority of identity checking decisions are based solely on automated processing.
GOV.UK One Login determines what identity checks need to be conducted to prove your identity taking into account the:
level of confidence services need in your identity
evidence and documents you have available to prove your identity
type of device you use, for example a laptop, tablet or smartphone
GOV.UK One Login then directs specialist third party identity service providers to conduct the necessary identity checking. Most of these checks are fully automated without any manual involvement. For the driving licence check conducted using the GOV.UK Identity Check app, if an automated decision cannot be made successfully, a manual checking process is then used.
GOV.UK One Login receives a response from each identity service provider which contains the outcomes of their identity checks and decides whether the outcomes of the completed checks provide the required level of confidence in your identity.
This process is fully automated and may result in users not having their identity proven to the level required by the online government service you are trying to access. If we are not able to confirm your identity we will show you a screen that notifies you of this, provides you with instructions on what you can do next and provides you with a way to contact us.
Individuals or services can ask us to prove that the automated decision has been made correctly and we will generally prove that GOV.UK One Login is functioning as anticipated without error or bias. We may not be able to provide full information about individual identity checking attempts particularly where providing information would interfere with the prevention or detection of fraud or other crime.
Your rights
UK Data Protection Law provides you with a number of rights which you can exercise by contacting the
GDS Privacy Office
.
You have the right to:
request a copy of your personal information that we hold
ask us to change your information if it is wrong or inaccurate
ask us to delete your information, although we may not be able to delete your information if there is a legal reason for us to retain it
request a restriction on our use of your information. For example where it is wrong or inaccurate and you would like it to be changed before being used again
object about how we process your personal data where we process it under the public task or legitimate interests lawful bases
withdraw your consent where we process your personal data with your consent
Contact us or make a complaint
Contact the
GDS Privacy Office
if you:
have a question about anything in this privacy notice
think that your personal information has been misused or mishandled
want to make a ‘subject access request‘ to find out more about how your personal information is collected and used
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) who provides independent advice and monitoring of our use of personal information:
Data Protection Officer
DPO@cabinetoffice.gov.uk
You can also make a complaint to the Information Commissioner, who is an independent regulator.
Information Commissioner‘s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire SK9 5AF
Email:
icocasework@ico.org.uk
Telephone: 0303 123 1113
Textphone: 01625 545860
Monday to Friday, 9am to 4:30pm
Find out about call charges
Making a complaint to the Information Commissioner will not affect your rights.
Changes to this notice
We may change this privacy notice. In that case, the ‘last updated’ date of this document will also change. Any changes to this privacy notice will apply to you and your information immediately.
If these changes affect how your personal information is processed, GDS will let you know.
Last updated: 28 June 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.experian.co.uk/consumer/privacy.html:
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Czech Republic
Denmark
Germany
Hong Kong
India
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Mexico
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Turkey
UAE
United Kingdom
United States
Have a business relationship with Experian?
Experian Business Privacy Policy
Experian Consumer Product Privacy Policy
Download
Print
Expand all
Effective Date: 8th October 2024
We encourage you to read this policy thoroughly and read additional named privacy policies where applicable.
Click here to see notes relating to changes in our Privacy Policy
.
We take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect and how we use it.
Scope of this privacy policy
Who is Experian and how can you contact us?
What information we collect and process
How long do we keep your information?
How we use your information
What are the legal grounds for handling personal information?
Who we share your personal information with
Where in the world do we send information?
Your rights to how we use your personal information
How we keep your personal information secure
Changes to this Privacy Policy
1. Scope of this privacy policy
This policy applies to the processing of your personal data when you visit our website at Experian.co.uk and if you take any of Experian’s free or paid-for consumer products, including the free Experian account, our subscription services, our mobile apps. It also applies to your use of any consumer services available on experian.co.uk such as comparison services and the ‘contact us’ functionality for non-Experian customers. Experian’s free and paid-for consumer products are operated by Experian Consumer Services. This is the “consumer-facing” part of our business; the part that you and other consumers interact with.
Experian also operates a number of other businesses (which you may not normally interact with). Different privacy policies apply to those other businesses, and those policies discuss in more detail how your personal data might be processed.
Experian Consumer Services may share your data with some of those additional business functions, so that they may further process your personal data for a different purpose. We talk about this at
‘How we use your information’
and
‘Who we share your information with’
, below.
Briefly, the other business functions that may further process your personal data (and their related privacy policies) are as follows:
Experian business function
Relevant privacy notice
Description
Experian Credit Bureau (our credit referencing business)
‘Credit Reference Agency Information Notice’ (CRAIN)
The CRAIN provides information on how Experian and the UK’s other main credit reference agencies collect, use and share personal data.
Experian Marketing Services (our marketing services business)
‘Consumer Information Portal’ (CIP)
The information you provide to Experian Consumer Services might be used by Experian Marketing Services to: validate and update IP address, postal address and age details; create models into the ‘make-up’ of the UK population for characteristics across age, gender, number of adults and composition of the household and length of residency; identify when you change address; in linking profiled data about you to a client’s customer file (where you are already their customer) and for screening out of financial marketing where the financial offer is not appropriate for your circumstances.
The CIP provides information on how Experian collects, uses and shares personal data for its clients' marketing purposes and other related activities.
Experian Identity & Fraud Business (ID&F)
General Information Notice to Experian’s ID&F Customers (ID&F Notice)
To provide services to help us confirm your identity and authenticate you and carry out new product and services development and research.
Please see the
CRAIN
, the
CIP
and the
ID&F Notice
for more information on how the Experian Credit Bureau, Experian Marketing Services and ID&F use your personal data, and for further information on your rights in relation to your personal data, and how to exercise them.
Please note that you can opt-out from Experian Marketing Services’ processing of your personal data at any time by clicking
here
. You can also do this via the
CIP
.
Please also see this
helpful guide
explaining what information lenders use about you when deciding whether to give you credit and what happens to the information after that if the lender opens an account for you.
We will refer to sections of the
CRAIN
, the
CIP
and the
ID&F Notice
throughout this privacy policy where relevant. You can also find more information about Experian’s additional business functions on our website at
www.experian.co.uk
.
2. Who is Experian and how can you contact us?
When we refer to ‘Experian’ in this Privacy Policy, we mean
Experian Limited
. Experian is the controller of your personal data.
Experian is part of a group of companies whose parent company is listed on the London Stock Exchange (EXPN) as Experian plc. The Experian group of companies has its corporate HQ in Dublin, Ireland, and its operational HQs in Costa Mesa, California and Nottingham, UK.
You can find out more about the Experian group on our website at
www.experianplc.com
. If there's anything you're unsure about in this Privacy Policy, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at
uk.dpo@experian.com
.
3. What information we collect and process
We will need to ask you for certain personal information to deliver the services you have asked for and to give you the best possible experience when you engage with us (via our websites and apps or otherwise) and when you use our products and services.
We will also collect information about you and the devices you use to access our website, or we may ask third parties to do this for us, in these cases we do so by using technologies such as cookies. See also our
Cookies & online marketing page
.
We may use Artificial Intelligence, including Machine Learning to provide some aspects of the services, service support, our communications with you and in our analysis.
Find out more about how Experian uses AI
.
Learn more
Profile information
When you sign up for Experian services or if you use our comparison services, we will ask you to provide contact information such as: full name, previous names, residential address, previous residential addresses, date of birth, landline phone number, mobile phone number and email address.
Where you have created an account, we will also keep a record of
Your preferences for how you want to use our service and how you want us to contact you.
Information we use to authenticate you.
Which products you’ve signed up for, how much we’ve charged you and whether payments have been successful.
Credentials to access your account such as usernames (although this will often be your email address) and passwords.
Reference codes we may create to help us manage your data
Financial information
We will extract information from the Experian credit bureau (or, in some cases, from the Equifax or TransUnion credit bureaus) about your credit file in order to show you your Experian Credit Score and other information about your current credit position, or to work out your eligibility for financial products.
We will ask you to provide us with further financial information about you (such as salary information) so we may help you understand your financial situation and to search for financial products.
Where you use our Boost or other open banking services, we will collect bank account or credit card account (depending on the service) information directly from you and collect transaction data from your banking provider.
As described above, more information about credit bureau data is available in the Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN) which is shared by Experian, Equifax and TransUnion.
When you sign up for our services, we may also ask you for information related to your credit file or your bank account to enable us to verify your identity using automated decision making. Automated decision-making means computer-based decisions without any human involvement.
Payment information
Where the services you select carry a cost, we will ask you to provide some payment information such as credit card, debit card or bank account details. These details may be provided using services such as ApplePay.
When you sign up for our services, we may also ask you for payment information (such as credit card numbers) to help verify your identity using automated decision making. We will make it clear whether this information is also being used to pay for products and services.
Communications history
Where you contact us by phone, email, post, live chat, chat bot, or through social media with queries, complaints or questions about data on the Experian bureau, we will keep records of those conversations. These records include copies of messages, recordings of phone calls, or notes taken by our agents.
Where we send you service messages, marketing messages or messages related to particular product features, we will record what we have to you. We will also record how you responded (see
usage, analytics, tracking and feedback data
, below).
Product information
Different features of our products may require us to collect and process other personal data. For example:
For our web monitoring tools, you may give us additional data points to look out for such as passport number, driving licence number, national insurance number or credit card details.
Our products will generate alerts about you, including personalised product updates which tell you when we think we can find a better deal for you, credit and fraud alerts which let you know about certain changes in your credit file, score alerts for when your score has changed, or web monitoring alerts, when your information has been found.
When you use Experian boost, we will categorise your transactions and use those to work out your boosted score.
Information used to personalise our services
A key feature of Experian’s consumer services is that they are tailored to you. This personalisation is based on how you interact with us, and other segmentation data we get from Experian Marketing Services. You can find out more about it
here
.
Usage, tracking, feedback data
We carefully monitor how our products are operating and how they are used to try to improve them. This involves collection of information about you, your devices and your use of our services:
Data about web browser and app interaction – this is collected automatically as you browse our websites.
Searches and search results – our product comparison features will collect information about your personal circumstances, what you are searching for and what results you are seeing. This may include information such as income and employment status when searching for cards and loans.
Diagnostic information – we may collect other data (such as which device you are using and how often you log in) to help us monitor our services are operating and operating securely.
Where we sent you email, SMS or in-app messages, we may record whether you have opened or read each message. We may also record how you have interacted with specific elements of a communication for example whether you used a specific link provided. We may also record any feedback you give us on or within our communications, to improve relevancy and content.
Device identifiers and information - We also collect certain data automatically when you visit our website or use of our services, including IP address, screen resolution, browser, device type, device ID and software. We may deduce an approximate location from the IP address. Having access to this information helps us better understand our customers, improve our marketing and, where appropriate to honour discounts and pay referrals where you have been introduced to our website by an affiliate partner or clicked on an offer. You can read more about how we use cookies and similar technologies on our website by visiting our
Cookies & online marketing page
.
From time to time, we may ask you to complete surveys, take part in market research, or to take part in beta tests of new products or features. Where we do, we’ll store your answers and details of how you interact with any test features and process them to product aggregate summaries.
4. How long do we keep your information?
Learn more
Profile information
Up to 8 years from the closure of any agreement you have with us, 3 years since you last searched with us or 6 months from when you last responded to an email (whichever is longer)
Financial information
Up to 3 years from when we collected the information from you or on your behalf in the provision of our services. We may also use your data at an aggregated level for analytics purposes for 5 years from when we collected the information from you.
Payment information
Up to 3 years from when we last collected payment.
Communications history
Up to 6 years from the closure of any agreement you have with us or from the resolution of a complaint or query (whichever is longer)
Product information
Up to 3 years from the closure of any agreement you have with us.
We may also use your data at an aggregated level for analytics purposes for up to 5 years from the closure of the agreement you have with us.
Information used to personalise our services
Up to 6 years from the closure of any agreement you have with us or 6 months from when you last responded to an email (whichever is longer)
Usage, tracking and feedback data
Up to 3 years from when the information was collected.
We may also use your data at an aggregated level for analytics purposes for 5 years from when the information was collected.
We may also keep your information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes and enforce our rights. These reasons can vary from one piece of information to the next and depend on the products or services you're signed up to, so the amount of time we keep your personal information for may vary.
In all cases, our need to use your personal information will be reassessed on a regular basis, and information which is no longer required for any purposes will be disposed of.
5. How we use your information
Learn more
To enable you to access our website and use our services
We will use your information to accept you as a new/returning customer, to authenticate you when you attempt to register a new account with us, or to log you into your account. We also use it to provide you with our products and services.
We’ll also use this information allow us to assess your eligibility for a free trial and ensure that those who are eligible are offered a free trial to one of our paid subscription products.
To let you know about significant changes to our products, terms or privacy policy
We will let you know by email, SMS, push notification or when you log in to the site if there are significant changes to our products, their features, our terms, or our privacy policy.
To confirm your identity and authenticate the information you provide
As part of providing services to you we will confirm your identity and authenticate the information you provide for security purposes, sometimes using automated decision-making.
Establishing your identity is important as the services may provide you with your personal credit information (such as your Experian Credit Score or credit report) and we must be sure you are who you say you are. Identity checking may also involve checking the registration information you give us against information we already hold about you as a credit reference agency and potentially publicly available information about you such as from social media.
Identity checking and re-verification may result in services not being offered, being suspended or being withdrawn. We may automate some elements of our identity checking. Automated decisions are designed to make the service more efficient and to ensure that policies and procedures are applied consistently. If we are unable to confirm your identity from the registration information you provide, we will let you know by using the contact details you have provided and you may then have the option to make a written application and provide further proof of your identity.
To process payments and collect arrears
We will use your information to process the payments you commit to when signing up to our services and for the collection of any future payments or overdue amounts for those services.
Your payment provider may let us know if the payment details relating to your Experian payment change. If this happens, we reserve the right to update certain card details to make sure your access to our services isn’t interrupted.
So, for example, if you get a new payment card with a later expiry date to the one you currently pay with (but all the other details stay the same), we may update your payment card expiry date accordingly.
To provide you with information from your Experian Credit Report
Depending on the features in your subscription, information from the Experian Credit Bureau will be shared with you in a variety of ways, ranging from the display of the full Experian Credit Report to summarising salient credit report information.
To provide the Experian Credit Score and send you credit score notifications
We will use the Experian Credit Bureau data we hold and profile it to create the ‘Experian Credit Score’ by running the data through an algorithm called a scorecard. We will also use it to monitor and identify changes to your Experian Credit Score and may notify you by email, SMS or app notification about these changes or when a new score is available to be viewed.
To provide you with additional services related to your Credit Report information and Credit Score
The data held in the Experian Credit Bureau will also be used to operate features designed to help you understand and act upon your Experian Credit Score. Different products are included in different subscriptions and include the ability to forecast future score changes, to optimize behaviour for score progression and to understand the factors which build up the Experian Credit Score.
To provide and improve customer support
We will use your information to be able to provide and improve the customer support we provide to you (e.g. when you have questions or when you forget your log-in information).
To provide alerts
We will use your information to send you alerts where they are part of your current subscription e.g.
web-monitoring when we find your personal details are available to others online.
where there are certain changes to your credit report or your credit file is searched
where your credit score (or the elements that make it up) change
To Lock or unlock your Experian Credit Report
Where the Experian CreditLock feature is part of your subscription we can use your information and the information held in the Experian Credit Bureau to lock and unlock your Experian Credit Report when you ask us to (or to unlock your file if you cancel your subscription to a product which includes this feature). Locking your Experian Credit Report helps to provide enhanced protection against the risk of identity fraud.
To send you service communications
We will use your information to contact you to tell you about changes to or issues affecting the services you are taking.
To provide comparison services and create eligibility ratings
When you use our comparison service to search for products, the information you provide is used to retrieve information about products relevant to your search and create a table which allows you to compare them.
Where eligibility ratings are available, the information you provide (including personal information such as your name and address) and your current and historical credit information from the Experian Credit Bureau (and sometimes the other credit reference agencies TransUnion and Equifax) has been profiled by running it through an algorithm known as a scorecard to create the eligibility rating displayed. The eligibility rating is to help you understand whether you are likely to be accepted based on the lender’s criteria.
To pre-populate partner applications
In some circumstances - for example, to make it easier for you when you select on our website or mobile app that you want to submit an application to a particular broker, aggregator, lender or other provider, we will share limited information with them so that their application process can be pre-populated and save you the hassle of re-inputting information you’ve already told us.
Typically, the information that we will share would include your name, address, phone number and email address.
To provide information related to your use of our comparison services
When you search for products, we may contact you by email or SMS to confirm activity relating to use of our comparison services, such as details of the searches you have made, results that you have seen when searching, or information about introductions you've requested to brokers, lenders or other financial services providers.
To send you personalised product updates
Experian will send you timely updates to help you understand how you could benefit from new products or services. The updates can be shown when you use our free service (which is available to all customers) on our website or app, or sent by email or push notification.
Providing updates on product eligibility
We will use the following information to profile you and assess your eligibility for third party products or services, based on a providers’ criteria:
your personal information such as your name and address;
information about you from other Experian features, products and services, such as Experian Boost or search information or results from our comparison services;
how you use those features, products and services;
your current and historical credit information, whether it’s from the Experian Credit Bureau or the other two main credit reference agencies, Equifax and TransUnion.
Depending on the outcome of our assessment, we will alert you to opportunities, products and services that you may be suitable for. In the alert, we may compare the outcome of the assessment with an earlier assessment to help you understand what’s changed. You can find more information around how we assess your eligibility in the above section ‘To provide comparison services and create eligibility ratings’.
We may provide eligibility updates:
when you interact with our service, e.g. when you use our website or mobile app, or engage with our communications;
when you request an eligibility check;
between your interactions with our service (whilst you're still signed up to our service);
when new credit products and services are added to our offering;
when there is a change to your Experian Credit Bureau data or your ‘Experian Credit Score’ (and we may pro-actively check your Experian Credit Bureau data and Experian Credit Score to do this – which will not affect your credit rating);
when we predict you may be interested in a new product or service.
Providing updates when you might save money or benefit from new products
We will profile information we hold about you by applying an automated set of rules to assess whether you’d benefit from new features, products and services or whether you could save money. Specifically, we’ll look at
your current and historical credit information from Experian’s Credit Bureau, specifically,
whether you're carrying a balance on a credit card, loan or mortgage account;
what payments you have made;
how long you've had the account for;
whether a promotional period is applying to the account;
who your accounts are with;
and your credit score.
information that appears on your credit file relating to quotation searches that you have received from lenders or other financial services providers when you have previously searched, either through Experian’s service, or elsewhere in the market.
information about you from other Experian features, products and services, such as Experian Boost or search information or results from our comparison services;
how you use those features, products and services.
Depending on the outcome of our assessment, we will alert you to new opportunities and invite you to compare products available as part of our panel you may be suitable for. We may refer to parts of your credit information to explain why we have identified it for you.
Managing your updates and notifications
The sending of personalised product updates via email and the use of your personal data to create them can be managed within your Messaging Settings from your Experian Account. From there you can also close your account if you no longer want to receive the onscreen updates.
If you log in to our online services on web or our mobile app, we may also notify you there. These notifications and the use of your personal data can be managed in the settings or your device settings.
We may also notify you of these updates when you log in to Experian.
To provide services that use your bank account information
When you provide us with permission for your bank account or credit card account (as appropriate) information to be collected and used as part of our optional open banking related services, the main purposes that we may use that data for are;
For Experian Boost:
We will use automated systems to collect 24 months' of information so that we can look at a full 12 months of transactions and conduct profiling to determine how many payments we think you've made into savings accounts, to pay for digital entertainment and to pay your Council Tax. We look at 24 months' of information to ensure we don't miss anything which may be of benefit to you. We then use that information, and the total amount of debits and credits on your account, to conduct further profiling to determine if your credit score should be 'boosted' and we may use it to let you know which transactions have impacted your credit score and the steps you could take to improve your credit score. A ‘boosted’ score is a credit score, with the boost being part of the credit score. We will use your ‘boosted’ credit score as described elsewhere in this privacy policy (for example as described in the section on our use of your data for Marketing and the section on Reporting, analytics and tracking). You cannot alter our categorisation of your transactions, but if you’re not happy with us doing this you should disconnect all your accounts, or cancel the Boost service, and this will prevent us from providing your boosted credit score or a summary of your open banking data to participating lenders.
To present you with a consolidated view of the transaction data we have used when assessing if your score should be boosted, including showing you the transactions that have been categorised as payments that are having a positive impact on your credit score.
If your credit score increases, we’ll share a summary of the data used to create your Boost score (such as how many times we can see you have paid Council Tax) with participating lenders when you apply for credit or check your eligibility, alongside the other information from your credit report. This data may be used by these lenders when deciding if you're eligible. Lenders include providers of traditional financial services such as mortgages, loans and credit cards but can also be firms who can charge for services after you use them, such as mobile phone companies and utility providers, as well as retailers who offer store cards or goods on finance. Lenders may use this information to help them provide accurate eligibility ratings (both directly and through price comparison websites) and to decide whether to offer you credit and on what terms. This may include using the information to assess how much you can afford to pay. Lenders will not receive your actual bank transactions if you apply for credit with them or check your eligibility.
Where you use our comparison services, we will show you where your summarised bank transaction data has been factored into the results presented to you
To use the full transaction history we hold about you since you joined Boost (and our categorisation of those transactions) for reporting, analysis, training and developing the Experian Boost service to help us improve this service. The development of the Experian Boost service includes using the data for the following purposes;
Developing and updating the way bank account information is used within the calculation of your credit score
Improving the categorisation techniques we use when identifying payments within your bank transactions that fit into certain categories (for example, digital payments)
Allowing lenders with whom you have or in the past have had a relationship (i.e. previously/currently hold an account with, have previously applied to for credit or who have provided you with a quotation / eligibility rating via our comparison services) to analyse a summary of 12 months of your bank transactions from within the full transaction history we hold on you since you joined Experian Boost. This is to help lenders develop their own lending strategies, which will benefit Boost customers through enabling more lenders to factor summarised bank transactions into their future decisions.
To ensure that you can maximise the benefit of the Experian Boost service, we will notify Experian’s Pre-qualification Services business unit when you opt into Experian Boost. This will enable a summary of your bank transactions to be used in the decisions made by participating lenders and other price comparison sites who use Experian’s Pre-qualification Services if you seek a quotation or eligibility rating directly from them. Further information is provided in the ‘Who we share your personal information with’ section below.
We will show you which bank accounts you’ve given us permission to access and when the permission will expire. We’ll keep a record of that permission, its expiry as well as when you joined Experian Boost.
For services that use your open banking data to give you more information about your credit position:
We will use automated systems to collect information from bank and credit card accounts, which includes transactions for the last 12 months (incoming, outgoing, including payments) and account balance and other information, such as (account name, number, sort code, fees, charges, interest, benefits and rewards) in order to conduct analysis to help you understand your credit position. After that, we’ll collect that the information on a daily basis.
We’ll process that information to show you a summary of your debt, plus insights such as the estimated interest costs of your credit card debt, the estimated time to clear your credit card debt, and details of the payments you have made or are due to make towards your credit card debt.
To present you with this summary, we’ll process the transaction data to understand which payments relate to your credit cards, which might involve categorising it, or comparing transactions from your bank accounts and credit accounts to ensure that we’re showing the right information.
Where we are making estimates or assumptions (such as interest rate, interest payments, or future payment), this will only be based on the information that we can see, so this may not be the same as the information that you see on your bank or credit card statement.
We will show you which bank and credit accounts you’ve given us permission to access and when the permission will expire. We’ll keep a record of that permission, and its expiry as well.
For affordability assessment services:
To give you an indication of whether you could afford to take on additional credit/ borrowing based on your existing income and spending.
To show you a breakdown and categorisation of your spending habits and how you could make changes to increase the amount you could afford to borrow.
For all open banking related services
In addition to the main purposes your bank account information is processed for, it will also be processed for product development purposes outlined in the Section ‘Reporting, analytics and product development’ and for ancillary purposes which are explained in this document, such as sending you service emails related to Experian Boost or providing customer support if you contact us for support related to Experian Boost or other Open Banking related service
To comply with the law
Like any other business, we are required to comply with many laws and regulations. Where necessary (i.e. where it is reasonable and proportionate for us to do so), we will use your personal data to the extent required to enable us to comply with these requirements. This could include sending you information that Experian is legally required to send for consumer products or another part of the Experian business (for example, where Experian makes updates to the
CIP
in relation to processing carried out by Experian Marketing Services).
Investigation, detection and prevention of crime
We may use your information for the investigation, detection and prevention of crime (other than fraud).
Market research
Experian may select customers and invite them to be involved in market research. If you accept this invitation, we will use the feedback you give us to improve our products and services.
Administration of prize draws, competitions, membership offers, surveys and other promotional activities
From time to time we will run prize draws, competitions, promotions and surveys and, we will use the personal data you provide to us, to run such activities and to do what we agree to do as part of them.
Marketing
We will use the personal data we hold about you for marketing purposes in 4 ways:
to send you marketing communications by email, post, SMS and in-app notifications;
to enable digital advertising including retargeting with partners such as Google and Meta;
to enable marketing through affiliate partnerships who refer leads to our website; and
to create marketing content and to refine our marketing strategies.
Marketing communications sent by email, post, SMS and in-app notifications
We will send marketing communications if we think one of our products, services or offers, or those of our third-party partners, may interest you. We will improve relevancy and timeliness of the communications you receive and the content of the communications by identifying customer groups (profiles) and by personalising the data, messages, and images in communications.
We will use your contact information, your credit information, information about how you use our services and any information you may have given us in response to a marketing message, in the sending of these marketing communications. This information includes how frequently you login, your score and score band, how you interact with direct marketing channels and any responses to questions in marketing communications, how recently you have searched for credit and products. If you have searched, we will also use the type of credit, purpose, period, amount, eligibility, and results information. We may as part of our service use this information to create profiles about you in order to tailor our communications for relevancy and communication preference.
If your Experian subscription has finished, we may also contact you and invite you to resubscribe to the same or a different service or product, or to use certain free features on our website and app.
For the purposes of sending you these marketing communications, we will also use profiled data about you, your household or the area in which you live, which is received from Experian Marketing Services. This profiled data from Experian Marketing Services is not actual information about you but rather modelled predictions about the likely characteristics of individuals, households and geographic locations in the UK, such as preferred leisure pursuits, supermarkets likely to be used for shopping or likely social media usage.
More information about the personal data used by Experian Marketing Services and the purposes for which the data are processed is explained in the
CIP
, which includes information about
modelling (the predictions we make) and data profiling
.
Please note that you can opt-out from Experian Marketing Services’ processing of your personal data at any time by clicking
here
. You can also do this via the
CIP
.
You can also opt out of marketing communications by post, email or SMS from Experian Consumer Services at any time by following the instructions in the email or SMS or by contacting us at
customerservices@uk.experian.com
. If you opt-out of receiving marketing messages from Experian Consumer Services, your data will still be used for marketing purposes as described below.
You can turn off app notifications at any time using the settings on your mobile device.
Digital advertising with partners such as Google and Meta including retargeting
To help us promote our services, where you have agreed to it in our Cookie and Online Marketing Settings, we will use data about you to help us optimise the adverts we display online on third party websites and social media platforms.
We use tools provided by social media platforms, advertising networks and search engines including Google, Meta and Bing to optimise our advertising on their and third-party websites. As a result, you may receive advertising based on information about you that we have provided to them such as which pages you have visited on our websites, which subscriptions you hold, what you’ve searched for in our marketplace and what results you saw including eligibility scores, basic credit information such as your credit score band, or whether you’ve previously started to sign up for a service but not finished. Equally, you might see an advert because you fall into a group whose attributes we have selected on their platform or if your profile looks like groups that we have provided to them.
When we share your data with Meta, Google or Bing, we use a number of techniques including "hashing" to make sure that your data is secure and that third parties can only identify you if they already hold information about you which can be matched to the data we provide.
Please also see the section headed ‘Social media platforms, advertising networks, affiliate networks and search engines’ in the ‘Who we share your personal information with’ section of this privacy notice.
You can opt-out from having your personal data used for digital advertising purposes by amending your cookie preferences through our
Cookies & online marketing settings
.
You can amend your cookie preferences across the industry through the
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your AD Choices
.
Please be aware that this privacy policy covers the consumer pages of our websites. Our business to business pages may use different marketing technologies and have alternative privacy arrangements:
https://www.experian.co.uk/privacy/privacy-policies
.
For affiliate marketing
We work with partners who help us generate visitors to our website. For us to track which visitors to our website originated from each partner (so that we can evaluate the benefits of the partnership and, where appropriate, compensate the partner), we will provide certain identifier information to them. Typically the information we share will just be a reference code they sent to us and details of whether you completed a desired action (such as signing up for a free account) but the partner will not be able to identify you or your device unless they already hold information about you as a result of their relationship with you.
To create marketing content and to refine our marketing strategies
We will sometimes anonymise the data we hold and use it for analysis purposes in order to create marketing content (for example, people in your area have an average credit score of 750) or to refine our marketing strategies (e.g. understand which factors influence when customers might be interested in taking out a credit card). When we do this, the information will not identify you but analysing aggregate information is useful in informing us and helping us make decisions about our marketing strategy.
Fraud, investigation, detection and prevention
We may use your information for fraud investigation, detection and prevention measures and in order to provide suitable security for your account and your information that we hold (such as to enable us to prevent others logging in to your account without your permission).
Internal training purposes
We will use your information to ensure that our team has the knowledge and expertise they need to ensure we provide the best possible experience to our customers when interacting with us.
Reporting, analytics and product development
We will use your information including the credit information we hold about you on our Experian Credit Bureau (including any quotation searches you have done when you have previously searched for credit, either through Experian’s service, or elsewhere in the market), your open banking data, your behaviour on our websites and in our apps, IDs created when you use our services (which are used for data linkage and communication between systems) and how you respond to our emails to understand you, your credit needs and how you use our services. We can, where applicable, combine this with information provided by third parties or other parts of the Experian business.
This analysis or the data will be used to enable us to continue to provide the services efficiently and at scale, in the sending of service communications, to improve and promote our products and services, develop new products, to provide educational content, generate consumer insight (e.g. how many of our customers are in the north or south of the country) and to provide appropriate levels of support to our customers. It may also be used to develop new products for Experian’s businesses outside of Experian Consumer Services, such as Experian's ID&F business as explained in the ID&F Notice. Where appropriate, for these purposes. we can process your data using privacy enhancing techniques, resulting in data which is anonymised (so that it is no longer personal data).
For these reporting and analytical purposes, we will use profiled data about you, your household or the area in which you live, which is received from Experian Marketing Services. This profiled data is not actual information about you but rather modelled predictions about the likely characteristics of individuals, households and geographic locations in the UK, such as preferred leisure pursuits, supermarkets likely to be used for shopping or likely social media usage.
More information about the personal data used by Experian Marketing Services and the purposes for which the data are processed is explained in the
CIP
, which includes information about
modelling (the predictions we make) and data profiling
.
Please note that you can opt-out from Experian Marketing Services’ processing of your personal data at any time by clicking
here
. You can also do this via the
CIP
.
Please see Section 4 ‘What kinds of personal data do credit reference agencies hold, and where do they get it from?’ of the
CRAIN
for further information on the data in the Experian Credit Bureau.
As part of improving our products and services, we may also share this analysis with selected lenders, brokers and other financial services providers so they can determine whether they can improve the products or the terms under which their products are offered to Experian customers. You have the right to opt out of this processing by cancelling your agreement with us.
Our website also uses a website recording service which records mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling and any text keyed into website forms. Data collected by this service is used to improve our website usability and is not shared with anyone else.
More details of how we may track your interactions with our websites, apps and emails is available on our
Cookies & online marketing page
.
To help our partners develop and improve the products and services they offer you
Where you use our comparison services, we may also share your personal data with lenders or brokers returned as part of your search to enable them to conduct their own analysis, in order to develop and improve the products and services they offer.
Your data may also be shared with other lenders or brokers as part of services we have developed to help them understand customer behaviours (for example, to enable them to understand which products customers took where their product was returned as part of a search). Where possible, this information will be provided in an anonymised or pseudonymised way.
To personalise your experiences in our websites and apps
When you are logged in to our services, we will use the information we know about you including your behaviour on our websites and your credit history to help make our services as relevant and easy to use as possible. For example, where we can see that you have a high credit score, we may be more likely to talk to you about features and offers related to taking out a mortgage.
To maintain our records and other administrative functions
Like any business, we need to ensure that we maintain comprehensive and up to date records of the ways we process your personal information and other operational activities and therefore we will process the information you provide for record-keeping, updates and general administrative purposes.
Complaint and dispute resolution
Whilst we will try to make sure that you are happy with the service we provide and do not feel the need to complain, if you do complain to us, we will use the information we have about you to help us manage your complaint.
To improve data accuracy and completeness
Personal information you provide to us during registration, when you search for credit products in our comparison services or when we search on your behalf may be used to improve the Experian Credit Bureau information we already hold about you in our role as a credit reference agency e.g. if you provide a different address or alias to the one we hold already we may add to your details in the bureau the new address or alias to aid quicker identification of you and ensure that lenders can see a full picture of you when making lending decisions, it also aids identification and verification in the credit application process.
Please see Section 4 ‘What kinds of personal data do credit reference agencies hold, and where do they get it from?’ of the
CRAIN
for further information.
Invitations to participate in market research
In order to improve the service we offer to customers, we may ask you to participate in research from time to time. It is entirely up to you whether you choose to do so.
6. What are the legal grounds for handling personal information?
Data protection laws require that, where we're processing your personal data, we must satisfy at least one prescribed condition for processing. These are set out in data protection law and we rely on a number of different conditions for the activities we carry out.
Learn more
Necessary for performance of a contract or to comply with law
In most cases, the information described above will be provided to us by you because you want to take services from us or engage with us and our use of your information will be governed by
contract terms
. Giving this information to us is therefore your choice. If you choose not to give all or some of it to us, this may affect our ability to provide the services you want, to you. We may rely on this condition for processing in the following scenarios:-
To enable you to access our website and use our services.
To let you know about significant changes to product, terms or privacy policy.
To confirm your identity and authenticate the information you provide.
To process payments and collect arrears.
To provide and improve customer support.
To provide you with information from your Experian Credit Report.
To provide you with additional services related to your Experian Credit Report information and Experian Credit Score.
To provide alerts.
To Lock or unlock your Experian Credit Report.
To send you service communications.
To resolve complaints and disputes where:
you are an existing Experian customer and/or;
your complaint/dispute relates to an FCA regulated part of our services
To provide comparison services and create eligibility ratings.
To provide information related to your use of our comparison services.
To send you personalised product updates.
To provide the Experian Credit Score and send you credit score notifications.
To provide services that use your bank account information.
To comply with the law.
Investigation, detection and prevention of crime.
Consent
We obtain your consent when we use non-essential cookies, or technology similar to cookies, and/or collect information about the device you use to access our website. Sometimes we work with third parties who carry out these activities on our behalf. You will be asked to consent to the use of non-essential cookies before using our website. Further information about the cookies is included in our
Cookies & online marketing page
.
We may also rely on consent in the following scenarios:-
Market research
– we may send you invitations to participate in market research (see below). If you do so, your feedback is given with your consent.
Administration of prize draws, competitions, membership offers, surveys and other promotional activities.
Necessary in our legitimate interests or those of a third party
In the United Kingdom, we can also use personal information where the benefits of doing it are not outweighed by the interests or fundamental rights or freedoms of individuals. The law calls this the "Legitimate Interests" condition for processing. Where we rely on it, the benefits being pursued by us are:-
Marketing
To send you communications (whether by post, email, SMS or in app), for digital advertising with partners such as Google and Meta, for affiliate marketing and to create marketing content and refine our marketing strategies.
Fraud investigation, detection and prevention
Identifying and stopping fraud, including fraudulent access to our services.
Internal training purposes
To enable us to train our staff to better provide services to our customers.
To maintain our records and other administrative functions.
Reporting, analytics and product development
To provide management information and information to continue to provide our services efficiently at scale, to help improve our services and communications, and those of our partners. To develop our products and those of other Experian businesses outside of Experian Consumer Services. We may create anonymous data for these purposes.
To help our partners develop and improve the products and services they offer you.
To personalise your experiences on our websites and apps so that we can tailor the services we provide to you and how we communicate with you.
To resolve complaints and disputes where you are no longer an Experian customer and your complaint or dispute is not about an FCA regulated part of our services
– we will need to use customer data when looking into queries and complaints.
To improve data accuracy and completeness
When you register for or use our services you may supply us with information about yourself which we will use to improve our data accuracy and completeness across our wider business (including sharing your data with the Experian Credit Bureau for these purposes) and enable Experian to provide the most accurate data for our customers and clients.
Invitations to participate in market research
In order to improve the service we offer to customers, we may ask you to participate in research from time to time. It is entirely up to you whether you choose to do so.
To provide and improve customer support for non-Experian customers.
7. Who we share your personal information with
We share your personal information with those persons who need to handle it so we can provide the Experian products and services you’ve signed up to. We also share it with:
the Experian Credit Bureau (who may pass this on to Experian Marketing Services);
Experian’s ID&F business to provide services to help us confirm your identity and authenticate you and for product and services development and research;
Experian’s Marketing Services business to verify and update your IP address, which is used to improve the relevancy of marketing ads that you see from businesses they work with;
companies within the Experian group who manage some parts of the services for us; social media platforms, advertising networks, affiliate networks and search engines to help target and measure our digital marketing;
suppliers who provide services to us which require access to your personal information; and
resellers, distributors and agents involved in delivering the services we provide where necessary for them to do so.
Lastly, we may also provide your personal information to fraud prevention agencies. This is to protect the Experian group of companies and our customers, to keep our systems secure, or where it’s necessary to protect either yours or our best interests.
Learn more
Additional Experian business functions
Experian Credit Bureau
Personal data that you provide during registration (as described in the section
‘What information we collect’
) is shared with Experian’s Credit Bureau for the purposes of improving data accuracy and completeness. The Experian Credit Bureau may subsequently provide your data to Experian Marketing Services. Please see Section 4 ‘What kinds of personal data do credit reference agencies hold, and where do they get it from?’ of the
CRAIN
for further information.
Experian Marketing Services
As described in the section
‘Scope of this privacy policy’
, Experian Marketing Services also receives some personal data from Experian’s Credit Bureau, which was originally collected under this policy and during your registration for our services. Please see the ‘Credit Activity Data’ section of the
CIP
for further information.
Experian Pre-qualification Services
Personal data that you provide during registration (limited to your date of birth, surname, postcode and an internal ID) is shared with Experian’s Pre-qualification Services if you opt into Experian Boost. This is to ensure that a summary of your bank information is taken into consideration if you use another price comparison site or directly request a quotation or eligibility rating from a participating lender (who use Experian’s Pre-qualification services).
Group companies
As a member of the Experian group of companies, we can benefit from the large IT infrastructure and expertise that exists within our business. This means that the personal data you provide to us may be accessed by members of our group of companies for support and administrative purposes.
Social media platforms, advertising networks, affiliate networks and search engines
Subject to your preference settings, we will share information about you including your Contact Information, Credit information, information you provide to us when you use our services or interact with us, information about your visits to our website and other insight we learn about you, with social media platforms, advertising networks, search engines and affiliate networks such as Meta, Google, Bing (Microsoft) and Affiliate Window.
We use techniques to make sure we don’t give information such as your email address to someone who hasn’t already got it but are still able to work with partners to know when you’ve been to our website, and also been to – for example – Meta or an affiliate partner who introduced you to us.
We take steps to ensure all partners we share personal information treat it securely and only in accordance with our instructions where they are providing a service to us. However, in some instances, they may become joint or independent controllers of your data. For more information about our Partners and their processing of your personal data, see below.
Meta
When we share data with Meta, Meta Ireland 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland will be a joint controller of your personal data. You can read more about how Meta Ireland will process your personal data including what lawful basis they rely on and how you can exercise your rights in their
Data Policy
.
We have entered into a joint controller agreement with Meta Ireland which sets out our respective obligations in relation to the processing of your personal data. We have agreed as follows: -
(a) we are responsible for providing you with a link to the Meta Data Policy; and
(b) Meta Ireland is responsible for ensuring that you can exercise your data protection rights when it comes to personal data held by Meta Ireland.
Google
We have a contract in place with Google and they agree to process the personal data we provide to them for the purposes of providing the services to us and no other purposes. You can read more about how Google advertising works
here
and exercise your right to opt out and delete the information Google holds about you
here
.
Bing (Microsoft)
Microsoft receives personal data from us as data controller. You can find out how they will process your personal data
here
and exercise your right to opt-out
here
.
Affiliate Window
Affiliate Window tracks devices who have visited our website from an affiliate partner website or certain advertisements or offers aimed at driving traffic to our site. We have a contract in place with Affiliate Window. You may opt out of this tracking here:
https://www.awin.com/fr/cgv/optout
although this may interfere with your ability to earn cashback from sites such as TopCashback and Quidco which rely on this tracking.
Suppliers
We use several service providers to support our business and these service providers may have access to our systems and data in order to provide services to us and/or to you on our behalf.
Resellers, distributors and agents
We sometimes use organisations to help provide our products and services to clients and customers. Personal data may be provided to them in connection with this purpose.
Fraud prevention agencies
The personal information we have collected from you will be shared with fraud prevention agencies who will use it to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify your identity. Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information.
If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance, or employment. Further details of how your information will be used by us and these fraud prevention agencies can be obtained on the Cifas website.
We and other organisations may access and use the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies from other countries.
Public bodies, law enforcement and regulators
The police, other law enforcement agencies, regulators, as well as public bodies such as local and central authorities can sometimes request personal information. This may be for the purposes of preventing or detecting crime, apprehending or prosecuting offenders, assessing or collecting tax, investigating complaints or assessing how well a particular industry sector is working.
Brokers, lenders, aggregators and providers of credit and financial products
In some circumstances, we will share credit report information and your personal information (such as name and address) with brokers, lenders and providers of credit and financial products themselves for purposes that may include:
verifying your eligibility for the products;
verifying suitability of products;
those set out in the financial services provider’s terms and conditions and/or its privacy policy relevant to the product you are searching for - a list of our brokers, lenders and providers of credit and financial products can be found
here
;
assisting you in completing your application to the financial services product provider (which may include pre-populating the application form on their website);
contacting you regarding credit and financial products; and complying with any contractual, legal and/or regulatory obligations;
providing analysis and insight to help the financial services providers to improve the products and services that they offer to our customers.
We may also share your personal and credit information with lenders or brokers returned as part of your search to enable them to conduct their own analysis, in order to develop and improve the products and services they offer.
Where we share your personal and credit information with these firms, they become controller of your data.
These firms may also receive summarised bank transaction data that we hold about you if you opt into our Experian Boost open banking service. The data will only be used as described in the Experian Boost part of the
‘How we use your information’
section of this privacy policy.
Individuals
You can obtain a copy of the information we hold about you. See section 'Your rights to how we use your personal information' for further information on how you can do this.
8. Where in the world do we send information?
Experian is based in the UK, which is where our main databases are. We also operate elsewhere in and outside the European Economic Area, so we may access your personal information from and transfer it to these locations as well. Don't worry though, any personal information we access from or transfer to these locations is protected by European data protection standards.
While countries in the European Economic Area all ensure rigorous data protection laws, there are parts of the world that may not be quite so rigorous and don't provide the same quality of legal protection when it comes to your personal information.
To make sure we keep your personal information safe, we apply strict safeguards when transferring it overseas. For example:
Sending your personal information to countries approved by the European Commission as having high quality data protection laws, such as Switzerland, Canada and the Isle of Man.
Putting in place a contract that has been approved by the European Commission with the recipient of your personal information that provides a suitable level of protection.
Sending your personal information to an organisation which is a member of a programme certified by the European Commission as having in place equivalent protections to those in the EEA and UK.
9. Your rights to how we use your personal information
It is important that you understand your rights in relation to your personal information and how you can contact us if you have questions or concerns.
Learn more
If you've given us consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us at
uk.dpo@experian.com
. You can also make changes to that preference in your Experian account. If the consent relates to cookies, you can withdraw or amend your consent by at any time by using the
“Cookies & online marketing”
link at the bottom of each page.
You can also ask for access to the personal information we hold about you by visiting
https://www.experian.co.uk/consumer/data-access
.
You have the right to object to our use of your personal data. We will do as you ask where possible and in line with applicable law.
You also have the right to request that we correct any mistakes, restrict processing or delete your data. It’s worth noting that in some cases if you do ask us to correct, delete or stop processing data, we won’t always be required to do so. For example, some of the data we hold about you is data we have created from profiling activities to predict certain things about you, such as the data referred to in sections
'To provide the Experian Credit Score and send you credit score notifications'
,
'To provide services that use your open banking information'
and
'Marketing'
in respect of the data we receive from Experian Marketing Services. This created data is not factual data, it is Experian’s opinion and you do not have a right to correct it if you disagree with Experian’s opinion. Where your rights don’t apply, we will explain why. To use these rights, contact us at
uk.dpo@experian.com
.
We will try to ensure that we deliver the best levels of customer service but if you think we are falling short of that commitment, please let us know by contacting our data protection officer at
uk.dpo@experian.com
.
The section
‘Marketing’
tells you how to opt-out of marketing.
In certain circumstances (e.g. where you provide your information to us (a) with consent to process it or (b) where the processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you) you can require that we provide the information we hold about you either to you or a third party in a commonly used format. This only applies if we are processing it using automation only. If you would like more information about this, let us know by contacting us at
uk.dpo@experian.com
.
We will try to ensure that we deliver the best levels of customer service but if you think we are falling short of that commitment, please let us know by contacting us at
uk.dpo@experian.com
.
If you’re still unhappy with any aspect of how we handle your personal information you also have the right to contact the privacy supervisory authority that regulates handling personal information in the country where you are resident. The relevant supervisory authorities for this privacy policy are:
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
, the supervisory authority that regulates handling of personal information in the UK. You can contact them by:
Going to their website at
https://ico.org.uk/
.
Phone on 0303 123 1113
Post to Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF
Jersey Office of the Information Commissioner
, the supervisory authority that regulates the handling of personal information in Jersey. You can contact them by:
Going to their website at
https://jerseyoic.org/make-a-complaint/
.
Phone on 01534 716530
Post to Jersey Office of the Information Commissioner 2nd Floor, 5 Castle Street, St. Helier, Jersey, JE2 3BT.
The Office of the Data Protection Authority
, the supervisory authority that regulates the handling of personal information in Guernsey. You can contact them by:
Going to their website at
https://www.odpa.gg/for-individuals/make-a-complaint/
.
Phone on 01481 742074
Post to The Office of the Data Protection Authority Block A, Lefebvre Streer, St Peter Port, GY1 2JP.
Isle of Man Information Commissioner
, the supervisory authority that regulates the handling of personal data in the Isle of Man. You can contact them by:
Going to their website at
https://www.inforights.im/complaint-handling/how-to-make-a-complaint-to-the-information-commissioner/
.
Phone on 01624 693260
Post to Isle of Man Information Commissioner, P.O. Box 69, Douglas, Isle of Man, IM99 1EQ
You may also see our full complaints handling procedure and how to make a complaint. If we cannot resolve things under that procedure, then you may have the right to refer your complaint, free of charge, to the UK Financial Ombudsman Service. This service is available to you if you live in Channel Islands or Isle of Man because Experian is a UK based business.
The contact details for the Financial Ombudsman Service are:
Telephone: 0300 123 9 123, or from outside the UK +44 20 7964 1000
Email:
complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk
Website:
https://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk
Address: Financial Ombudsman Service Exchange Tower London E14 9SR
10. How we keep your personal information secure
Online privacy and security is the most important aspect of any customer service and we take it extremely seriously. We use a variety of the latest technologies and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, destruction, use or disclosure.
Learn more
Experian have a comprehensive Global Security Policy based on internationally recognised standards of security (known as ISO27001 standard) and holds ISO27001 certification in the key areas of Global Security Admin team who are responsible for administering logical access to systems and in the Data Centre.
Experian has a dedicated Cyber Security Investigations team who safeguard Experian's key assets such as its systems and storage facilities. This team, identify and effectively manage any security developments that may threaten Experian's people, process, or technology through intervention and the thorough investigation of security incidents. Experian holds Cyber Essentials Certification and performs risk assessments against our critical and external facing applications annually.
Experian is annually audited by an External QSA (Qualified Security Assessor) from Trustwave and have successfully maintained compliance since 2010.
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We can update this Privacy Policy at any time and ideally you should check it regularly for updates. We won't alert you to every little change, but if there are any really important changes to the Policy or how we use your information we'll let you know and where appropriate ask for your consent. Previous versions of this Privacy Policy are available upon request.
We, and our partners (such as Facebook and Google), use optional tools including tracking tags and cookies to tailor your online experience, improve our products and enhance services for the organisations we work with.
For descriptions of each tool visit our
Cookies & online marketing page
. Click ‘Accept all’ to enable them, 'Reject all' to decline or ‘Settings’ to select your preferences. A link to change your settings is on every page.
Accept all
Settings
Reject All
Please select your options below.
You can update your preferences at any time by using the ‘Cookies & online marketing’ link at the bottom of each page.
Performance and analytics
These cookies monitor how the website is performing and how customers use our site (e.g. pages visited, device type, traffic sources etc.), allowing us to improve and tailor the user experience of the site to be relevant to you and your interests.
Our advertising
These cookies and tracking tags help us show you online advertisements tailored to your interests and find customers that might be interested in our products. They can gather information about you and your interactions with us and our partners. Disabling these won't stop you seeing ads, however they will be less personalised.
Third-party advertising
This tracking tag helps brands and public sector organisations that the Experian Marketing Services part of our business work with show you more relevant adverts across websites, TV and social media. It gathers information that's used to inform personalised adverts and online experiences. To learn more, visit our
Consumer Information Portal
.
Strictly Necessary
We also set cookies for 'strictly necessary' purposes. Read more on the use of cookies and other tools on our
Cookies & online marketing page
.
Save settings
Accept all
Sub-policy 1
https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/hmpo-privacy-information-notice/privacy-information-notice-accessible-version:
Cookies on GOV.UK
We use some essential cookies to make this website work.
We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services.
We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services.
You have accepted additional cookies.
You can
change your cookie settings
at any time.
You have rejected additional cookies.
You can
change your cookie settings
at any time.
Accept additional cookies
Reject additional cookies
View cookies
Hide this message
Skip to main content
Home
Entering and staying in the UK
HMPO privacy information notice
HM Passport
Office
Contents
How we manage your data
Introduction
Who we are
1.
Your personal data
2.
What personal information is held on a passport?
3.
What information is shown on a birth, death or marriage / civil partnership and adoption certificate?
4.
Your rights in relation to the processing of your personal data
5.
Making a request for your data
6.
Exemptions to the right to subject access
7.
Restrictions
8.
Rectification and erasure of data and restriction of processing
9.
Our responsibilities
10.
Third parties and business partners
11.
Other sources of advice and assistance
Annex A
Print this page
© Crown copyright 2024
This publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated. To view this licence, visit
nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3
or write to the Information Policy Team, The National Archives, Kew, London TW9 4DU, or email:
psi@nationalarchives.gov.uk
.
Where we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from the copyright holders concerned.
This publication is available at https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/hmpo-privacy-information-notice/privacy-information-notice-accessible-version
July 2024
How we manage your data
How we use your information
His Majesty’s Passport Office is responsible for the issue of the UK passport and for administering the civil registration process in England and Wales including a publicly accessible central index of registration events.
We will process your data when you make or countersign an application, use civil registration services, contact us for information or use your passport.
We process your data to decide whether to issue, refuse or withdraw a product or service, to comply with our legal obligations or to carry out necessary tasks in the public interest.
We may contact you directly to request further information about your application, remind you that your passport is due to expire, or ask you about the services we provide.
How we share your information
We will only share data when it is legal to do so. We will retain your information only for as long as is necessary and will never share your data for marketing purposes.
You have the right to be told if we hold any personal information about you and if so to be given a copy. We may restrict the information we provide to you for the purposes of law enforcement.
We may pass your data to organisations in the UK and abroad. We may share data with business partners, other government departments, law enforcement agencies and local authorities to help fulfil their aims and objectives.
Your data may be checked against information from other organisations to prevent or detect crime.
If you deliberately give untrue or misleading information to HM Passport Office you could be prosecuted.
More information
We will do our upmost to ensure we record accurately information provided on applications.
For more information on how we process your personal data please see HM Passport Office Privacy Information Notice on GOV.UK
For more information on how to contact us or register a complaint visit His Majesty’s Passport Office pages on GOV.UK
If you do not wish to be contacted for customer research purposes, please inform a member of staff.
Introduction
This document explains your rights as an individual when using services provided by His Majesty’s Passport Office (HM Passport Office).
The Privacy Information Notice for other areas of the Home Office are covered here:
Borders, Immigration and Citizenship: Privacy Information Notice
The
Home Office Personal Information Charter can be accessed on GOV.UK
.
Who we are
HM Passport Office is part of The Home Office.
HM Passport Office is responsible for the services and issue of UK passports and for administering the civil registration process in England and Wales.
1.
Your personal data
We will collect personal data when:
Customers make an application for a passport.
Referees corroborate an applicant’s identity on a passport application.
During a passport interview to confirm identity. A digital audio recording of the interview will be retained for 28 days.
We receive information about registration of a birth, death, marriage, civil partnership in England and Wales from local registrars or from the British authorities such as Armed Forces or a consul where the event is registered overseas.
We receive information about a parental order, adoption or gender recognition certificate.
An application is made for a Civil Registration certificate.
We receive further information from customers or a third party in connection with a passport or registration event, for example, if you apply for a birth, marriage or death entry to be corrected.
This information will be used, as appropriate, to enable us to:
Verify an identity and nationality to make a decision on an application and assist in delivery of our services
Verify customer’s entitlement to hold a UK passport, for example being subject to a football banning order
Verify information about passport or civil registration record once it has been made
Create a central record of registration events for England and Wales and produce indexes to enable any member of the public to apply for and obtain copies of certificates
Complete our response to any queries or comments customers submit about their own application
Improve our customer services
1.1
Cookies
When using our online services, we place small amounts of information on devices, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify users personally. Our cookies policy provides more information:
https://www.gov.uk/help/cookies
2.
What personal information is held on a passport?
A passport will contain the following personal information:
Passport number
Surname
First name(s)
Date of birth
Place of birth
Gender
Digitised image (photograph)
Signature (if recorded digitally).
Personal information and digitised image are located on the personal details page of the passport. The page is in two parts. The upper part is for visual inspection, while the lower part consists of two lines of print which can be read by special passport-reading equipment at immigration controls – it contains no additional information compared to what is listed on the page already. It simply repeats this information in a way that can be easily read by such equipment. Depending on how old a passport is, it will either contain a digitised image of a signature or the passport holder’s handwritten signature.
In 2006, HM Passport Office introduced the e-passports, which include a chip. The chip stores a digitised image and the personal information printed on the personal details page of the passport, there is no personal information held on the chip that cannot be seen already.
Once information has been placed on the chip, it cannot be amended. When the chip is being read by passport reading equipment, the information on the chip is protected against third parties reading the information from a distance (known as “eavesdropping” or “skimming”) by an advanced digital encryption technique.
Lost or stolen passports
You should report a lost or stolen passport as soon as possible. This will reduce the risk of anyone else using your passport or your identity. You can report your passport lost or stolen by:
going to the GOV.UK website:
Cancel a lost or stolen passport
reporting the loss or theft to a consulate or embassy post (overseas)
completing a paper notification form (known as an LS01)
applying to replace the passport, giving the details of the loss (or theft) on the passport application.
3.
What information is shown on a birth, death or marriage / civil partnership and adoption certificate?
The format of birth, marriage and death certificates has varied over the years and the content may differ depending on when the event was registered, but generally speaking will include the following information:
Birth:
Registration district and sub district of birth
Entry number, date and place of birth
Name and surname
Sex
Name, surname and occupation of father/parent (if recorded)
Name, surname and occupation of mother
Usual address
Name, surname and usual address of the informant (if not the mother or father/parent)
Date of registration
Name of registrar
Death:
Registration district and sub district of death
Entry number
Sex, date and place of death
Name, surname, maiden name (if applicable)
Occupation and usual address of the deceased
Date and place of birth of the deceased
Name, surname and usual address of the informant
Cause of death
Date of registration
Name of the registrar
Marriage:
District of marriage
Place of marriage
Entry number
Date of marriage
Name and surname of parties to the marriage
Date of birth, condition, and occupation
Residence at the time of the marriage
Name, surname and occupation of each party’s mother/father/parent (if provided by the parties to the marriage)
Signatures of both parties
Name and surname of witnesses
Signature of the person(s) who officiated at the marriage
Adoption:
Entry number
Date of birth
Registration district and sub district of birth, or place and country of birth (if born abroad)
Name and surname
Sex
Name and surname, address and occupation of the parent(s) of the adopted child
Date of adoption order or date on which the adoption was affected
Description of court by whom effected
Date of entry
Signature of officer deputed by Registrar General to attest the entry
Civil Partnership:
Registration Authority where the civil partnership was registered
Date and place of civil partnership registration
Name and surname of civil partners
Date of birth, condition and occupation of the civil partners
Residence at the time of the civil partnership registration
Name, surname and occupation of each civil partner’s mother/father/parent (if provided by the civil partners)
Signatures of civil partners
Name and surname of witnesses
Signature of civil partnership registrar
4.
Your rights in relation to the processing of your personal data
You have the right to be told if HM Passport Office holds any personal information about you. These are sometimes known as “subject access” rights.
The UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR) also provides you with other rights about how your personal information is handled. We will help you exercise your data protection rights by complying with the UK GDPR, including meeting rights to:
Request a copy of the personal information we hold, subject to a number of exceptions under data protection and civil registration law.
The personal information will be provided in a clear form.
Make sure that the personal information we hold is accurate.
Ask for a correction if necessary and where legislation allows.
Expect that personal information gathered during the passport process is never used for the purpose of direct marketing. Please note that civil registration records are records which the public have access to and it is a matter for any purchaser of that record to ensure that personal information is used lawfully.
Expect processing of your personal information in a way that is likely to cause damage or distress is prevented or ceased.
Ask that a decision which would significantly affect you should not be taken by automatic means.
Automated Decision Making
We use personal data to develop tools that allow us to assess and then process applications in a particular way. Automation within the application process will comply with our wider obligations under equality legislation. This helps us to target our resources and ensure our processing is efficient, allowing us to minimise costs while protecting the public effectively.
Parts of our processing involve degrees of automation, but complex or adverse decisions will always be taken by a trained officer or caseworker.
5.
Making a request for your data
For help with current passport application queries or complaints, please contact HMPO Helpline (0300 222 0000, Textphone: 18001 0300 222 0222)
You can submit a request for your data in writing or verbally to any part of the organisation Our preferred customer contact point for personal data requests is:
Disclosure of Information Section
His Majesty’s Passport Office
2 East Station Road
Fletton Quays
Peterborough
PE2 8YY
Email:
DPA.Queries@hmpo.gov.uk
To make a request for your data you will need to provide information to help us find your records. At a minimum, this should include:
Your full name
Your date of birth
Your address
Any previous name you were known by
If applicable, your UK passport number, (if you have lost your passport, please try to provide us with an approximate date and place of issue).
You will need to provide us with a means of verifying your identity. The best way of doing this is to provide a copy of the personal details page of your passport. If you do not have a passport, we will accept a photocopy of your photo card driving licence or another form of official photo ID.
We have developed a subject access request form to help you provide all the information we need in order to deal with your application as quickly and smoothly as possible. Download the
Subject access request form
here.
You do not need to use the subject access request form to request your personal information if you do not wish to. We will be happy to help you complete the request. The Citizens Advice Bureau may also be able to help.
Requests relating to immigration status or whether you hold British Citizenship will not be treated as a Subject Access Request under Article 15 of the UK GDPR following guidance from the Information Commissioners Office.
If you are living in the UK the GOV.UK website can be used to apply online for confirmation of immigration status or confirmation that you have not gained British Citizenship:
Nationality Services Base Product (visas-immigration.service.gov.uk)
The online service is not available if you live in the Channel Islands, on the Isle of Man or in a British Overseas Territory. If you cannot, or do not wish to use the online service or live outside the UK a postal application is available on the GOV.UK website:
Apply for proof that you do not have British citizenship (form NQ) - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk)
Where a request applies solely to information contained as part of a civil registration record, such as a birth registration, an application for a copy of the certificate can be made by applying online through the GOV.UK website:
https://www.gov.uk/order-copy-birth-death-marriage-certificate
or by contacting the Registration Office at the local authority for the area where the registration event occurred and the record is held.
6.
Exemptions to the right to subject access
There are specific exemptions within the UK General Data Protection Regulation and the Freedom of Information Act 2000, allowing us to refuse requests for personal information where providing personal information would be likely to:
Prejudice the prevention or detection of crime.
Disclose personal information about another person.
Disclose adoption records for those not yet 18 years old.
Disclose information which relates to a person who has made an application under the Gender Recognition Act.
When we use an exemption set out in legislation we will let you know about this in our response to your request. Consideration will be carried out in accordance with the Guides to Information provided by the Information Commissioner’s Office.
7.
Restrictions
HM Passport Office can restrict your right to information if doing so would be a necessary and proportionate measure to:
avoid obstructing an official or legal inquiry, investigation or procedure.
avoid prejudicing the prevention, detection, investigation or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties.
protect public security.
protect national security; or
protect the rights and freedoms of others.
In such circumstances HM Passport Office will notify you in writing of the following:
what information has not been provided, and the reasons for this.
your rights of complaint to the Information Commissioner, and to apply to a court.
This requirement to provide information about the exercise of the restriction does not apply if the Home Office decides this would undermine the purpose of applying the restriction.
Because of the legal basis by which we process data a right to data portability does not apply.
8.
Rectification and erasure of data and restriction of processing
HM Passport Office will do its upmost to ensure it records accurately the information provided on applications. If errors exist customers can contact HM Passport Office to correct records. Customers may need to provide evidence to support a change in order to reduce the risk of crime or fraud. HM Passport Office may refuse to amend records where sufficient evidence is not available or where a request is not within its legal jurisdiction.
The personal data collected from applications is used to administer existing services, such as confirming the validity of passports or protecting individuals against fraudulent applications submitted in their identity. The erasure or restricted processing of data collected would have a disproportionate impact upon the ability of HM Passport Office to carry out its core functions. Requests for restrictions of processing will be limited to requests to be excluded from customer research.
Please see the contact details section of this document for information on opting out of customer research.
9.
Our responsibilities
9.1
Our commitment to you
Our aim is to safeguard and manage personal information and ensure that it is held safely and securely. This will ensure that we protect customers personal identity and support the wider Home Office public protection agenda of combating fraud and identity theft.
We will do that by delivering policies and processes that meet the key values of:
Transparency: We will provide clear and accessible information about how and why we gather, use, retain and share personal information as well as making customers aware of how to exercise their rights to access or amend their information.
Trusted and Secure: We will ensure the security and accuracy of personal information, protecting it from loss or unauthorised disclosure. We will ensure that we manage this effectively, regularly monitoring and improving how our processes work. The overall security of processing is deemed sufficient to protect special category data including nationality, biometric (passport photos, etc) and children’s data as described in Article 9 (2) (g) of UK GDPR.
Benefits to the Citizen: We will ensure that our management of personal information delivers benefits to the law-abiding citizen, either as an individual (e.g. by helping people travel abroad or access a service) or as a member of society (e.g. by helping protect the public). We will only share personal information with others when Ministers have agreed that such benefits exist in those circumstances, or where there is provision in law to provide access to information.
Proportionality: We will only gather personal information that is needed for carrying out our duties. We will not keep it for any longer than is necessary, ensuring that it is only seen by those who need it to do their jobs. We will only share information with others where the law allows this and we will provide the minimum amount of information needed to achieve the benefit
Value for Money: We will ensure that we manage our data in a cost-effective way to ensure we deliver value for money to those who pay fees for our services.
For more information visit:
https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/hm-passport-office/about
9.2
How we use the personal information you provide us
Personal data is processed lawfully under Article 6 (1) (c) and/or (e) of the UK GDPR. Article 6 (1) (c) relates to the lawful processing of personal data for compliance with legal obligations to which the data controller is subject. Article 6 (1) (e) relates to the lawful processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the data controller. UK GDPR places restrictions on the processing of sensitive data known as Special Category Data. We will process Special Category data such as biometric, nationality and genetic data under Article 9 of UK GDPR. Biometric and nationality data is processed under UK GDPR Article 9 (2) (g) - substantial public interest. Where customers have decided to voluntarily submit evidence of genetic relationships in support of an application it will be processed with the explicit consent of all parties under Article 9 (2) (a) consent.
In addition, we use personal information we hold for a number of other purposes:
Customer Research: Customers may be contacted about the services we offer and to get customer opinion about how such services should be run in the future. You may be contacted by customer research companies appointed by HM Passport Office to carry out surveys on our behalf.
Training and Assurance: We use personal information when training our staff – primarily when training those conducting interviews or dealing with customers over the telephone. We will review personal information as a necessary part of conducting audits to ensure that our staff are carrying out their duties effectively and in accordance with the law.
Testing our systems: We prefer to use “dummy” or anonymised data for testing our IT systems but exceptionally, we use some personal information to assist in testing our systems effectively where no other reasonable alternative exists. In such circumstances, we ensure that the security and integrity of personal data is never put at risk.
Statistical analysis: In order to review the effectiveness of our services, we will collate information to measure and judge our performance. Wherever possible, we will use anonymised data to achieve this but some personal information may be involved in conducting such analysis where no reasonable alternative exists.
Customer Service Messaging: In some cases, we will send customers a text, email or letter acknowledging receipt of an application, confirming successful completion of an application or to confirm an appointment, when customers have provided us with a mobile telephone number or email address. We will also attempt to send a text, email or letter to remind customers when their passport is reaching the end of its validity.
Images in Publications and Projects: Data subjects that volunteer or give permission to HM Passport Office to use their photographs in publications or projects will be asked for consent to use their image. Consent is provided under Article 6 (1) (a) of the UK General Data Protection Regulation and data subjects can withdraw consent at any time.
Detecting and preventing crime
The data provided in applications is also used to identify fraud patterns and develop fraud risk indicators.
Passport photographs submitted with passport applications may be compared against other passport photographs to prevent and detect identity fraud and may be shared with other agencies to fulfil their aims and objectives where there is a legal gateway to do so.
Passport photographs submitted with passport applications may be compared against facial images from law enforcement agencies in order to prevent or detect crime as well as assisting in the locating or apprehension of known criminals/suspects. We only share data when it is legal and proportionate to do so.
9.3
Information from third parties.
We will obtain personal data relating to British Citizenship applications collected by UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI). HM Passport Office will only retain the minimum information needed to process a passport application which include a photo of the data subject. The data will be retained irrespective of the data subject submitting a passport application and may be used in the detection and prevention of crime.
We may request information from other sources when you have applied for a passport or contacted us about a registration event. We will do this in order to verify information or the authenticity of supporting documents provided. This includes:
Contacting someone chosen to corroborate an identity
Obtaining information from other government departments or a credit reference agency
Contacting the issuer of a supporting document provided with an application to ensure that it is authentic – this applies to documents issued in the UK and overseas
Other than the persons chosen to corroborate an identity, information from third parties will only be sought where there is legal power to do so or it is expressly to prevent or detect criminal activity.
9.4
Where is my personal data held and for how long?
Databases hosting passport and civil registration records are located in the UK. Passport application details submitted via online channels are processed within the EEA and held for 28 days after the application is passed for issue and then deleted from the online channel. Our IT systems are subject to security oversight and review in compliance with agreed Government standards. A record held in other formats such as paper or microfiche are similarly subject to oversight and review.
Where passports are applied for overseas, records of application are held securely overseas by our commercial partner VFS Global or at consular posts by the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office. In some circumstances, our customer research partners may store information securely overseas when they are collecting information from participants. We tell participants when this is the case at the point of collection.
The information gathered from passport or certificate applications will be destroyed at different times based on the information in question and how long it is necessary to keep it. For example: Personal information obtained from other organisations in order to verify information on a passport application or to support an interview will be deleted 28 days after a passport has been issued. Such information may be retained for longer where the application was refused or it is required for the purpose of the prevention or detection of crime. When contacting the HMPO Helpline (0300 222 0000, Textphone: 18001 0300 222 0222) calls will be recorded and stored for 6 months.
Information about passport deliveries are ordinarily retained for three months for UK deliveries and six months for overseas deliveries in order to address any subsequent queries from customers and to retain evidence of delivery or attempted delivery. Such information may be retained for longer where it is required for the purpose of the prevention or detection of crime.
We keep records of civil registration events indefinitely as a record to which the public has access. Records of what passports have been issued and the key information included on such passports are kept for 80 years. Information will be recorded as part of dealing with any applications or queries you make – for example, case notes on how we make a decision on your passport application or whether to correct a civil registration record.
We keep our retention periods under review and will update this section should we make changes.
For more information see
What to keep: Home Office guide to managing information.
9.5.
How is my information shared?
HM Passport Office shares data with other government departments, law enforcement agencies and local authorities to help fulfill their aims and objectives. HM Passport Office primarily relies upon common law as its legal basis for sharing data.
The Registrar General relies on a specific legal gateway as the legal basis for sharing data. A copy of any register entry will be provided by the Registrar General in accordance with the law to any applicant, provided they supply enough information to identify the entry concerned and pay the appropriate fee. The copy can only be issued in the form of a paper certified copy (a “certificate”). A PDF or digital image can also be obtained from the General Register Office for historical births (over 100 years old), and deaths registered up to 1957. An application for a certificate can also be made to the local office where the event was registered.
A central index of registration events is publicly available in order to help members of the public identify the registration record they might need. Information about the indexes can be found at
Research your family history using the General Register Office
.
Civil registrations records are also shared for:
Statistical or research purposes
Administrative purposes by official bodies e.g. for ensuring records are up to date
Fraud prevention or detection.
Life Events Verification (LEV) is a service that provides for the electronic verification of civil registration data to government departments. LEV will enable government departments where a legal gateway allows the data to be shared and approval has been given by the Registrar General, including HMRC and UKVI, to verify civil partnerships and also to verify births, marriages, and deaths registered in England and Wales after 2009 instead of checking a paper birth certificate.
A full list of the Registrar General’s data sharing arrangements can be found at
Annex A
Other services provided by HM Passport Office:
Passport Validation Service (PVS) to support the business community and government departments in preventing fraud and crime.
This includes:
Law enforcement agencies to help prevent and detect crime
For employment purposes to confirm the identity and immigration status of potential employees
Facilitate passport and consular services overseas
Financial services to prevent or detect fraud.
Other government agencies to help fulfill their aims and objectives.
The PVS service will validate information provided by a PVS customer but will not provide personal information. Law enforcement organisations, and other government departments access the Data Verification Application (DVA) system records directly and therefore have access to personal data. Data sharing will only take place where there is a lawful basis that permits the data sharing to occur.
9.6.
Information transferred outside of the United Kingdom
For overseas applications, information regarding the delivery of a passport or certificate will be shared with DHL Global Forwarding (UK) Ltd who provide delivery services overseas. Customer data may be stored outside of the United Kingdom by DHL Global Forwarding (UK) Ltd but will be stored in a manner that meets HM Passport Office standards.
HM Passport Office shares information with overseas law enforcement agencies such as Interpol or Home Office staff overseas for the purpose of preventing, investigating and prosecuting crime and fraud overseas and in the UK.
VFS Global, The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and FCDO Services receive and facilitate the processing of some British passport applications made overseas on our behalf.
HM Passport Office may contact applicants, or persons chosen to corroborate an application who may be located outside of the United Kingdom, directly by email, text, phone or post. HM Passport Office cannot assure the integrity of communications or IT systems which do not form part of HM Passport Office services or those of its business partners.
10.
Third parties and business partners
10.1
Who has access to my personal information?
HM Passport Office does not share data unless it is lawful, proportionate and relevant to do so.
As part of our operational processes personal information will only be available to those who have a need to see it in order to carry out their duties. We have put in place a range of policies, processes, and system controls in order to enforce this principle. Staff who have access to personal information are subject to pre-employment vetting appropriate to their role and are subject to random audit and review.
A number of organisations are contracted by or subject to agreement with the Director General of HM Passport Office to deliver HM Passport Office services. To do this, they will often handle personal data on our behalf and under our instructions. These organisations, as “data processors”, conduct the following work:
Sopra Steria Limited: Opening passport applications received in the post and recording their contents onto our passport application processing system; and writing to you if we need some additional information to support your application. Authenticating supporting documentation as part of the Scanning and Validation Service.
Iron Mountain: In partnership with Sopra Steria to provide the Scanning and Validation Service. Storage and retrieval services for HM Passport Office and Civil Registration Services.
DXC: Developing and supporting our online application channel, passport application processing system, passport records database and supporting IT systems.
Thales: Printing passports where an application has been approved by HM Passport Office.
DHL Global Forwarding (UK) Ltd: Delivering passports and returning supporting document to customers outside of the UK. DHL Global Forwarding (UK) Ltd are the data controllers for the customer data they process on our behalf. DHL Global Forwarding (UK) Ltd may contact customers by email, text or phone call regarding the delivery of a passport.
Amazon Web Services (AWS): Storage of on-line passport application data.
Credit reference agencies: Supporting identity verification.
VFS Global: Provide passport application submission services, interview facilitation, DNA facilitation, and passport and document collection services overseas.
The Foreign, Commonwealth Development Office and FCDO Services: Receive and facilitate processing of some British passport applications made overseas on our behalf.
Home Office Digital Data and Technology: Host and maintain the computer systems used for the registration of births, deaths, marriages and civil partnerships and for online certificate ordering. Host and maintain computer systems in the UK for the storage of Digital Application Processing (DAP) applications
Post Office Ltd: Providing the Check & Send service which helps customers submit applications to HM Passport Office.
Royal Mail: Dispatch and delivery of Civil Registration documents and supporting passport documents where a secure delivery service has not been requested. Provide secure delivery of UK passports and supporting documents in the UK, as well as delivery service for Civil Registration and UK Visas & Immigration. Royal Mail are the data controllers for the customer data they process on our behalf. Royal Mail may contact customers by email, text or phone call regarding the delivery of a passport.
Teleperformance: Answering initial customer enquiries at our contact centre located in the UK for the Passport Advice Line and sending letters to invite some applicants to an interview. Processing reports of passports which have been reported as lost or stolen
Kainos, Equal Experts, ATOS, Automation Logic and BAE Systems assist with software and programme development of HM Passport Office systems.
Top Level: provision of appointment booking and queuing systems
IBM: Support for biometric verification services.
WorldPay: Accessed via GOV.UK Pay to process payments.
Worldreach: Supporting the processing of passport applications from British Overseas Territories.
ESynergy and Cognizant: Used to provide contractors for IT services. Private contractors are also appointed independently.
Serco: Answering initial customer enquiries at our contact centre located in the UK for the Passport Advice Line
10.2
Contact details
HM Passport Office is part of The Home Office.
The Home Office is the controller for passport data. The Office of the Data Protection Officer is responsible for data protection compliance within the Home Office and can be contacted at Office of the Data Protection Officer, Peel Building, 2 Marsham Street, London SW1P 4DF or Email:
dpo@homeoffice.gov.uk
.
The Director General of HM Passport Office, Joanna Rowland, is responsible for issuing passports on behalf of the Home Secretary under the powers of the Royal Prerogative.
The Registrar General for England and Wales, Tom Grieg, is responsible for the registration of life events such as births, deaths, marriages and civil partnerships in accordance with the law
[footnote 1]
. The service is delivered locally by registration officers and local authorities in England and Wales.
The Registrar General is the controller for civil registration data and can be contacted at General Register Office, Trafalgar Road, Southport, PR8 2HH. The Registrar General has appointed the Data Protection Officer for the Home Office to also be the Data Protection Officer for the Registrar General, they can be contacted at Office of the Data Protection Officer, Peel Building, 2 Marsham Street, London SW1P 4DF or Email:
dpo@homeoffice.gov.uk
.
The Superintendent Registrar for each registration district is also a controller for birth, death and marriage registrations and the relevant local authority is a controller for civil partnership registrations held locally.
If you do not wish to be contacted for customer research purposes you can contact
customerinsight@hmpo.gov.uk
asking to be opted out of customer research. In your email you should provide the following information:
Title
Full Name
Address
Date of Birth
Email address
Contact details for making a subject access request:
Disclosure of Information Section
His Majesty’s Passport Office
2 East Station Road
Fletton Quays
Peterborough
PE2 8YY
Email:
DPA.Queries@hmpo.gov.uk
If you are not satisfied by the service you have received from HM Passport Office or would like to discuss our response to a Data Subject rights request please contact:
Customer Service Management Team
HM Passport Office
PO Box 767
Southport
PR8 9PW
Or use the Passport Enquiries form on Gov.uk which can be found here:
Passport enquiries (eforms.homeoffice.gov.uk)
11.
Other sources of advice and assistance
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office about the way we are handling your personal information. Further information and advice can be obtained from the Information Commissioner and the Citizens Advice Bureau, whose contact details are as follows:
The Office of the Information Commissioner
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Website:
ICO.org.uk
Citizen Advice Bureau:
To find your nearest Citizens Advice Bureau, go to the “Get advice” pages of the
Citizens Advice website
Annex A
List of personal data processing activities by the Registrar General
1.    Collection of personal data
Data provider
Purpose
Information
Personal data
Statutory basis
Lawful basis (Under Article 6 UK GDPR)
Superintendent registrar
To compile and maintain a central record of birth registrations
Registration district and sub   district of birth
Entry   number, date and place of birth
Name   and surname
Sex
Name,   surname and occupation of father (if recorded)
Name,   surname and occupation of mother
Usual   address
Name,   surname and usual address of the informant (if not the mother or father)
Date   of registration
Name   of registrar
Yes
S27 Births and Deaths Registration Act 1953
6 (c) legal obligation
The rights to object to processing of personal data or have personal   data erased do not apply
Superintendent registrar
To compile and maintain a central record of death registrations
Registration district and sub district of death
Entry number, date and place of death
Name, surname, maiden name (if applicable)
Sex
Occupation and usual address of the deceased
Date and place of birth of the deceased
Name, surname and usual address of the informant
Cause of death
Date of registration
Name of the registrar
Yes, in relation to informant’s details
S27 Births and Deaths Registration Act 1953
6 (c) legal obligation
The rights to object to processing of personal data or have personal   data erased do not apply
Superintendent registrar
Statistical purposes
In relation to birth:
Age of mother
Age of father or parent (if   registered)
No. of previous children
Date of marriage or civil   partnership of parents (if appropriate)
Whether the mother had any marriage or civil   partnership before that date
In relation to death:
Condition of deceased (i.e.   single, married,  etc)
Age of surviving spouse or civil partner (if any)
Yes, as linked to registration record
S3 Population Statistics Act 1938
6 (c) legal obligation
The rights to object to processing of personal data or have personal   data erased do not apply
Superintendent registrar
Statistical purposes
In relation to birth:
Industry of employment and employment status
In relation to death:
Length of stay in a communal establishment
Industry of employment and employment status of   deceased
Yes, as linked to registration    record
No provision as collected voluntarily
6 (e) public task
The right to have personal data erased does not apply
Superintendent registrar
To compile and maintain a central record of marriage registrations
District of marriage
Place of marriage
Entry number
Date of marriage
Name and surname of parties to the marriage
Age, condition, rank or profession
Residence at the time of the marriage
Name, surname and rank or profession of each   party’s father
Signatures of both parties and their witnesses
Name of the person(s) who conducted, and   registered the marriage
Yes
S58 Marriage Act 1949
6 (c) legal obligation
The rights to object to processing of personal data or have personal   data erased do not apply
Parties who have formed a civil partnership
To compile and main a central record of civil partnership   registrations
Registration Authority where the civil partnership was registered
Date and place of civil partnership registration
Name and surname of civil partners
Date of birth, sex, condition and occupation of the civil partners
Residence at the time of the civil partnership registration
Father’s name, surname and occupation of each civil partner
Mother’s name, surname and occupation of each civil partner
Signatures of civil partners
Name and surname of witnesses
Signature of civil partnership registrar
Yes
S30 Civil Partnership Act
6 (c) legal obligation
The rights to object to processing of personal data or have personal   data erased do not apply
Adoption court orders from relevant courts in England and Wales and   some overseas adoptions
To compile and maintain a central record of adoptions
Entry number, date and place of   birth
Name and surname
Sex
Name, surname address and   occupation of parents
Date of adoption and name of court
Date of entry
Officer who attested the entry
Yes
S77 Adoption and Children Act 2002
6 (c) legal obligation
The rights to object to processing of personal data or have personal   data erased do not apply
Registrar
To ensure the records are accurate.
Birth registration data for   births in England and Wales along with the corresponding NHS number
Yes
S19AA Registration Service Act 1953
6(e) public task. The right to have personal data erased does not   apply.
2.    Sharing of registration information
Recipient
Purpose
Information
Personal data
Statutory provision
Lawful basis (under Article 6 UK GDPR)
Applicant for a certificate
To obtain a certified copy of a birth, death, marriage, civil   partnership or adoption entry
Where the applicant can identify the relevant entry and pay the fee,   all the information in a birth, death or marriage entry; name, surname and   date of birth for a short birth or adoption certificate; full details from a   civil partnership entry where the applicant can provide the address of the   civil partners; all information excluding address of the civil partners where   the applicant cannot provide it.
Yes
S30 and 33 Births and Deaths Registration Act 1953
S65 Marriage Act 1949
Regulation 13 Civil Partnership (Registration provisions) Regulations   2005
S78 Adoption and Children Act 2002
6 (c) legal obligation
The rights to object to processing of personal data or have personal   data erased do not apply
Statistics Board (Office for National Statistics)
To support UK Statistics Authority requirement to produce  statistical information
Birth, Death, Still-birth, Adoption, Marriage and
Civil partnership registrations
Any other birth or death information received by the RG (includes   Birth, Still-birth, and Death confidential and voluntary statistical   information)
Yes
S42 Statistics and Registration Service Act 2007
6 (e) public task
The right to have personal data erased does not apply
Secretary of State for Health and Social Care
To assist the Secretary of State in the performance of functions in   relation to health
Birth, Death and
Adoption registrations.
Any other birth and death information kept under legislation
Yes
S270 National Health Service Act 2006
6 (e) public task
The right to have personal data erased does not apply
Welsh Ministers (for Health)
To assist Welsh Ministers in the performance of functions in relation   to health
Birth, Death and Adoption registrations.
Any other birth and death information kept under legislation
Yes
S.201 National Health Service (Wales) Act 2006
6 (e) public task
The right to have personal data erased does not apply
Department for Education
For research purposes
For research purposes any information that relates to a person who was   or may have been under 18 at the time of death
Yes, in relation to the parents of the deceased and the informant
S32 Children and Young Persons Act 2008
6 (e) public task
The right to have personal data erased does not apply
Public sector agencies and law enforcement organisations
For the prevention, detection, investigation and prosecution of   offences
Verification of birth, death and marriage registration information   when requested
Yes
Schedule 6 Immigration Act 2014
6 (e) public task
The right to have personal data erased does not apply
His Majesty’s Passport office
To assist the Home Secretary in the performance of duties in   connection with passport issue
Verification of information provided for the purposes of, or in   connection with, an application for the issue of a passport, or determining   whether to withdraw an individual’s passport
Yes
S10 Identity Documents Act 2010
6 (e) public task
The right to have personal data erased does not apply
Variety of Libraries and Records Offices
For the RG to provide an index of registration events
A microfiche subset of birth, death, marriages, civil partnership,   adoption and overseas indexes
Yes
S30 Births and Deaths Registration Act 1953
S65 Marriage Act 1949
Regulation 13 Civil Partnership (Registration provisions) Regulations   2005
S78 Adoption and Children Act 2002
6 (c) legal obligation
The rights to object to processing of personal data or have personal   data erased do not apply
Adopted People
To enable adopted people to trace their original birth record
Information to allow them to purchase a certificate of  original birth record
Yes
S79 and  Schedule 2  Adoption and  Children Act 2002
6 (c) legal obligation
The rights to object to processing of personal data or have personal   data erased do not apply
Adoption Agencies (Intermediary Agencies)
To enable adopted people to trace their original birth record and make   contact with birth relatives
Information from the Adopted Children Register, Adoption Contact   Register, court details and original birth details as required
Yes
Regulation 13 Adoption Information and Intermediary Services   (Pre-Commencement Adoptions) and equivalent Welsh Regulations 2005.
The Disclosure of Adoption Information
(Post-Commencement Adoptions) Regulations   2005
Regulation 18 Access to Information (Post-Commencement
Adoptions) (Wales) Regulations 2005
6 (c) legal obligation
The rights to object to processing of personal data or have personal   data erased do not apply
Adopted people and birth relatives
To facilitate contact between adopted people and birth relatives
Information from adopted people and their relatives which is necessary   to complete an application for the Adoption Contact Register
Yes
S80 Adoption and Children Act 2002
6 (c) legal obligation
The rights to object to processing of personal data or have personal   data erased do not apply
Other government departments
To enable the recipient to exercise one or more of its functions
Birth, Death, Marriage and Civil partnership registrations
Yes
S19AA Registration Service Act 1953
6(e) public task. The right to have personal data erased does not   apply.
The main legislation governing civil registration is the Births and Deaths Registration Act 1953, the Marriage Act 1949 and the Civil Partnership Act 2004
↩
Back to top
Is this page useful?
Maybe
Yes
this page is useful
No
this page is not useful
Thank you for your feedback
Report a problem with this page
Help us improve GOV.UK
Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.
This field is for robots only. Please leave blank
What were you doing?
What went wrong?
Send
Cancel
Help us improve GOV.UK
To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today.
Please fill in this survey (opens in a new tab)
.
Cancel
Sub-policy 2
https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/dvla-privacy-policy/dvla-privacy-policy:
Cookies on GOV.UK
We use some essential cookies to make this website work.
We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services.
We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services.
You have accepted additional cookies.
You can
change your cookie settings
at any time.
You have rejected additional cookies.
You can
change your cookie settings
at any time.
Accept additional cookies
Reject additional cookies
View cookies
Hide this message
Skip to main content
Home
Transport
DVLA privacy policy
Driver & Vehicle
Licensing
Agency
Contents
1.
Introduction
2.
Information we hold about you
3.
If you use an online service and we need to check your identity
4.
When you open a Driver and vehicles account
5.
When you apply for a driving licence
6.
When you apply for a tachograph card
7.
When you apply to register or tax a vehicle
8.
When you apply for a trade plate
9.
When you apply to register for and pay the HGV road user levy
10.
When you apply to register a trailer
11.
When you buy a private (personalised) registration number
12.
When you apply to become a number plate supplier
13.
When you contact us about Clean Air Zones
14.
When you subscribe to receive DVLA email alerts
15.
Transfers of data outside of the UK
16.
When you have a query or complaint
17.
When you are a key stakeholder or supplier who have contracts and services with us.
18.
When you are an external visitor to a DVLA site
19.
How to contact DVLA’s Data Protection Manager
20.
Review
Print this page
© Crown copyright 2025
This publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated. To view this licence, visit
nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3
or write to the Information Policy Team, The National Archives, Kew, London TW9 4DU, or email:
psi@nationalarchives.gov.uk
.
Where we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from the copyright holders concerned.
This publication is available at https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/dvla-privacy-policy/dvla-privacy-policy
This privacy notice explains how DVLA processes your personal data. In particular, it explains how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your data.
1.
Introduction
DVLA aims to comply with all applicable data protection laws when processing your personal information. These laws are in place to safeguard your personal information and include measures covering data security, your rights regarding your personal data, and the use and disclosure of your data.
Further information on the standards you can expect from us is set out in our
personal information charter
.
Who we are
We are an
executive agency
of the
Department for Transport
. We are responsible for driver licensing in Great Britain (GB), as well as vehicle tax collection and enforcement, and registering vehicle keepers in the United Kingdom (UK). We hold more than 52 million driver records and 46 million vehicle records, and collect more than £7 billion annually in vehicle tax.
Our address is:
DVLA
Longview Road
Morriston
Swansea
SA6 7JL
What information DVLA collects about you
We collect information for a number of purposes. These include:
when you
apply for a driving licence
when you
apply for a tachograph card
when you
apply to register a vehicle in your name
when you
apply for a trade plate licence
when you
pay the HGV levy
when you
apply to register a trailer
when you
buy a private (personalised) registration number
when you
register to become a number plate supplier
when you
contact us about Charging Clean Air Zones
when you
subscribe to receive DVLA email alerts
when you
have a query or complaint
when you
are a key stakeholder or supplier who have contracts and services with us
We also process your data for research and statistical purposes.
Your rights
You have the following rights regarding how we use your data.
You have the right to know if we hold data about you, what it is, its source and how we use it. Find out how to
make a request for the data we hold on you
.
You have the right to complain to the
Information Commissioner
if you believe that we have handled your data inappropriately or we have not exercised any of your rights.
If you believe that the data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to request that we correct it without undue delay. We may need to investigate further to confirm that this is the case.
You have the right to have your data erased where there is no need for us to carry on holding it. However, where we have a legal right or obligation to hold your personal data, this right will not apply.
You have the right to have the processing of your personal information restricted where it is inaccurate or where the processing is unlawful.
You have the right not to be subject to decisions which have a legal or significant effect based solely on ‘automated processing’. This includes:
automatic individual decision-making (a decision is made solely by automated means without any human involvement)
profiling (personal data is processed automatically to evaluate certain things about an individual); profiling can be part of an automated decision-making process
You have the right to object to us processing your personal data in any of the following circumstances:
when it is based on ‘legitimate interests’ - this is when the processing is necessary for the controller’s or third party’s legitimate interests, except where these interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which protect your personal data
when it is based on the ‘public task condition’ - this means carrying out a specific task in the public interest which is laid down by law, or carrying out official authority (for example, a public body’s tasks, functions, duties or powers) which is laid down by law
direct marketing (including profiling)
scientific or historical research and statistics purposes
The following rights do not apply where processing is based on a legal obligation:
the right to object to processing
the right to data portability, which allows individuals to get and reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services
the right to withdraw consent
These rights are explained fully on the
Information Commissioner’s Office
website.
We will consider any request you make to us to exercise these rights within the timescales required by data protection law.
How long we keep information about you
How long we keep your information will depend on why we collected it and our ongoing need to keep it for those purposes. We will also adhere to any legal or regulatory requirements for keeping or deleting the data.
If we cannot specify how long we will need the data for, there will be a process in place to review this need at regular intervals.
Further information on the retention of data can be found in
Annex 1
.
Who we may share personal information with
Where it is lawful to do so, we may share your personal information with:
current and prospective employers
other government departments
suppliers
debt collection, tracing, and ID verification agencies
financial organisations
vehicle leasing and rental companies
police and enforcement bodies
prosecution authorities
courts, tribunals and parties to legal proceedings
industry regulators within UK and Europe
local government
someone making a legitimate query or complaint
survey and research organisations
foreign authorities in accordance with international legislation or agreements (for example, for the exchange of a driving licence or re-registration of a vehicle in another country)
translation service providers (some of the linguists are based in the EU)
private car parking management companies
insurance industries
other
DfT
agencies, for example the
Driver & Vehicle Standards Agency
In some circumstances we are legally obliged to share information and rely upon the lawfulness of UK
GDPR
Article 6.1.c (legal obligation) to do so. Examples include complying with a court order requiring us to provide the data or where we cooperate with other authorities in handling complaints, such as the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman.
We also share registered keeper details with authorised third parties and rely upon the lawfulness of UK
GDPR
Article 6.1.e (public task) to do so. Examples include the release of registered keeper details for both private and municipal parking management purposes, to local authorities and to other regulatory bodies so they can fulfil their statutory functions. Regulation 27 of the Road Vehicles (Registration and Licensing) Regulations 2002 provides a legal gateway for sharing registered keeper details for these purposes.
In any scenario, we’ll satisfy ourselves that we have a lawful basis on which to share the information. We’ll also document our decision making and satisfy ourselves we have a legal basis on which to share the information.
Find out more about who we share your data with
.
We share information with a third party fraud prevention agency to prevent fraud and protect your identity. Where we detect a fraudulent application for a driving licence or vehicle registration certificate, the fraud protection agency will keep a record of any fraud risk and this may result in others refusing to provide you with services, financing or employment. Find out more on
the Cifas website
.
We are a joint controller for the advertising we carry out with social media and search engine providers. Further privacy information can be found on the relevant sites using the following links:
https://m.facebook.com/policy.php
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB
https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en-gb/resources/policies/microsoft-advertising-privacy-policy
2.
Information we hold about you
You can ask for information that DVLA holds about you, by making a ‘subject access request’. To do this
make a subject access request to DVLA
You can either download a form, to attach to an email and send to
SubjectAccess.Requests@dvla.gov.uk
or print and send to
Subject Access Request (SAR) Enquiries
DVLA
Swansea
SA99 1BX
You will need to provide us with information to help prove your identity and find the information you are asking for so that we can process your request.
If you would like information about your current vehicle or a vehicle that used to be registered in your name, you will need to provide:
your full name
your current address and the address on your V5C registration certificate (log book) if it is different
the registration numbers of the vehicles you are asking about
If you would like information from your driver record you can get this by using our
online service
.
Or you can write to us providing your full name, current postal address, and your driving licence number (or date of birth if you don’t know your driver number).
If the data you require about yourself is not related to your vehicle or driver record, you must tell us exactly what further information you need.
There is no fee for making a subject access request. We will respond to a request within one month of receiving it, unless it is a complex request. In these cases, we will write to explain why there is a delay and when you can expect to get a response.
3.
If you use an online service and we need to check your identity
Some of our services require us to verify your identity. To do this we rely on your consent (UK
GDPR
Article 6.1.a) and will ask you to provide your name, address, date of birth, GB driving licence number (if you have one which we will validate using our records) and details of an identity document you hold.
When you use your National Insurance number or UK passport number, we will contact Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) or His Majesty’s Passport Office (HMPO) to help confirm your identity. If you use your non-UK passport, European national identity card, Biometric Residence Permit (BRP) or Biometric Residence Card (BRC) we will contact the Home Office to help confirm your identity.
We may also use an identity checking service provider to check whether there is a record of you existing over time. The identity platform does use an element of automated processing when verifying your identity. This is done using a specific set of rules. If you do not wish for your data to be processed in this way you are able to submit your applications via the manual route.
4.
When you open a Driver and vehicles account
You will need to set up an account using an email address, mobile telephone number (optional) and create a password.  These credentials will be saved so you can log in to your account. To be eligible to use the service, you will need to prove your identity.
Within the service you can:
view your driving record, for example vehicles you can drive
check your penalty points or disqualifications
add and view details of your vehicles - including when the MOT expires
check the tax rates for your vehicles
set up vehicle tax reminders by email and SMS - if you pay tax every 6 or 12 months
choose to stop getting vehicle tax reminders by post
renew your photocard driving licence
view a photo of your driving licence (you’ll need a valid photocard driving licence)
create a licence ‘check code’ to share your driving record with someone, for example a car hire company
view your Driver Certificate of Professional Competence (CPC) and tachograph information, if you have these
opt in to take part in research for the development of new services (please note you can opt out of this at anytime within your account)
DVLA relies upon UK
GDPR
Article 6.1.e as the lawful basis to process your data when is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
DVLA will not use this service to collect further personal details or driving licence information about you.  It is a service designed to allow you to have access to your driving licence and vehicle data.
If you no longer wish to have an account, you can delete it from within the service.
5.
When you apply for a driving licence
We may collect and process your personal information to allow us to carry out our legal obligations under the following legislation.
Road Traffic Act 1988
To issue provisional and full driving licences, replace lost licences, update licences with amended personal details or driving entitlement, and renew licences if you are disqualified from driving or your driving entitlement expires.
To record and enable the investigation of medical conditions that may affect your fitness to drive.
Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988/Road Traffic (New Drivers) Act 1995
To record details of road traffic disqualifications and convictions.
To administer driving entitlement revocation where required by this legislation.
Other
We are also obliged by law to record details of non-driving offences that lead to being disqualified from driving.
Who we share your driver data with
We may share information from your driving licence record with third parties where necessary, and when the law allows it.
Find out more
about the release of information from DVLA’s registers.
If you have authorised us to release information provided to us during the course of a medical investigation, we may share any supporting documents (including medical reports) where necessary with doctors, registered health care professionals, optometrists or other eye care professionals, paramedical staff, driving assessors, occupational therapists and members of the Department for Transport’s Medical Advisory Panels. We only share the minimum data needed to assess your medical fitness to drive. If you do not provide us with the required authorisation, you could lose your driving entitlement.
We capture data on behalf of NHS Blood and Transplant (NHSBT) when you specify on your driving licence application that you wish to become an organ donor. We share this information with NHSBT and provide them with change of address details. This information is recorded by means of a code on your driving licence. If you no longer wish to be an organ donor you should contact NHSBT to remove your details from their records, and return your driving licence to us to have the code removed and a new licence issued.
Who provides us with information about you
The following organisations may give us information about you:
the courts tell us when a driver has been convicted of a driving offence or disqualification and are also legally bound to tell us about any medical conditions disclosed during the court case
Traffic Commissioners provide outcomes of large goods vehicle (LGV) and passenger carrying vehicle (PCV) driver conduct cases
the police and other third parties (such as members of the public) may tell us if they are concerned about someone’s fitness to drive
your GP, specialist or consultant may provide us with information about a notifiable medical condition which may affect your fitness to drive; this is required for us to be able to check you meet the current legal standards to drive
Why you must provide your personal data
By law, drivers must provide their personal information to get a driving licence. It is an offence not to tell us about a change in personal details or about a medical condition that may affect your fitness to drive, or to drive a vehicle without the required driving entitlement. If you do not comply with these requirements, you could be prosecuted.
When you notify us online,
about a medical condition that could affect your fitness to drive
, there is an element of automated processing within the service. This process gives a recommendation, to a person dealing with your notification, on the next steps to take in your case.
When you use any of our online services or send in a DVLA form in relation to your driving licence, you have the option of providing your telephone number and email address. This information will only be used to contact you about these matters.
Changes to HGV and bus driving licences
From 15 November 2021 there will be a change to HGV and bus driving licences and tests. This means that when you view your driving licence on a DVLA online service such as View your Driving Licence Information, you may notice different driving entitlements shown on your licence. For further information on this change, please visit
Changes to HGV and bus driving licences and tests from 15 November 2021
.
6.
When you apply for a tachograph card
We collect personal data to process tachograph applications and issue
tachograph cards
on behalf of the
Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA)
in the UK, and the relevant licensing authorities in the Isle of Man, Jersey and Guernsey. We process your data in line with the UK General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Act 2018, and tachograph Regulation (EU) 165/2014, as it has an effect in the UK.
Who we share your tachograph data with
We may pass the information on your digital tachograph record to other government organisations, EU/EEA tachograph issuing authorities and law enforcement agencies. We may do this to check tachocard applications, prevent and detect crime, for statistical purposes or where there are other legal powers to do so.
7.
When you apply to register or tax a vehicle
We may collect and process personal data about you to allow us to carry out our legal obligations and in the exercise of our official authority under the following legislation.
The Vehicle Excise and Registration Act 1994 and the Road Vehicles (Registration and Licensing) Regulations 2002
To
register vehicles
, assign registration numbers and issue V5C registration certificates.
To collect Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) and enforce against VED evasion (this includes the payment of penalties, out of court settlements and using automated number plate reader technology and wheelclamping).
To contact the keeper of a vehicle where automated number plate recognition technology has identified that a vehicle registration mark is being displayed incorrectly.
Where medical evidence is provided as part of an Enforcement appeal, this evidence will be passed over to the Drivers Medical department in DVLA for further consideration.
To consider requests for information from public and private sector organisations.
The Retention of Registration Marks Regulations 1993
To operate the scheme for keeping (retaining) a registration number.
The Road Traffic Act 1988
To operate the
continuous insurance enforcement scheme
. This means you must have motor insurance for your vehicle if it is used on roads and in public places in England, Scotland and Wales.
Who we share your vehicle data with
We may share information from your vehicle record with law enforcement agencies and other bodies where necessary, and in accordance with the law.
Find out more about
the release of information from DVLA registers
.
Who provides us with information about you
The
Motor Insurers’ Bureau
provides us with insurance data to allow us to operate the continuous insurance enforcement scheme.
DVSA provides us with MOT data to prevent vehicles from being taxed if they are unroadworthy.
We receive information from the Foreign and Commonwealth Office for us to issue vehicle and driving licence permits to foreign diplomatic and consular staff in the UK.
We receive information from the Insolvency Service when you invoke your right to breathing space under The Debt Respite Scheme (Breathing Space Moratorium and Mental Health Crisis Moratorium) (England and Wales) Regulations 2020.
Taxing your vehicle by Direct Debit
We process
Direct Debit
mandate holder data and payment card details to collect VED and any penalties for not paying VED, and continuous insurance enforcement.
Why you must provide your personal data
By law, vehicle keepers must provide us with their details. It is an offence not to correctly register, tax or make a Statutory Off Road Notification (SORN) on a vehicle. Failure to comply with these requirements may lead to enforcement action such as a late licensing penalty, out of court settlement or ultimately, prosecution.
When you use any of our online services or send in your V5C to tell us about a change such as change of address, you have the option of providing your telephone number and email address. This information will only be used to contact you about these changes.
8.
When you apply for a trade plate
We may collect and process the personal data of individuals
applying for a trade plate
to carry out our legal obligations under the following legislation.
The Vehicle Excise and Registration Act 1994 and the Road Vehicles (Registration and Licensing) Regulations 2002
To maintain a register of all customers issued with a trade plate licence.
Who we share your trade plate data with
We may share information about people who have been issued with trade plates with law enforcement agencies and other bodies where necessary, and in accordance with the law.
9.
When you apply to register for and pay the HGV road user levy
We use a third party supplier to collect and process personal data to administer, enforce and collect payment for the HGV levy. This is covered in the HGV Road User Levy Act 2013.
The data collected is required to fulfil the Department for Transport’s legal obligations under that Act.
What information the supplier collects
When you
register to pay the HGV levy
, the supplier will collect personal information including payment details, name, address, registration number, and the dates the vehicle enters and leaves GB.
How the HGV levy data is shared
This data is shared with the Driver and Vehicle Agency (Northern Ireland) and law enforcement bodies for enforcement purposes where necessary.
10.
When you apply to register a trailer
We may collect and process personal data about you to allow us to carry out our legal obligations under the following legislation.
The Haulage Permits and Trailer Registration Act 2018 and the Trailer Registration Regulations 2018
To register trailers, assign registration numbers and issue registration certificates.
Who we share your trailer data with
We may share information from your trailer record with law enforcement agencies and other bodies where necessary, and in accordance with the law.
Find out more about the release of information from DVLA registers
.
What information we collect
When you register a trailer we collect your name, address and details of the trailer. By law, this information must be provided in order for us to process your application.
11.
When you buy a private (personalised) registration number
When you note your interest in registration numbers for sale, we collect your contact details including your name and email address, to inform you of forthcoming sales and to ask you for feedback on the service. These details are held for a maximum of 5 years after which you’ll have to resubmit your interest in a registration number that has not yet been made available to purchase. Once the registration number has been made available to purchase and we’ve contacted you, your record of interest will be deleted.
The Sale of Registration Marks Regulations 1995
To enable the sale of vehicle registration numbers.
What information we collect
When you
buy a private (personalised) registration number
, we collect your:
name
address
email address
company name
telephone number
payment card details
Where applicable, we will also collect the nominee name and nominee address.
When you note your interest in registration numbers for sale, we collect your contact details including your email address, name, address and phone number to inform you of forthcoming sales and to ask you for feedback on the service. These details are held for a maximum of 5 years after which you’ll have to re submit your interest in a registration number that has not yet been made available to purchase. Once the registration number has been made available to purchase and we’ve contacted you, your record of interest will be deleted.
If you no longer wish to receive email or postal updates on registration numbers for sale, you can use the opt-out facility provided.
When you bid for a registration number, our contracted auctioneer retains bidder information until the auction is closed. They do not retain any payment card details but keep a copy of the customer invoice for 7 years.
Who we share your data with
We will only share this information with law enforcement agencies and other bodies where necessary, and in accordance with the law.
12.
When you apply to become a number plate supplier
We may collect and process the personal data of individuals
applying to become a number plate supplier
in accordance with The Vehicles Crime Act 2001 and The Vehicles Crime Act (Registration of Registration Plate Suppliers) Regulations 2008.
Who we share your data with
We may share register of number plate suppliers information with law enforcement agencies and other bodies where necessary, and in accordance with the law.
13.
When you contact us about Clean Air Zones
We process your personal data on behalf of the Joint Air Quality Unit (JAQU), which is a joint initiative by the Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs (DEFRA) and the Department for Transport (DfT).
To enable local authorities to manage their Clean Air Zones (CAZ), JAQU has developed the Drive in a Clean Air Zone service which includes an online tool for users to check if they have to pay a daily charge for driving into or within a CAZ. For more information see
the JAQU privacy policy.
DVLA’s contact centre deals with CAZ service queries and takes CAZ payments from individuals on behalf of JAQU.
When required, we may share with JAQU the:
vehicle registration number
customer name
customer email address
We may provide a copy of the telephone recording for appeals or enforcement purposes when requested to do so by the relevant local authority.
In some instances, DVLA may also issue letters to the registered keepers of non-compliant vehicles likely to be affected by the introduction of a Clean Air Zone on behalf of the relevant local authority or JAQU.
14.
When you subscribe to receive DVLA email alerts
We use a third party supplier when you
subscribe to receive DVLA email alerts.
They collect your email address, phone number and IP address to provide you with relevant information you have requested as part of your subscription. You can unsubscribe from using this service at any time.
If do not want to receive survey invitations by email from DVLA, please email
DVLAResearch.responses@dvla.gov.uk
and put ‘unsubscribe’ in the subject box.
15.
Transfers of data outside of the UK
Transfers of data from the UK to the European Union (EU) take place under the EU:UK adequacy decision that was adopted on 28 June 2021.  When we transfer data to a country which does not have an adequacy decision in place under Article 45 of the UK General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
), we rely mainly upon appropriate safeguards under Article 46 of the UK
GDPR
, such as Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or International Data Transfer Agreements (IDTAs).  Where that is not appropriate, we rely upon Article 49 (1) (d) of the UK (
GDPR
):  the transfer is necessary for important reasons of public interest.
If you are outside of the UK and requesting a copy of your personal data from DVLA, we will apply the appropriate derogation under Article 49 of the UK
GDPR
for the transfer of your personal data.
Data sharing agreement with Spain
We may collect and process personal data about you to allow us to carry out our legal obligations under the following legislation.
Road Safety Act 2006 – Section 49
Disclosure to foreign authorities of licensing and registration information.
DVLA has an agreement in place with Spain that facilitates the sharing of vehicle registration data for 8 specific road-safety related traffic offences. The offences are:
speeding
failing to use a seatbelt
failing to stop at a red traffic light
drink-driving
driving while under the influence of drugs
failing to wear a safety helmet
the use of a forbidden lane
illegally using a mobile telephone or any other communication devices while driving
16.
When you have a query or complaint
We may process your personal data when we get a query or complaint either from you or a third party acting on your behalf.
To investigate your query or complaint, we may need to access your driver or vehicle record or obtain information from relevant third parties to help resolve any issues.
To improve our complaint procedure, we carry out customer satisfaction surveys and we may contact you for feedback on how we have dealt with your complaint.
When you contact us through webchat, other than OCSD Recruitment webchat, DVLA will process the information submitted as part of our official authority. The contact details you provide will be used for this purpose. When you contact us through OCSD Recruitment webchat, the processing of data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller.
Who we share your data with
We may share details of your complaint to the Independent Complaints Assessor and the Ombudsman or the Information Commissioner’s Office where necessary, and when you require us to do so.
17.
When you are a key stakeholder or supplier who have contracts and services with us.
We collect the names and sometimes the telephone number of our key stakeholders and suppliers who have contracts and services with us. These details will only be used in connection with the contract or service involved.
We use software to collect details of our key stakeholders and suppliers involved in our business continuity plan in the event of disaster recovery. Processing this data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party.
18.
When you are an external visitor to a DVLA site
This includes:
external training providers
job applicants
suppliers and tradespeople
staff from other government departments
We capture the following personal data when you visit a DVLA site:
name
organisation/company which you represent
date and time of your visit
duration of visit if more than one day
vehicle registration number
These details are needed so we can issue you with the appropriate visitor pass. You must wear your visitor pass throughout your visit.
Closed-circuit television (CCTV) operates outside and inside the building for security purposes. The information is viewed by appropriate personnel on a live feed, and is recorded and held for 31 days before being automatically deleted, unless it is required for a specific incident such as an accident, acts of criminality or breaches of security.
Security staff wear body worn cameras which are activated where necessary for their safety or for acts of criminality. The recordings are held for 31 days before being automatically deleted, unless required for a specific incident.
The purpose for processing the above information is for security and safety reasons. The lawful basis we rely upon to process your personal data is article 6(1)(f) of the UK
GDPR
, which allows us to process personal data when it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
We have Guest Wifi on site for the use of visitors. To access the Guest Wifi you will need to provide your name and the email address, company name and an email address of a DVLA sponsor. The DVLA sponsor is usually the person that has asked you to attend the site. The DVLA sponsor will receive an email from the system granting the Guest Wifi access for a 24-hour period of time. To access the wifi we ask you to agree to the terms noted on the screen. Your personal data will be held for 12 months.
Please note that all internet activity involving the DVLA Guest Wifi network is automatically recorded. These records (of websites visited, files transferred, emails sent, etc.) are not actively monitored, but if any misuse is suspected, they may be analysed in accordance with the relevant legislation that applies.
The purpose for processing Guest Wifi information is to provide you with access to the internet whilst visiting our site. The lawful basis we rely upon to process your personal data is article 6(1)(f) of the UK
GDPR
, which allows us to process personal data when it’s necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
19.
How to contact DVLA’s Data Protection Manager
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Manager, please write to:
DVLA SAR Enquiries
DVLA
Swansea
SA6 7JL
Or you can write to the Data Protection Manager by email at:
SubjectAccess.Requests@dvla.gov.uk
20.
Review
We review our privacy policy at least annually. By doing this we will make sure you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances (if any) we will share it with other parties.
Back to top
Is this page useful?
Maybe
Yes
this page is useful
No
this page is not useful
Thank you for your feedback
Report a problem with this page
Help us improve GOV.UK
Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.
This field is for robots only. Please leave blank
What were you doing?
What went wrong?
Send
Cancel
Help us improve GOV.UK
To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today.
Please fill in this survey (opens in a new tab)
.
Cancel
Sub-policy 3
https://www.infrastructure-ni.gov.uk/publications/gdpr-privacy-notices-dfi-business-areas:
Cookie settings
Cookies on www.infrastructure-ni.gov.uk
We use some essential cookies to make this service work. We’d like to set additional cookies so we can remember your settings, understand how people use the service and make improvements. Some of our pages allow selected third parties to set cookies – for example, pages that contain YouTube videos or Google Maps.
Find out more about how we use cookies
Accept cookies
Reject cookies
Skip to main content
Translation help
Translate this page
Translate this page
Select a language
Arabic —
عربي
Chinese (Simplified) —
中文简体
Chinese (Traditional) —
中文繁體
Dutch —
Nederlands
Filipino —
Filipino
French —
Français
German —
Deutsch
Hungarian —
Magyar
Irish —
Gaeilge
Italian —
Italiano
Latvian —
Latviešu
Lithuanian —
Lietuvių kalba
Polish —
Polski
Portuguese —
Português
Romanian —
Română
Russian —
Русский
Slovak —
Slovenčina
Spanish —
Español
Ukrainian —
Українська
GDPR Privacy Notices for DfI Business areas
Date published:
21 May 2018
Last updated:
12 March 2025
Privacy Notices for Business areas located within the Department can be found below.
Most of the
Privacy Notices for Business areas
are now available as HTML pages.
Documents
Accessible Parking Bay Application - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (142 KB)
A5 Western Transport Corridor – Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (128 KB)
Belfast Tidal Flood Alleviation Scheme - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (498 KB)
Bus and Coach Operator Financial Assistance Scheme - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (162 KB)
County Antrim Flushbridge Stream Flood Alleviation Scheme - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (156 KB)
County Antrim Hollywell Burn Flood Alleviation Scheme - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (155 KB)
DfI Lough Erne Estate - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (147 KB)
DfI Plan Oversight - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (125 KB)
DfI Public Appointments Unit - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (325 KB)
DfI Roads Claims Unit - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (258 KB)
DfI Roads (NI) Order Applications and Consents - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (137 KB)
DfI Roads Parking Enforcement - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (135 KB)
DfI Roads 'Report a Fault' - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (207 KB)
DVA Compliance and Roadside Enforcement Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (865 KB)
DVA Driver Licensing - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (186 KB)
DVA Driving Theory Test - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (163 KB)
DVA Driver & Vehicle Testing - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (136 KB)
Eastern Transport Plan Survey - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (246 KB)
Goods Vehicle Operator Licensing Northern Ireland – Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (125 KB)
IMTAC Older and Disabled Persons taxi experience - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (887 KB)
Northern Ireland Concessionary Fares Scheme Privacy Notice (October 2023)
Adobe PDF (254 KB)
Northern Ireland Concessionary Fares Scheme Consultation Privacy Notice (May 2023)
Adobe PDF (302 KB)
Planning Portal - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (350 KB)
Planning Portal Joint Controller Agreement - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (347 KB)
Planning Publication Policy - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (136 KB)
Rail Safety Authority - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (214 KB)
Rathlin Island Ferry Discounted Fares Scheme - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (179 KB)
Rathlin Island Resident Pass - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (183 KB)
Reservoir Management (DfI Part-Managed Reservoirs) - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (246 KB)
Reservoir Management (Manager) - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (254 KB)
Residents Parking Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (151 KB)
Riverdale Park East Flood Alleviation Scheme - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (190 KB)
Rivers Emergency Planning Unit - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (145 KB)
Road Safety Teaching Aid Calendar - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (184 KB)
Road Safety Teaching Aid Calendar Child Version - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (26 KB)
Roads Land Acquisition - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (151 KB)
Transport Legislation Branch - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (144 KB)
Shimna River Flood Alleviation Scheme - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (151 KB)
Strangford Lough Ferry Service - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (104 KB)
Taxi Drivers Financial Assistance Scheme - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (606 KB)
The Noise Insulation Regulations - Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (149 KB)
Transport Planning and Modelling Unit Privacy Notice
Adobe PDF (264 KB)
Help viewing documents
Share this page
Share on Facebook
(external link opens in a new window / tab)
Share on X
(external link opens in a new window / tab)
Share by email
(external link opens in a new window / tab)
Sub-policy 4
https://www.experian.co.uk/legal/crain/:
Menu
Open submenu (About Us)
About Us
Open submenu (Data Privacy)
Data Privacy
Open submenu (Legal)
Legal
Open submenu (Contacts)
Contacts
Close submenu
About Us
Open submenu (About Us)
About Us
Close submenu
About Us
Our Social Impact
Suppliers and Procurement
Information Assurance
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Relations
Press
Close submenu
Data Privacy
Open submenu (Data Privacy)
Data Privacy
Close submenu
Data Privacy
Data Privacy
Privacy & Your Data
Privacy Policies
Marketing Services
Consumer Information Portal
How we use your data
Your data rights
Who uses our services
How we protect your data
Your Data Rights & Opting Out
Check if you're on our current Marketing Services file
Article 14 notice - how we use your personal data
Close submenu
Legal
Open submenu (Legal information)
Legal information
Close submenu
Legal information
Information
Cookies Policy
Terms of Use
Contract Documents
Modern Slavery
CRAIN
CRAIN Data Retention Periods
Gender Pay Gap Report
Privacy Policies
Consumer Product Privacy Policies
Business Privacy Policies
Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy
Unclaimed Assets Register
Values Money and Me
Consumer AutoCheck
Business Products & Services Policies
Close submenu
Contacts
Open submenu (Contact Information)
Contact Information
Close submenu
Contact Information
Consumer Contacts
Business Contacts
Small Business Contacts
Office Locations
Consent
Details
Ad Settings
About
Responsible use of your data
We and
our 920 partners
process your personal data, e.g. your IP-number, using technology such as cookies to store and access information on your device in order to serve personalized ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience research and services development. You have a choice in who uses your data and for what purposes. You can change or withdraw your consent any time from the Cookie Declaration or by clicking on the Privacy trigger icon.
If you allow, we would also like to:
Collect information about your geographical location which can be accurate to within several meters
Identify your device by actively scanning it for specific characteristics (fingerprinting)
Find out more about how your personal data is processed and set your preferences in the
details section
.
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Performance and analytics
Advertising
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Adobe Inc.
8
Learn more about this provider
TEST_AMCV_COOKIE_WRITE [x2]
Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box.
at_check [x2]
This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies.
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
pa_enabled
Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly.
GCLB
This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers.
ce_asset_waiting
This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings.
Brightcove
1
Learn more about this provider
v2/tracker
Used in context with video-advertisement. The cookie limits the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement. The cookie is also used to ensure relevance of the video-advertisement to the specific user.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
CrazyEgg
1
Learn more about this provider
_ce.cch
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
DMA
1
Learn more about this provider
PHPSESSID
Preserves user session state across page requests.
Google
2
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Oracle
2
Learn more about this provider
ELOQUA
Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device upon return visits. Used for auto-populating forms and to validate if a certain contact is registered to an email group.
ELQSTATUS
Used to auto-populate forms and validate if a given contact has subscribed to an email group. The cookie is only set if the user allows tracking.
Vimeo
1
Learn more about this provider
_cfuvid
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
assets.adobedtm.com
www.experian.co.uk
2
ce_successful_csp_check [x2]
Detects whether user behaviour tracking should be active on the website.
c8c00bdb3cee4a96b8fb7b2f963e259b.pages.ubembed.com
js.ubembed.com
t.co
techtarget.com
vimeo.com
5
__cf_bm [x5]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
edq.com
expcdn.co.uk
experian.co.uk
3
nlbi_# [x3]
Used to ensure website security and fraud detection.
edq.com
expcdn.co.uk
experian.co.uk
experian.com
8
incap_ses_# [x4]
Preserves users states across page requests.
visid_incap_# [x4]
Preserves users states across page requests.
recaptcha.net
1
_GRECAPTCHA
reCAPTCHA sets a necessary cookie (_GRECAPTCHA) when executed for the purpose of providing its risk analys for form security.
tags.experian.co.uk
2
EXPERIAN_ENSIGHTEN_PRIVACY_BANNER_LOADED
Pending
EXPERIAN_ENSIGHTEN_PRIVACY_BANNER_VIEWED
Used in the delivery of cookies described elsewhere in this document and to record your cookie preferences
widget.sndcdn.com
1
sc_anonymous_id
Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website.
www.experian.co.uk
1
JSESSIONID
Preserves users states across page requests.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Adobe Inc.
5
Learn more about this provider
DRIFT_ALWAYS_SEND_IDS
Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function.
DRIFT_openTabs
Used to make the chat function consistent across tabs, if the user has multiple browser tabs open for the same website.
DRIFT_SESSION_ID
Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality.
DRIFT_SESSION_STARTED
Stores a unique ID string for each chat-box session. This allows the website-support to see previous issues and reconnect with the previous supporter.
DRIFT_visitCounts
Determines the number of visits of the specific visitor. This is used in order to make the chat-box function more relevant.
Drift
1
Learn more about this provider
driftt_aid
Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function.
Tableau
2
Learn more about this provider
tableau_locale
The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language.
tableau_public_negotiated_locale
Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor.
These cookies monitor how the website is performing (e.g. pages visited,  device type, traffic sources etc.), allowing us to improve and tailor the user experience of the site to be relevant to you and your interests.
Adobe Inc.
22
Learn more about this provider
tgt:tlm:#
Pending
tgt:tlm:upper
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
ub-emb-GUID#
Pending
ub-emb-id
Enables the website to make variations of their landing-page. This is used to minimize bounce-rates, which means that fewer users leave the page immediately.
dextp
This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites.
AMCV_#
Unique user ID that recognizes the user on returning visits
AMCVS_#AdobeOrg
Pending
gpv_pn
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
s_cc
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
s_ips
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
s_nr
Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device for return visits.
s_ppv
Saves information on what vertical percentage of a page has been displayed to the user.
s_tp
Registers if the user has visited or interacted with pages containing pictures or galleries rooting from third-party services. Used to improve website content and make statistical reports for the website.
b/ss/#/1/#/s# [x2]
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
s_vi
Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device for return visits.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
hjActiveViewportIds
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
hjViewportId
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
pa
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
site_identity
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
cetabid
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
Appnexus
1
Learn more about this provider
bounce
Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator.
CrazyEgg
4
Learn more about this provider
_ce.clock_data
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_ce.s
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
cebs
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
cebsp_
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
Google
13
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga [x2]
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_# [x2]
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
__utma
Collects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics.
__utmb
Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.
__utmc
Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.
__utmt
Used to throttle the speed of requests to the server.
__utmv
Saves user-defined tracking parameters for use in Google Analytics.
__utmz
Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
__utm.gif
Google Analytics Tracking Code that logs details about the visitor's browser and computer.
Hotjar
4
Learn more about this provider
_hjTLDTest [x2]
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
SalesLoft
3
Learn more about this provider
sliguid
Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization.
slireg
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
slirequested
Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization.
Tableau
3
Learn more about this provider
hid
Pending
mapbox.eventData.uuid:#
Pending
mapbox.eventData:#
Pending
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
personalization_id
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
assets.adobedtm.com
www.experian.co.uk
4
ce_fvd [x2]
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
ce_virtual_tracker_data [x2]
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
experian.co.uk
4
s_pers
Used for gathering information on the user's browser, operating system, IP address and screen resolution as well as the user's navigation on the website, including response to marketing activities and the number of user purchases.
s_ria
Used for gathering information on the user's browser, operating system, IP address and screen resolution as well as the user's navigation on the website, including response to marketing activities and the number of user purchases.
s_sess
Used for gathering information on the user's browser, operating system, IP address and screen resolution as well as the user's navigation on the website, including response to marketing activities and the number of user purchases.
s_sq
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
widget.sndcdn.com
1
number(#)
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
These cookies and tracking tags help us show you online advertisements  tailored to your interests and find customers that might be interested in our products. They can gather information about you and your interactions with us and our partners. Disabling these won't stop you seeing ads, however they will be less personalised.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
2
Learn more about this provider
_fbp [x2]
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Adobe Inc.
25
Learn more about this provider
com.adobe.reactor.core.visitorTracking.landingPage
Stores visitors' navigation by registering landing pages - This allows the website to present relevant products and/or measure their advertisement efficiency on other websites.
com.adobe.reactor.core.visitorTracking.landingTime
Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website.
com.adobe.reactor.core.visitorTracking.pagesViewed
Contains data on user navigation, interaction and time spent on the website and its sub-pages. This data is used to optimise the relevance of advertisements and for statistical purposes.
com.adobe.reactor.core.visitorTracking.sessionCount
Contains data on user navigation, interaction and time spent on the website and its sub-pages. This data is used to optimise the relevance of advertisements and for statistical purposes.
com.adobe.reactor.core.visitorTracking.trafficSource
Used by the website's owners to identify how the visitor accessed the website. This is used for statistical purposes.
com.adobe.reactor.dataElements.Internal Search Keyword
Pending
_uetsid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_dp
This cookie is set by the audience manager of a website in order to determine if any additional third-party cookies can be set in the visitor’s browser – third-party cookies are used to gather information or track visitor behavior on multiple websites. Third-party cookies are set by a third-party website or company.
demdex
Via a unique ID that is used for semantic content analysis, the user's navigation on the website is registered and linked to offline data from surveys and similar registrations to display targeted ads.
dpm
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
ibs:dpid=771dpuuid=google_error=15
Pending
activity;register_conversion=#;#=#
Pending
DRIFT_NOTIFICATION_PLAYED
Pending
DRIFT_SESSION_CAMPAIGNS
Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times.
everest_g_v2
Used for targeted ads and to document efficacy of each individual ad.
mbox
This cookie is used to collect non-personal information on the visitor's behavior and non-personal visitor statistics, which can be used by a third-party ad-targeting agency.
s_ecid
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
i/adsct [x2]
The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content.
Amazon
2
Learn more about this provider
ad-id
Used by Amazon Advertising to register user actions and target content on the website based on ad clicks on a different website.
ad-privacy
Used by Amazon Advertising to register user actions and target content on the website based on ad clicks on a different website.
Appnexus
3
Learn more about this provider
anj
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
uuid2
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
XANDR_PANID
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
Casale Media
4
Learn more about this provider
CMID
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
CMPRO
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
CMPS
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
rum
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
Dataxu
2
Learn more about this provider
matchdmx
Pending
wfivefivec
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as what pages have been loaded. The registered data is used for targeted ads.
Drift
2
Learn more about this provider
drift_aid
Sets a unique ID for the specific user. This allows the website to target the user with relevant offers through its chat functionality.
drift_campaign_refresh
Sets a unique ID for the specific user. This allows the website to target the user with relevant offers through its chat functionality.
Google
6
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_au [x2]
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
ar_debug
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
NID
Pending
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Microsoft
5
Learn more about this provider
MSPTC
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
MUID
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
_uetsid [x2]
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Openx
1
Learn more about this provider
w/1.0/sd
Registers data on visitors such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of OpenX.net services.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
muc_ads
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
YouTube
37
Learn more about this provider
#-# [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
iU5q-!O9@[#COOKIETABLE_ADVERTISING#]nbsp;[x2]
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
requests [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt.innertube::nextId [x2]
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
YtIdbMeta#databases [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
adnxs.com
doubleclick.net
2
receive-cookie-deprecation [x2]
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
embed.vev.page
1
everest_session_v2
Used for targeted ads and to document efficacy of each individual ad.
experian.co.uk
1
uuid
This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange.
Unclassified
26
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Adobe Inc.
2
Learn more about this provider
a/gif.gif
Pending
cat_tracking:https://www.semrush.com/impacthero/overview/c2039661-136a-416e-8d30-7a99501897d1:session
Pending
Tableau
2
Learn more about this provider
tab.viz.session.DD4DF112700847DDB9A2722F980F5BD8-0:0
Pending
tab.viz.session.management.roots
Pending
experian.co.uk
5
pv_p11
Pending
s_BU_stack
Pending
undefined_s
Pending
vo_e17
Pending
vo_p17
Pending
scatec.io
2
_cat [x2]
Pending
tags.experian.co.uk
9
A/N{39}
Pending
EXPERIAN_ENSIGHTEN_PRIVACY_Advertising
Pending
EXPERIAN_ENSIGHTEN_PRIVACY_ensPrivConsentV
Pending
EXPERIAN_ENSIGHTEN_PRIVACY_Performance_and_Analytics
Pending
EXPERIAN_ENSIGHTEN_PRIVACY_Third_Party_Advertising
Pending
3522
Pending
49659
Pending
3522
Pending
49659
Pending
www.experian.co.uk
6
__utmzzses
Pending
ExpA
Pending
ExpPD
Pending
expTrafficSource
Pending
haswiped
Pending
mVisStatus
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/26/25 by
Cookiebot
About Ad Settings
We and our 920 advertising partners process your personal data using technology such as cookies in order to serve advertising, analyse our traffic and deliver customised experiences for you. You have a choice in who uses your data and for what purposes.
Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data, instead, they rely on their legitimate business interest.
View our list of partners
to see the purposes they believe they have legitimate interest for and how you can object to it.
The Consent Signal (TC String) is stored in the Local Storage with a maximum retention period of 13 months, after which a renewed consent decision is required. Find out more about how your personal data is processed and set your preferences below.
Purposes
14
You can set your consent preferences and determine how you want your data to be used based on the purposes below. Each purpose has a description so that you know how we and our partners use your data. You can object to legitimate interest processing per purpose.
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
Examples:
Most purposes explained in this notice rely on the storage or accessing of information from your device when you use an app or visit a website. For example, a vendor or publisher might need to store a cookie on your device during your first visit on a website, to be able to recognise your device during your next visits (by accessing this cookie each time).
Vendors
708
Use limited data to select advertising
Legitimate Interest
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
Examples:
A car manufacturer wants to promote its electric vehicles to environmentally conscious users living in the city after office hours. The advertising is presented on a page with related content (such as an article on climate change actions) after 6:30 p.m. to users whose non-precise location suggests that they are in an urban zone.
A large producer of watercolour paints wants to carry out an online advertising campaign for its latest watercolour range, diversifying its audience to reach as many amateur and professional artists as possible and avoiding showing the ad next to mismatched content (for instance, articles about how to paint your house). The number of times that the ad has been presented to you is detected and limited, to avoid presenting it too often.
Vendors
655
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
Examples:
If you read several articles about the best bike accessories to buy, this information could be used to create a profile about your interest in bike accessories. Such a profile may be used or improved later on, on the same or a different website or app to present you with advertising for a particular bike accessory brand. If you also look at a configurator for a vehicle on a luxury car manufacturer website, this information could be combined with your interest in bikes to refine your profile and make an assumption that you are interested in luxury cycling gear.
An apparel company wishes to promote its new line of high-end baby clothes. It gets in touch with an agency that has a network of clients with high income customers (such as high-end supermarkets) and asks the agency to create profiles of young parents or couples who can be assumed to be wealthy and to have a new child, so that these can later be used to present advertising within partner apps based on those profiles.
Vendors
528
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
Examples:
An online retailer wants to advertise a limited sale on running shoes. It wants to target advertising to users who previously looked at running shoes on its mobile app. Tracking technologies might be used to recognise that you have previously used the mobile app to consult running shoes, in order to present you with the corresponding advertisement on the app.
A profile created for personalised advertising in relation to a person having searched for bike accessories on a website can be used to present the relevant advertisement for bike accessories on a mobile app of another organisation.
Vendors
523
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
Examples:
You read several articles on how to build a treehouse on a social media platform. This information might be added to a profile to mark your interest in content related to outdoors as well as do-it-yourself guides (with the objective of allowing the personalisation of content, so that for example you are presented with more blog posts and articles on treehouses and wood cabins in the future).
You have viewed three videos on space exploration across different TV apps. An unrelated news platform with which you have had no contact builds a profile based on that viewing behaviour, marking space exploration as a topic of possible interest for other videos.
Vendors
233
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
Examples:
You read articles on vegetarian food on a social media platform and then use the cooking app of an unrelated company. The profile built about you on the social media platform will be used to present you vegetarian recipes on the welcome screen of the cooking app.
You have viewed three videos about rowing across different websites. An unrelated video sharing platform will recommend five other videos on rowing that may be of interest to you when you use your TV app, based on a profile built about you when you visited those different websites to watch online videos.
Vendors
206
Measure advertising performance
Legitimate Interest
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
Examples:
You have clicked on an advertisement about a “black Friday” discount by an online shop on the website of a publisher and purchased a product. Your click will be linked to this purchase. Your interaction and that of other users will be measured to know how many clicks on the ad led to a purchase.
You are one of very few to have clicked on an advertisement about an “international appreciation day” discount by an online gift shop within the app of a publisher. The publisher wants to have reports to understand how often a specific ad placement within the app, and notably the “international appreciation day” ad, has been viewed or clicked by you and other users, in order to help the publisher and its partners (such as agencies) optimise ad placements.
Vendors
763
Measure content performance
Legitimate Interest
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
Examples:
You have read a blog post about hiking on a mobile app of a publisher and followed a link to a recommended and related post. Your interactions will be recorded as showing that the initial hiking post was useful to you and that it was successful in interesting you in the related post. This will be measured to know whether to produce more posts on hiking in the future and where to place them on the home screen of the mobile app.
You were presented a video on fashion trends, but you and several other users stopped watching after 30 seconds. This information is then used to evaluate the right length of future videos on fashion trends.
Vendors
380
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Legitimate Interest
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
Examples:
The owner of an online bookstore wants commercial reporting showing the proportion of visitors who consulted and left its site without buying, or consulted and bought the last celebrity autobiography of the month, as well as the average age and the male/female distribution of each category. Data relating to your navigation on its site and to your personal characteristics is then used and combined with other such data to produce these statistics.
An advertiser wants to better understand the type of audience interacting with its adverts. It calls upon a research institute to compare the characteristics of users who interacted with the ad with typical attributes of users of similar platforms, across different devices. This comparison reveals to the advertiser that its ad audience is mainly accessing the adverts through mobile devices and is likely in the 45-60 age range.
Vendors
483
Develop and improve services
Legitimate Interest
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Examples:
A technology platform working with a social media provider notices a growth in mobile app users, and sees based on their profiles that many of them are connecting through mobile connections. It uses a new technology to deliver ads that are formatted for mobile devices and that are low-bandwidth, to improve their performance.
An advertiser is looking for a way to display ads on a new type of consumer device. It collects information regarding the way users interact with this new kind of device to determine whether it can build a new mechanism for displaying advertising on this type of device.
Vendors
571
Use limited data to select content
Legitimate Interest
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
Examples:
A travel magazine has published an article on its website about the new online courses proposed by a language school, to improve travelling experiences abroad. The school’s blog posts are inserted directly at the bottom of the page, and selected on the basis of your non-precise location (for instance, blog posts explaining the course curriculum for different languages than the language of the country you are situated in).
A sports news mobile app has started a new section of articles covering the most recent football games. Each article includes videos hosted by a separate streaming platform showcasing the highlights of each match. If you fast-forward a video, this information may be used to select a shorter video to play next.
Vendors
145
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
Examples:
An advertising intermediary delivers ads from various advertisers to its network of partnering websites. It notices a large increase in clicks on ads relating to one advertiser, and uses data regarding the source of the clicks to determine that 80% of the clicks come from bots rather than humans.
Deliver and present advertising and content
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Examples:
Clicking on a link in an article might normally send you to another page or part of the article. To achieve this, 1°) your browser sends a request to a server linked to the website, 2°) the server answers back (“here is the article you asked for”), using technical information automatically included in the request sent by your device, to properly display the information / images that are part of the article you asked for. Technically, such exchange of information is necessary to deliver the content that appears on your screen.
Save and communicate privacy choices
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
Examples:
When you visit a website and are offered a choice between consenting to the use of profiles for personalised advertising or not consenting, the choice you make is saved and made available to advertising providers, so that advertising presented to you respects that choice.
Features
5
View the required features enabled for the processing of personal data and opt-in separately for any special features.
Match and combine data from other data sources
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Link different devices
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Partners
920
See the partners we work with below. Expand each one to see how they process your data. You can object to legitimate interest processing per vendor.
: Tappx
https://www.tappx.com/en/privacy-policy/
https://www.tappx.com/en/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 3 hours
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
014 ON
https://014on.com/politica-privacidad/
https://014on.com/politica-privacidad/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
152 Media LLC
https://152media.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
1plusX AG
Legitimate Interest
https://www.1plusx.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.1plusx.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
2KDirect, Inc. (dba iPromote)
Legitimate Interest
https://www.ipromote.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.ipromote.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
31 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years 1 day
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
33Across
https://www.33across.co.uk/privacy-policy/
https://www.33across.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 49 minutes 12 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
366 SAS
https://www.366.fr/politique-de-confidentialite-de-la-regie/
https://www.366.fr/politique-de-confidentialite-de-la-regie/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
393 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
3Q GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://3q.video/en/help-center/datenschutzhinweise
https://3q.video/en/help-center/datenschutzhinweise
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
6Sense Insights, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
9 Dots Media Ltd
https://www.9dotsmedia.com/privacy/
https://www.9dotsmedia.com/privacy/
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
360 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
A Million Ads
https://www.amillionads.com/privacy-policy
https://www.amillionads.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
A.Mob
https://we-are-adot.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AA INTERNET-MEDIA Ltd
https://recreativ.com/policy
https://recreativ.com/policy#consent
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Aarki, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://corp.aarki.com/privacy
https://corp.aarki.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 3650 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 3650 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ABCS INSIGHTS
https://www.abcsinsights.com/privacy/ad-measurement
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Accorp Sp. z o.o.
https://instytut-pollster.pl/privacy-policy/index.html#en
https://instytut-pollster.pl/privacy-policy/index.html#en
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
720 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AccountInsight Ltd
https://www.accountinsight.ai/privacy-policy/
https://www.accountinsight.ai/privacy-policy/#IP_Processing
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Accurat
https://www.accurat.ai/legal/privacy-centre
https://www.accurat.ai/legal/legitimate-interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AceeX Sp.z.o.o.
https://aceex.io/platform-privacy-policy.html
https://aceex.io/platform-privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1825 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 14 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Active Agent (Virtual Minds GmbH)
https://www.adition.com/en/privacy-platform
https://www.adition.com/en/privacy-platform
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ACTV8, Inc.
https://actv8me.com/data-privacy.html#legitimate_interest_claim
https://www.actv8me.com/data-privacy.html#legitimate_interest_claim
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
AcuityAds Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://privacy.acuityads.com/corporate-privacy-policy.html
https://privacy.acuityads.com/corporate-privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Ad Alliance GmbH
https://www.ad-alliance.de/datenschutz/
https://www.ad-alliance.de/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ad6media
https://www.ad6media.fr/privacy
https://www.ad6media.fr/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adasta Media S.r.l.
https://www.adasta.it/en/publisher-cookie-policy/
https://www.adasta.it/en/legitimate-interest-assessment/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
393 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 16 hours 30 minutes
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
adbility media GmbH
https://www.adbility-media.com/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ADBRO (GISTER PRIVATE LIMITED)
Legitimate Interest
https://www.adbro.com/privacy/advertising-privacy-policy
https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQ2Hz0ETjEy-3B1KAdhFlh8weUp_SrzQ894uiA495OzEx3_zrQdmBijvP_F2UQM0i_NjPAX-b7gZirv/pub
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AddApptr GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.gravite.net/data-privacy
https://www.gravite.net/data-privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AdDefend GmbH
https://www.addefend.com/en/privacy-policy/
https://www.addefend.com/en/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adelaide Metrics Inc
Legitimate Interest
https://adelaidemetrics.com/privacy
https://adelaidemetrics.com/privacy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
AdElement Media Solutions Pvt Ltd
http://adelement.com/privacy-policy.html
https://adelement.com/privacy-policy.html#legal-basis-processing
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Aderize, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://aderserve.com/privacy_policy.html
https://aderserve.com/privacy_policy.html
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adex (Virtual Minds GmbH)
https://virtualminds.com/privacy-center/
https://virtualminds.com/privacy-center/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adforce Digital Intelligence LTDA
https://api.adftech.com.br/privacy
https://api.adftech.com.br/legitimate
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 day
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adform A/S
Legitimate Interest
https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/platform-privacy/product-and-services-privacy-policy/
https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/platform-privacy/transparency-and-consent-framework-tcf-compliance/legitimate-interest-at-stake/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adhese
https://adhese.eu/privacy-policy/
https://adhese.eu/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Authentication-derived identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adikteev
Legitimate Interest
https://www.adikteev.com/privacy
https://www.adikteev.com/privacy-policy-app-users
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AdInMo LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://www.adinmo.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.adinmo.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ADITION (Virtual Minds GmbH)
https://www.adition.com/en/privacy-platform
https://www.adition.com/en/privacy-platform
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Aditude, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.aditude.com/privacy
https://www.aditude.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
adjoe GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://legal.adjoe.zone/wave/adjoe-data-privacy-latest.html
https://legal.adjoe.zone/wave/adjoe-data-privacy-latest.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adjust Digital A/S
https://adjust-digital.com/privacy/
https://adjust-digital.com/privacy/
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adkernel LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://adkernel.com/privacy-policy/
https://adkernel.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 17 days 1 hour 40 minutes 36 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adloox SA
Legitimate Interest
https://www.adloox.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://www.adloox.com/legal/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Admagnetix
https://admagnetix.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
7 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 7 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ADMAN - Phaistos Networks, S.A.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.adman.gr/privacy
https://www.adman.gr/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ADman Interactive SLU
https://admanmedia.com/politica.html
https://admanmedia.com/politica.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 364 days 23 hours 59 minutes 58 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Admaster Private Limited
https://www.admaster.cc/privacy
https://www.admaster.cc/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ADMASTERS SOLUÇÕES DE MARKETING DIGITAL LTDA
https://admasters.media/en/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 12 hours
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Admatic GMBH
https://admatic.de/privacy-policy/
https://admatic.de/opt-out-of-admatic-ads/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ADMAX
https://admaxmedia.io/privacy-policy/
https://admaxmedia.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AdMaxim Limited
https://www.admaxim.com/admaxim-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Admixer EU GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://admixer.com/privacy/
https://admixer.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adnami Aps
Legitimate Interest
https://www.adnami.io/privacy-policy-services
https://www.adnami.io/privacy-policy-services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ADNOW I RENODO MEDIA LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://adnow.com/privacy-policy
https://adnow.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 14 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adnuntius AS
Legitimate Interest
https://adnuntius.com/resources/privacy-policy/
https://adnuntius.com/resources/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 6 years 295 days 12 hours 19 minutes 24 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adobe Advertising Cloud
Legitimate Interest
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/experience-cloud.html
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/experience-cloud.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
760 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Experience Platform
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adpone SL
https://adpone.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 120 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
adQuery
https://policy.openmobi.pl
https://policy.openmobi.pl
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ADRENALEAD
https://adrenalead.com/en/data-protection-policy
https://adrenalead.com/en/data-protection-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Authentication-derived identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adrino Mobile Sp. z o.o.
https://adrino.pl/polityka-prywatnosci/
https://adrino.pl/polityka-prywatnosci/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
360 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
adrule mobile GmbH
https://www.adrule.net/de/datenschutz/
https://www.adrule.net/de/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
364 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Ads Interactive Ltd.
https://adsinteractive.com/privacy-policy
https://adsinteractive.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
14 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 14 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adserve.zone / Adserve AS
Legitimate Interest
https://adserve.zone/adserveprivacypolicy
https://adserve.zone/adserveprivacypolicy#legitimateinterest
Purposes (Consent):
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
AdServing Factory srl
https://www.adservingfactory.com/privacy-policy.html
https://www.adservingfactory.com/privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
1 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Ad-Shield, Inc
Legitimate Interest
https://www.ad-shield.io/privacy-policy
https://www.ad-shield.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 35 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ADSOCY
https://adsocy.com/politica-de-privacidad-y-aviso-legal/
https://adsocy.com/politica-de-privacidad-y-aviso-legal/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 300 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AdSpirit GmbH
https://help.adspirit.de/privacy.php
https://help.adspirit.de/privacy.php
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 14 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 14 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 14 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
adsquare GmbH
https://adsquare.com/privacy/
https://adsquare.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adssets AB
Legitimate Interest
https://adssets.com/policy/
https://adssets.com/policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ADSTOURS SAS
https://www.clickintext.com/about/charte-rgpd.php
https://www.clickintext.com/about/charte-rgpd.php
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 364 days 4 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
AdsWizz Inc.
https://www.adswizz.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.adswizz.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adsyield Inc
https://web.adsyield.com/privacy-policy
https://web.adsyield.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 1 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 1 days)
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 1 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
2 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adtarget Teknoloji A.S.
https://adtarget.com.tr/adtarget-privacy-policy-2020.pdf
https://adtarget.com.tr/adtarget-privacy-policy-2020.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 93 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adtelligent Inc.
https://adtelligent.com/privacy-policy/
https://adtelligent.com/tos/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 93 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AdTheorent, Inc
https://adtheorent.com/privacy-policy
https://adtheorent.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 364 days 23 hours 59 minutes 55 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ADTIMING TECHNOLOGY PTE. LTD
https://www.adtiming.com/en/privacypolicy.html
https://www.adtiming.com/en/privacypolicy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adtriba GmbH
https://privacy.adtriba.com/
https://privacy.adtriba.com/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ADTTRIBUTION Inc
https://adttribution.com/privacy-policy.html
https://adttribution.com/privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ADUX
https://www.adux.com/donnees-personnelles/
https://www.adux.com/donnees-personnelles/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 355 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
advanced store GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.advanced-store.com/en/data-privacy/
https://www.advanced-store.com/en/data-privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adventive, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://adventive.com/legal/privacy-policy/
https://adventive.com/legal/privacy-policy/#elementor-toc__heading-anchor-7
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 100 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ADventori SAS
https://www.adventori.com/fr/rgpd/
https://www.adventori.com/fr/rgpd/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 400 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adventure Media SARL
Legitimate Interest
https://ad360.media/privacy.html
https://blog.ad360.media/uncategorized/iab-tcf-v2-2-and-legitimate-interest-claim/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adverticum cPlc.
Legitimate Interest
https://adverticum.net/english/privacy-and-data-processing-information/
https://adverticum.net/english/privacy-and-data-processing-information/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Advertising.Tech FZ-LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://advertising.tech/privacy-policy/
https://advertising.tech/privacy-policy/#legal-basis
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
2190 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years 13 hours 20 minutes
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adverty AB (publ)
https://adverty.com/privacy-policy/
https://adverty.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AdView
Legitimate Interest
https://www.adview.com/policy/privacy
https://www.adview.com/policy/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
15 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Advisible AB
https://www.advisible.com/privacy
https://www.advisible.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adwatch S.L.
https://theadwatch.com/privacy-policy/
https://theadwatch.com/iab-and-tcf/
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
adWMG
https://adwmg.com/privacy-policy/
https://adwmg.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Use limited data to select content (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
AdXcel, Inc. dba ArtsAI
Legitimate Interest
https://artsai.com/privacy
https://artsai.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Adxperience SAS
https://adxperience.com/privacy-policy/
https://adxperience.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ADYOULIKE SA
https://www.adyoulike.com/pages/privacy_en.php
https://www.adyoulike.com/pages/privacy_en.php
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Adzymic Creavibes
https://www.adzymic.co/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Affle Iberia SL
https://mediasmart.io/privacy/
https://mediasmart.io/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 10 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 360 days)
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Affle Inc
https://youappi.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 4180 days)
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Aflorithmic Labs, LTD
https://audiostack.ai/legal/privacy-policy
https://audiostack.ai/legal/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 900 days)
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 900 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 900 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use limited data to select content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: Session
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Agate Systems Limited
https://www.axate.com/privacy-policy
https://www.axate.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
420 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
AIDEM Technologies LTD
https://kb.aidem.com/privacy/policies/privacy-policy/
https://kb.aidem.com/privacy/policies/privacy-policy/#4-how-we-use-your-data
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Airtory Inc
https://www.airtory.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
AlgoriX Technology Pte. Ltd.,
Legitimate Interest
https://www.algorix.co/privacy-policy/
https://www.algorix.co/privacy-policy/#section-3-3
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
7 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Alkimi
Legitimate Interest
https://www.alkimi.org/privacy-policy
https://www.alkimi.org/privacy-policy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Alliance Gravity Data Media
https://www.alliancegravity.com/politiquedeprotectiondesdonneespersonnelles
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
AllMediaDesk GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.audio-cc.com/audiocc_privacy_policy.pdf
https://www.audio-cc.com/audiocc_privacy_policy.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Alphalyr SAS
Legitimate Interest
https://alphalyr.fr/en/privacy-policy/
https://alphalyr.fr/en/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Alphonso Inc.
https://alphonso.tv/privacy/smart-tvs/smart-tv-privacy-policy-eu/
https://alphonso.tv/privacy/smart-tvs/smart-tv-privacy-policy-eu/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
800 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Amagi Corporation
Legitimate Interest
https://www.amagi.com/service-privacy-policy/
https://www.amagi.com/service-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Amazon Ad Server
Legitimate Interest
https://www.sizmek.com/privacy-policy
https://www.sizmek.com/privacy-policy#legal-basis
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 17 hours 13 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Amazon Advertising
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010#GUID-A440AA65-7F7E-4134-8FA8-842156F43EEE__SECTION_9E24D5FE5F4041028B4C2F9EDD690457
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 17 hours 13 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Ampliffy
https://www.ampliffy.com/en/legal/privacy-policy
https://www.ampliffy.com/en/legal/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 8 years 80 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Amplified IntelligenceTechnologies
https://www.amplifiedintelligence.com.au/privacy-policy/
https://www.amplifiedintelligence.com.au/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ANINPRO-CREATIVE, S.L.
https://bealion.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/POLITICA-DE-COOKIES-BE-A-LION-2023-v2.pdf
https://bealion.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/POLITICA-DE-PRIVACIDAD-BE-A-LION-2023.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Aniview LTD
https://www.aniview.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.aniview.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Annonsera SUNT AB
https://www.suntcontent.com/privacy/#privacy-english
https://www.suntcontent.com/privacy/#privacy-english
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Anonymised
https://www.anonymised.io/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Anteriad, LLC
https://www.anteriad.com/privacy-policy
https://www.anteriad.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 49 minutes 12 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
AntVoice
https://www.antvoice.com/en/privacypolicy/
https://www.antvoice.com/en/privacypolicy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
403 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 38 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Anzu Virtual Reality LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://www.anzu.io/privacy-policy
https://www.anzu.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Apester Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://apester.com/privacy-policy/
https://apester.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 35 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
App Samurai Inc
https://insights.appsamurai.com/offerwall-privacy-policy
https://insights.appsamurai.com/offerwall-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 185 days 4 hours 26 minutes 40 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Appier PTE Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://www.appier.com/en/about/privacy-policy/
https://www.appier.com/en/about/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Use limited data to select content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
397 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Appmonsta Ltd
https://appmonsta.ai/privacy
https://appmonsta.ai/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 14 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Appstock LTD.
https://app-stock.com/privacy-policy/
https://app-stock.com/privacy-policy/
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Appush Technologies
Legitimate Interest
https://appush.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Platform-Privacy-Policy-Appush.pdf
https://appush.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Platform-Privacy-Policy-Appush.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Arago
https://arago.com/fr/politique-de-confidentialite/
https://arago.com/fr/politique-de-confidentialite/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Arcanor Bilgi Teknolojileri ve Hizmetleri A.Ş.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.arcanor.com/privacy
https://www.arcanor.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
Device identifiers
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Archon Programmatic House FZC
https://archonph.com/privacy-policy
https://archonph.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ArcSpan Technologies, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.arcspan.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.arcspan.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Arcspire Limited
https://public.arcspire.io/privacy.pdf
https://public.arcspire.io/privacy.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Arkeero
https://arkeero.com/privacy-2/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ARMIS SAS
https://armis.tech/en/armis-personal-data-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Arpeely Ltd.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.arpeely.com/privacy
https://www.arpeely.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
540 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Arrivalist Co.
https://www.arrivalist.com/privacy
https://www.arrivalist.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
2555 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ArtChaos s.r.o.
https://silvermob.com/privacy
https://silvermob.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 14 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Artefact Deutschland GmbH
https://aaa.artefact.com/privacy-policy.do
https://aaa.artefact.com/privacy-policy.do
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Aryel s.r.l
Legitimate Interest
https://www.aryel.io/privacy-policy-adv
https://www.aryel.io/legitimate-interest-adv
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 6 hours
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Ask Locala
https://asklocala.com/advertising-privacy-policy/?_gl=1*145zs89*_up*MQ..*_ga*MjA4NDgxNDYxOC4xNjk2NTEyNTU5*_ga_VRM83PCHBL*MTY5NjUxMjU1OC4xLjEuMTY5NjUxMjU3NS4wLjAuMA..*_ga_5N7836YC9X*MTY5NjUxMjU1OC4xLjEuMTY5NjUxMjU3NS4wLjAuMA..
https://asklocala.com/advertising-privacy-policy/?_gl=1*145zs89*_up*MQ..*_ga*MjA4NDgxNDYxOC4xNjk2NTEyNTU5*_ga_VRM83PCHBL*MTY5NjUxMjU1OC4xLjEuMTY5NjUxMjU3NS4wLjAuMA..*_ga_5N7836YC9X*MTY5NjUxMjU1OC4xLjEuMTY5NjUxMjU3NS4wLjAuMA..
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
45 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Audience Network
https://audiencenetwork.pl/en/internet-advertising-privacy-policy
https://audiencenetwork.pl/en/internet-advertising-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Audience Solutions S.A.
https://audience-solutions.com/privacy-policy-en.pdf
https://audience-solutions.com/privacy-policy-en.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
AudienceProject A/S
Legitimate Interest
https://privacy.audienceproject.com
https://privacy.audienceproject.com/en-GB/for-users/privacy-policy#transparency-and-consent-framework-tcf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1826 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Audiencerate LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://www.audiencerate.com/full-data-privacy-compliance
https://www.audiencerate.com/full-data-privacy-compliance
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
15 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 15 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
AudienceRun corp
https://www.audiencerun.com/privacy-policy
https://www.audiencerun.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Audienzz AG
https://www.audienzz.ch/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AuDigent
https://audigent.com/platform-privacy-policy
https://audigent.com/privacy-center/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AUDIOMOB LTD
https://www.audiomob.com/privacy
https://www.audiomob.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Audion
Legitimate Interest
https://www.audion.fm/privacy-policy
https://www.audion.fm/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
100 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Automattic Ads
https://automattic.com/privacy/
https://automattic.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Avantis Video Ltd
https://browsi.com/privacy-policy-2/
https://browsi.com/privacy-policy-2/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
AWIN AG
Legitimate Interest
https://www.awin.com/gb/privacy
https://www.awin.com/gb/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1096 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Axel Springer Teaser Ad GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.adup-tech.com/en/privacy-policy/
https://www.adup-tech.com/en/privacy-policy/#c4489
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Azerion Holding B.V.
Legitimate Interest
https://static.gamedistribution.com/policy/privacy-enduser.html
https://static.gamedistribution.com/policy/privacy-enduser.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure content performance
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
14 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Azira
Legitimate Interest
https://azira.com/fr/privacy-policy/#services-policy
https://azira.com/fr/privacy-policy/#services-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
B2B Media Group GmbH
https://www.b2bmg.com/en/data-privacy/
https://www.b2bmg.com/en/data-privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited
https://www.mediago.io/policy/
https://www.mediago.io/policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 1 day
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
bam! interactive marketing GmbH
https://bam-interactive.de/datenschutz/
https://bam-interactive.de/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
7 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 day
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Bannerflow AB
https://www.bannerflow.com/privacy
https://www.bannerflow.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 49 minutes 12 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Bannernow, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://bannernow.com/privacy
https://bannernow.com/privacy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Bannerse OÜ
https://bannerse.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Privacy-Policy_2023_6_7_Bannerse.pdf
https://bannerse.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Privacy-Policy_2023_6_7_Bannerse.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Basis Global Technologies, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://privacy.basis.net/
https://privacy.basis.net/#gdpr
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
540 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
BCOVERY SAS
Legitimate Interest
https://www.bcovery.com/politique-de-confidentialite.html
https://www.bcovery.com/legitimate-interest-claim.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Beacon Holdings LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://condorx.io/privacy-policy.html
https://condorx.io/privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Use limited data to select content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
BEAPUP SOLUTIONS LTD
https://beapup.com/privacy-policy-2/
https://beapup.com/privacy-policy-2/
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Bedrock Platform Ltd
https://bedrockplatform.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 120 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
BeeswaxIO Corporation
https://www.beeswax.com/privacy/
https://www.beeswax.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
BEINTOO SPA
https://www.beintoo.com/privacy-cookie-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 6 hours
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
belboon GmbH
https://belboon.com/en/privacy/
https://belboon.com/en/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
BeOp
Legitimate Interest
https://beop.io/privacy-policy
https://beop.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 10 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 10 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 49 minutes 12 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Bertelsmann Data Service GmbH
https://www.bertelsmann.de/meta/datenschutz/
https://www.bertelsmann.de/meta/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Better Ads GmbH
https://www.d3sv.net/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Better Collective A/S
https://bettercollective.com/privacy-policy/
https://bettercollective.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Between Exchange
Legitimate Interest
https://en.betweenx.com/pdata.pdf
https://en.betweenx.com/pdata.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
BidBerry SRL
https://www.bidberrymedia.com/service-privacy-policy/
https://www.bidberrymedia.com/service-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Bidease Inc
Legitimate Interest
https://bidease.com/privacy-policy
https://bidease.com/lic
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
BidMachine Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://bidmachine.io/privacy-policy/
https://bidmachine.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Bidmatic Inc
https://bidmatic.io/privacy-policy/
https://bidmatic.io/tos/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 93 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
BIDSCUBE SP. Z O.O
https://bidscube.com/privacy/
https://bidscube.com/data-processing-addendum/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days 10 hours 30 minutes
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
BIDSWITCH GmbH
https://www.bidswitch.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.bidswitch.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Bidtellect, Inc
https://www.bidtellect.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
28 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
BidTheatre AB
Legitimate Interest
https://www.bidtheatre.com/privacy-policy
https://cdn.bidtheatre.com/LIA_ferq.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
BILENDI SA
https://www.maximiles.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: Session
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Bizzclick sp.z.o.o.
https://blasto.ai/policy/privacy-policy
https://blasto.ai/policy/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 88 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 88 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Blendee srl
https://cdn2.blendee.com/it_blendee_privacy_policy_ad_server_and_dmp.pdf
https://cdn2.blendee.com/it_blendee_privacy_policy_ad_server_and_dmp.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 49 minutes 12 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
BLIINK SAS
https://bliink.io/privacy-policy
https://bliink.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 16 hours 17 minutes 49 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Blis Global Limited
https://blis.com/blis-privacy-policy-for-online-advertising-and-related-uses/
https://blis.com/legitimate-interests-statement/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 35 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Blockthrough, Inc.
https://blockthrough.com/privacy-policy/
https://blockthrough.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Blue
https://www.getblue.io/privacy/
https://www.getblue.io/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Blue Billywig Group BV
Legitimate Interest
https://www.bluebillywig.com/privacy-statement/
https://support.bluebillywig.com/cookies/legitimate-interest-disclosure-statement/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Blue Dawn Marketing Consulting Group S.L.
https://www.getblue.io/privacy/
https://www.getblue.io/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Blue Media Services LTDA
https://bluems.com/privacy/en.html
https://www.getblue.io/privacy/en/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Bluesea Holdings Hong Kong Limited
https://www.blueseasx.com/policy.html
https://www.blueseasx.com/policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Bmind a Sales Maker Company, S.L.
https://jakala.es/politica-privacidad/
https://jakala.es/politica-privacidad/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Boldwin LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://bold-win.com/privacy-policy/
https://bold-win.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Bombora Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://bombora.com/privacy
https://bombora.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Bootleg Digital LTD
https://kubico.com/privacy-policy/
https://kubico.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 7 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Botman Inc
Legitimate Interest
https://cleartrust.cc/privacy
https://www.cleartrust.cc/legitimate-interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: Session
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
BotTalk UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
https://bottalk.io/privacy
https://bottalk.io/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Brand Metrics Sweden AB
https://collector.brandmetrics.com/brandmetrics_privacypolicy.pdf
https://collector.brandmetrics.com/brandmetrics_privacypolicy.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
386 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 21 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Brandhouse/Subsero A/S
Legitimate Interest
https://subserohost.com/privacy_policy.aspx
https://subserohost.com/privacy_policy.aspx#datacoll_legitimateinterest
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
360 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Brave People Ltd.
https://thebrave.io/privacy-policy/
https://thebrave.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
7 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
BrightLine Partners LLC
https://cdn-media.brightline.tv/sdk/tcf/privacy_policy.html
https://cdn-media.brightline.tv/sdk/tcf/privacy_policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
1825 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Browsi
https://browsi.com/privacy-policy-2/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 400 days)
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
BSmartData GmbH
https://www.bsmartdata.com/en/privacy/
https://www.bsmartdata.com/en/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Bucksense Inc
https://www.bucksense.com/platform-privacy-policy/
https://www.bucksense.com
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 day 46 minutes 40 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Businessclick Sp. z o.o.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.businessclick.com/documents/Privacy_Policy.pdf
https://www.businessclick.com/documents/Privacy_Policy.pdf#page=7
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 1095 days)
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 1095 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 3 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
BYTEDANCE PTE. LTD.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
540 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
C Wire AG
Legitimate Interest
https://www.cwire.com/privacy-policy
https://www.cwire.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Captify Technologies Limited
https://www.captifytechnologies.com/privacy-notice/
https://www.captifytechnologies.com/privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Carbonatix LTD
https://carbonatix.com/privacy-policy/
https://carbonatix.com/terms-of-service/
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Caroda s.r.o.
https://www.caroda.io/privacy-statement
https://www.caroda.io/privacy-statement
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
CASTOOLA D.O.O.
Legitimate Interest
https://castoola.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/castoola_pp_06.01.2022.pdf
https://castoola.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/castoola_pp_06.01.2022.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Cavai AS
Legitimate Interest
https://www.cavai.com/privacy-policy
https://www.cavai.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Celtra Inc.
https://www.celtra.com/privacy
https://www.celtra.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Channel99, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.channel99.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.channel99.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
CHEQ AI TECHNOLOGIES
https://cheq.ai/privacy-policy/
https://cheq.ai/privacy-policy/
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
CIBLECLIC
https://uzerly.fr/terms-and-conditions/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
User-provided data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 182 days 12 hours
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Cint AB
https://www.cint.com/participant-privacy-notice
https://www.cint.com/participant-privacy-notice
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
366 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
CITISERVI EUROPE, S.L.
https://www.citiservimedia.com/politica-de-privacidad-plataforma-citiservimedia/
https://www.citiservimedia.com/politica-de-privacidad-plataforma-citiservimedia/#legitimate-interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 57 days 20 hours 53 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Claritas LLC
https://claritas.com/privacy-legal/
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
CleverPush GmbH
https://cleverpush.com/en/privacy/
https://cleverpush.com/en/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Click Performance GmbH
https://www.click-performance.com/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Clickagy LLC
https://www.clickagy.com/privacy/
https://www.clickagy.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 364 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Clinch Labs LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://clinch.co/privacy-policy
https://clinch.co/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Clipcentric GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://clipcentric.de/datenschutzerklaerung/
https://clipcentric.de/datenschutzerklaerung/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Clipcentric, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://clipcentric.com/privacy.bhtml
https://clipcentric.com/privacy.bhtml#adViewersProcessingGrounds
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Clipflip Interactive Video Technology GmbH
https://www.clipflip.video/data-privacy
https://www.clipflip.video/data-privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Clipr
https://www.clipr.co/privacy-terms
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1080 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Cloud Technologies S.A.
https://www.cloudtechnologies.pl/en/internet-advertising-privacy-policy
https://www.cloudtechnologies.pl/en/internet-advertising-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Cluep Inc.
https://cluep.com/privacy/notice
https://cluep.com/privacy/notice
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
CMI Marketing, Inc. d/b/a Raptive
Legitimate Interest
https://cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy/
https://cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 358 days 19 hours 6 minutes 40 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
CND Motion Media GmbH
https://www.cnd-motionmedia.de/media/pdf/datenschutz_b2b.pdf
https://www.cnd-motionmedia.de/media/pdf/datenschutz_b2b.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 28 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Codevelop Technologies GmbH
https://codevelop.io/en/privacy
https://codevelop.io/en/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Comcast International France SAS/FreeWheel Media, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.freewheel.com/privacy-policy
https://www.freewheel.com/privacy-policy#tab2_section2_4
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
547 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 182 days 12 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Commanders Act
https://www.commandersact.com/en/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
communicationAds GmbH & Co. KG
Legitimate Interest
https://www.communicationads.net/de-de/ueberuns/datenschutz/
https://www.communicationads.net/de-de/ueberuns/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Comscore B.V.
https://www.scorecardresearch.com/privacy.aspx
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 355 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ConceptX ApS
Legitimate Interest
https://www.conceptx.com/privacy
https://www.conceptx.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Confiant Inc.
https://www.confiant.com/privacy
https://www.confiant.com/privacy
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
congstar GmbH
https://www.congstar.de/datenschutz
https://www.congstar.de/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 7 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Connatix Native Exchange Inc.
https://connatix.com/privacy-policy/
https://connatix.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days 2 hours 13 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ConnectAd Demand GmbH
https://connectadrealtime.com/privacy/
https://connectadrealtime.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days 10 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Consumable, Inc
https://consumable.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 15 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Contact Impact GmbH/Axel Springer Teaser Ad GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://contactimpact.de/privacy
https://contactimpact.de/privacy.html#section-3
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 135 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Content Ignite
Legitimate Interest
https://www.contentignite.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.contentignite.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 17 hours 13 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Content Performance Group GmbH
https://www.copegroup.com/datenschutzerklaerung-vermarktung/
https://www.copegroup.com/datenschutzerklaerung-vermarktung/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Contimo APS
https://www.contimo.io/privacy-policy
https://www.contimo.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Use limited data to select content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Converge-Digital
Legitimate Interest
https://converge-digital.com/privacy-policy/
https://converge-digital.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Copper6 LTD
https://www.copper6.com/privacy
https://www.copper6.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
14 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 14 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Covatic Ltd
https://covatic.com/terms/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
CRACKLE TECHNOLOGIES PTE. LTD.
Legitimate Interest
https://crackle.tech/privacy
https://crackle.tech/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Creatopy INC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.creatopy.com/legal-information/privacy-policy/
https://www.creatopy.com/legal-information/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Crimtan Holdings Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://www.crimtan.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.crimtan.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Criteo SA
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/how-we-use-your-data/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
crossvertise GmbH
https://www.crossvertise.com/rechtliches/datenschutz
https://www.crossvertise.com/rechtliches/datenschutz/datenschutzbestimmungen-iab-tcf
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Cuebiq Group, LLC
https://www.cuebiq.com/privacypolicy/
https://www.cuebiq.com/privacypolicy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
cynapsis interactive GmbH
https://www.cynapsis.de/impressum#datenschutz
https://www.cynapsis.de/impressum#datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Czech Publisher Exchange z.s.p.o.
https://www.cpex.cz/pro-uzivatele/ochrana-soukromi/
https://www.cpex.cz/pro-uzivatele/ochrana-soukromi/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 23 hours 59 minutes 49 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Dailymotion Video Player and Ad Products
Legitimate Interest
https://legal.dailymotion.com/en/privacy-policy/
https://legal.dailymotion.com/en/legitimate-interest/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 366 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 366 days)
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 186 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 186 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 366 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
92 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 23 hours 59 minutes 50 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Dando online LTD
https://singularads.com/policy/
https://singularads.com/policy/
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
DataDome SA
Legitimate Interest
https://datadome.co/privacy-policy/
https://datadome.co/privacy-policy/#claims
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 6 hours 40 minutes
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Dataseat Ltd
https://dataseat.com/privacy-policy
https://dataseat.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 day
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
DataWave LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://mydatawave.com/privacy.html
https://mydatawave.com/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
dataXtrade GmbH
https://dataxtrade.com/de/privacy.html
https://dataxtrade.com/de/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
D-Block
https://d-block.fr/politique-confidentialite/
https://d-block.fr/politique-confidentialite/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 8 hours 53 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Decentralised Advertising Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://dahq.io/privacy-policy
https://dahq.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
DeepIntent, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.deepintent.com/platform-privacy-policy/
https://option.deepintent.com/userdatarequest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 182 days 20 hours 43 minutes 9 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
DEFINE MEDIA GMBH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.definemedia.de/datenschutz-conative/
https://definemedia.de/de/datenschutz-conative
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Delta Projects AB
Legitimate Interest
https://deltaprojects.com/data-collection-policy
https://deltaprojects.com/data-collection-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
547 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Demand Science US, LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://demandscience.com/privacy-policy/
https://iabdisclosure.terminusplatform.com/Demand_Science_US_LLC_LIA_v3_Jan_2025.pdf
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Demandbase, Inc.
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy/
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 1 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 1 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Dentsu A/S
https://www.dentsu.com/dk/dk/privatlivspolitik
https://www.dentsu.com/dk/dk/privatlivspolitik
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
21 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 8 hours 24 minutes
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Dentsu Italia SpA
https://www.dentsu.com/it/it/policies/info-cookie
https://www.dentsu.com/it/it/policies/legittimo-interesse
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Dentsu Product & Services GmbH
https://mediaintelligence.de/privacy-policyeng.do
https://mediaintelligence.de/privacy-policyeng.do
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 356 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Dentsu UK Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://privacy.metadsp.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
https://privacy.metadsp.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Dianomi PLC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.dianomi.com/legal/privacy.epl
https://www.dianomi.com/legal/privacy.epl
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years 1 day 5 hours 6 minutes
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Digital Brain Nordic AB
https://samhub.io/privacy-center/privacy-policy/
https://samhub.io/privacy-center/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Digital East GmbH
https://www.digitaleast.mobi/privacy-policy/
https://www.digitaleast.mobi/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Digital Matter, UAB
https://digitalmatter.ai/en/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
DIGITAL SQUAD
https://www.squadata.net/en/private-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
360 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 6 minutes
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
digitalAudience B.V.
https://digitalaudience.io/legal/
https://digitalaudience.io/legal/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 6 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
DIGITEKA Technologies
Legitimate Interest
https://www.ultimedia.com/default/presentation/cgu
https://www.ultimedia.com/default/presentation/politiqueconfidentialite
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 32 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Discover-Tech ltd
https://www.discover-tech.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
93 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Disqus
https://help.disqus.com/en/articles/1717103-disqus-privacy-policy
https://help.disqus.com/en/articles/1717103-disqus-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
DistroScale, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.distroscale.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.distroscale.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Doceree UK Limited
https://doceree.com/uk/uk-privacy-policy/
https://doceree.com/uk/uk-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
DoubleVerify Inc.​
Legitimate Interest
https://doubleverify.com/privacy-notice/solutions-privacy-notice
https://doubleverify.com/privacy-notice/solutions-privacy-notice
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
45 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
dpa-infocom GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://service.dpa-infocom.de/de/support/solutions/articles/202000032830-informationen-zum-datenschutz-f%C3%BCr-die-user-unserer-kunden
https://service.dpa-infocom.de/de/support/solutions/articles/202000032831-verfahrensbeschreibung-zur-datenverarbeitung-f%C3%BCr-kunden-diverser-content-produkte-der-dpa-infocom-gmb
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
DT Exchange (Fyber Monetization Ltd.)
https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
12 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Duration Media, LLC.
https://www.durationmedia.net/privacy-policy
https://www.durationmedia.net/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Dynamic 1001 GmbH
https://dynamic-tracking.com/Datenschutz.aspx
https://dynamic-tracking.com/Modules/Common/Kontakt.aspx
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
700 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Dynata LLC
https://www.dynataprivacy.com/
https://www.dynataprivacy.com/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
EASY Marketing GmbH
https://trck.easy-m.de/privacy-policy.do
https://trck.easy-m.de/privacy-policy.do
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
EASY TECH GROUP CO., LIMITED
https://www.pubeasy.io/privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Categories of data:
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
3 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 15 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
EASYmedia GmbH
https://login.rtbmarket.com/gdpr
https://login.rtbmarket.com/gdpr
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
EDGE NPD Sp. z o.o.
Legitimate Interest
https://abtshield.com/privacy-policy/
https://abtshield.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2000 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Edge226 Ltd
https://edge226.com/privacy-policy/
https://edge226.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Effiliation / Effinity
https://www.effinity.fr/politique-de-confidentialite/
https://www.effinity.fr/politique-de-confidentialite/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
eLabz SRL
Legitimate Interest
https://outpush.io/privacy-policy/
https://outpush.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Use limited data to select content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
EliteAppgrade
https://eliteappgrade.com/privacy-policy
https://eliteappgrade.com/privacy-policy
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
eMarketingSolutions, Online Marketing S.L.
https://emarketingsolutions.es/privacy-policy/?lang=en
https://emarketingsolutions.es/privacy-policy/?lang=en
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
EMBRACE Systems GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.superfusion.ai/datenschutz-embrace-platform
https://www.superfusion.ai/datenschutz/lia
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Emerse Sverige AB
Legitimate Interest
https://www.emerse.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.emerse.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
emetriq GmbH
https://www.emetriq.com/datenschutz/
https://www.emetriq.com/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Empower AdTech
https://www.empower.net/privacy
https://www.empower.net/privacy#legitimate-interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Encore Digital Media
Legitimate Interest
https://www.encoredigitalmedia.net/privacy-policy
https://www.encoredigitalmedia.net/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Ensighten
Legitimate Interest
https://cheq.ai/privacy-policy/
https://cheq.ai/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Epom Ltd.
https://epom.com/privacy-policy
https://epom.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
3 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Epsilon
https://www.epsilon.com/emea/privacy-policy
https://www.epsilon.com/emea/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 3285 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 3285 days)
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 3285 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 3285 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 3285 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
540 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years 7 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Equativ
https://equativ.com/privacy-policy/
https://equativ.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
50 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 23 hours 59 minutes 55 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Ermes
https://www.ermes.ai/politique-de-confidentialite/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ESB Connect Limited
https://privacy.opt-me-in.com
https://privacy.opt-me-in.com
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
720 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Eskimi
Legitimate Interest
https://www.eskimi.com/privacy-policy
https://www.eskimi.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
esome advertising technologies gmbh
https://www.esome.com/en/data-privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ETARGET SE
https://sk.search.etargetnet.com/policy.html
https://sk.search.etargetnet.com/legitimate-interest.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Eulerian Technologies
https://www.eulerian.com/en/privacy/
https://www.eulerian.com/en/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Euvic 360e-com Sp. z o.o.
https://www.clickonometrics.com/optout/en.html
https://www.clickonometrics.com/optout/en.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Evolution Technologies Inc.
https://e-volution.ai/privacy-policy-3/
https://e-volution.ai/privacy-policy-3/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 day
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Evorra Ltd
https://evorra.com/product-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
EX.CO Technologies Ltd
https://ex.co/privacy-policy/
https://ex.co/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Exactag GmbH
https://exactag.com/privacy-policy/
https://exactag.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
210 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
EXADS
Legitimate Interest
https://www.exads.com/privacy-policy
https://www.exads.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Exceed Solutions GmbH
https://www.nunami.ai/privacy-policy
https://www.nunami.ai/de/cookie-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
40 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Exit Bee Limited
https://www.exitbee.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
EXOCLICK, S.L.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.exoclick.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.exoclick.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Experian LTD
https://www.experian.co.uk/privacy/consumer-information-portal/
https://www.experian.co.uk/privacy/consumer-information-portal/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 182 days 15 hours 20 minutes
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Exponential Interactive, Inc d/b/a VDX.tv
https://vdx.tv/privacy/
https://cdnx.exponential.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Balancing-Assessment-for-Legitimate-Interest-Publishers-v2.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
397 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Extreme Reach, Inc
https://www.xr.global/legal/privacy-policy-for-xr-extreme-reach-ad-serving-and-analytics
https://www.xr.global/legal/privacy-policy-for-xr-extreme-reach-ad-serving-and-analytics
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Eyeota Pte Ltd
https://www.eyeota.com/privacy-center
https://www.eyeota.com/eyeota-marketplace-privacy-policy#pcc-anchor-2
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 1 day
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Ezoic Inc.
https://www.ezoic.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 7 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Factor Eleven GmbH
https://de.f11-ads.com/privacy.php
https://de.f11-ads.com/privacy.php
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Fandom, Inc.
https://www.fandom.com/privacy-policy
https://www.fandom.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 3 years 62 days 9 hours 46 minutes 39 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
FeedAd GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://feedad.com/privacy/
https://feedad.com/privacy/#legal-basis
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Feeltapmedia Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://feeltapmedia.com/Privacy-policy/
https://feeltapmedia.com/Privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Fifty Technology Limited
https://fifty.io/privacy-policy
https://fifty.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
183 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
FireArc Technologies Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://www.carambola.com/privacypolicy
https://www.carambola.com/privacypolicy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 364 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 364 days 23 hours 43 minutes 20 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
First-id
https://www.first-id.fr/legale/cookie-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Firstlead GmbH (ADCELL)
https://www.adcell.de/agb#sector_6
https://www.adcell.de/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 5 days)
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Flashtalking
https://www.flashtalking.com/privacypolicy/
https://www.flashtalking.com/legitimate-interest-legal-basis
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Flexoffers.com, LLC
https://www.flexoffers.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.flexoffers.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Flyads OÜ
Legitimate Interest
https://flyads.com/privacy-policy
https://flyads.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Footballco Media Limited
https://www.goal.com/en-gb/legal/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 17 hours 13 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Foreshadow s.r.o
https://hodokudsp.com/privacy-policy/
https://hodokudsp.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 182 days 15 hours 20 minutes
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Frameplay Corporation
Legitimate Interest
https://www.frameplay.gg/terms
https://www.frameplay.gg/terms
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
547 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
fraud0 GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.fraud0.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.fraud0.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
FRVR Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://frvr.com/legal#PrivacyPolicy
https://frvr.com/legal#PrivacyPolicy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
1825 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
FUNKE Digital GmbH
https://funkedigital.de/datenschutzerklaerung/
https://funkedigital.de/datenschutzerklaerung/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
User-provided data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 49 minutes 12 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Gadsme
https://www.gadsme.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.gadsme.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
GameAnalytics ApS
Legitimate Interest
https://gameanalytics.com/trust/privacy/privacy-notice
https://gameanalytics.com/trust/privacy/privacy-notice
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 548 days)
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 548 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 548 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Gameloft SE
https://www.gameloft.com/en/privacy-notice
https://www.gameloft.com/en/legal/advertising-legitimate-interest/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Gamesight Inc
https://console.gamesight.io/privacy-policy
https://console.gamesight.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Gamned
https://www.gamned.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Gamoshi Ltd
https://www.gamoshi.com/privacy-policy
https://www.gamoshi.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
GEEMEE INC.
https://www.geemee.ai/privacy
https://www.geemee.ai/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
GeistM Technologies LTD
https://geistm.com/legal/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Gemius SA
https://www.gemius.com/privacy-policy.html
https://www.gemius.com/privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 1 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 1827 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 1827 days)
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1096 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Genius Sports Media Inc.
https://www.geniussports.com/policies/media-buying-services-and-tcf-privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Genius Sports UK Limited
https://www.geniussports.com/policies/media-buying-services-and-tcf-privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
GeoEdge
Legitimate Interest
https://www.geoedge.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.geoedge.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Gesher Software LTD dba bridgeupp
https://bridgeupp.com/PrivacyPolicy.html
https://bridgeupp.com/PrivacyPolicy.html
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
GfK GmbH
https://help.sensic.net/privacypolicy_en.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
720 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
giosg.com Oy
https://www.giosg.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Global Media Group Services Limited
https://global.com/legal/privacy-policy/
https://global.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 3285 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 3285 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content (Data Retention Period: 3285 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
37 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 175 days 16 minutes 40 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
GlobalWebIndex
https://legal.trendstream.net/non-panellist_privacy_policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 1 day
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
glomex GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.glomex.com/en/privacy-policy/privacy-notice-for-the-glomex-player/
https://www.glomex.com/en/privacy-policy/privacy-notice-for-the-glomex-player/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised content
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Glui Inc
https://www.glui.io/privacy-policy/
https://www.glui.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
1 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Go See TV Limited
https://www.goseetv.media/privacy
https://www.goseetv.media/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Go.pl sp. z o.o.
Legitimate Interest
https://go.pl/polityka-prywatnosci/
https://go.pl/polityka-prywatnosci/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 1095 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 8 years 80 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Goldbach Group AG
Legitimate Interest
https://goldbach.com/ch/en/privacy-policy/goldbach-group
https://goldbach.com/ch/en/privacy-policy/goldbach-group
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 3 years 17 hours 27 minutes 36 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Golden Bees
https://applies.goldenbees.fr/privacyPolicy/fr
https://applies.goldenbees.fr/privacyPolicy/fr
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Good-Loop Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://good-loop.com/privacy-policy
https://good-loop.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
31 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 31 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Google Advertising Products
Legitimate Interest
https://business.safety.google/privacy/
https://policies.google.com/privacy#europeanrequirements
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
548 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 17 hours 13 minutes 20 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
GP One GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.gsi-one.org/en/privacy-policy.html
https://www.gsi-one.org/en/privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: Session
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Grabit Interactive Media Inc dba KERV Interctive
Legitimate Interest
https://kerv.ai/privacy-policy/
https://kerv.ai/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
1825 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Gravito Ltd.
https://www.gravito.net/privacy-notice/
https://www.gravito.net/privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 16 hours 18 minutes 18 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Greenbids
https://www.greenbids.ai/privacy
https://www.greenbids.ai/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Groupe Canal+
https://canalplus.com/cookies/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 390 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
GroupM UK Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://www.groupm.com/privacy-notice
https://www.groupm.com/privacy-notice
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
2 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
GumGum, Inc.
https://www.gumgum.com/terms-and-policies/privacy-policy
https://gumgum.com/terms-and-policies/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 720 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 720 days)
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 720 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years 5 days 1 second
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Happydemics
Legitimate Interest
https://happydemics.com/en/terms_and_conditions
https://happydemics.com/en/terms_and_conditions
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Hashtag Labs Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://hashtag-labs.com/privacy-policy.html
https://hashtag-labs.com/privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Havas Media (Artemis Alliance S.L.U.)
https://www.havas.com/cookie-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Hearts and Science München GmbH
https://www.nonstoppartner.net
https://www.nonstoppartner.net
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
45 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
HEIMSPIEL Medien GmbH & Co. KG
https://heimspiel.de/legal/privacy-policy-iab-vendor/
https://heimspiel.de/legal/privacy-policy-iab-vendor/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Hiili SL
Legitimate Interest
https://hiili.org/privacy/
https://hiili.org/privacy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Hillside (Sports) GP Limited
https://www.bet365partners.com/en/privacypolicy
https://www.bet365partners.com/en/privacypolicy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
45 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 4 days 12 hours
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Hivestack Inc.
https://hivestack.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
Device identifiers
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
394 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Holid AB
Legitimate Interest
https://app.holid.io/assets/documents/PrivacyPolicyHolid.pdf
https://app.holid.io/assets/documents/PrivacyPolicyHolid.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
HONG KONG ZHIONE TECHNOLOGY CO., LIMITED
Legitimate Interest
https://www.tradplusad.com/en/privacy-policy
https://www.tradplusad.com/en/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Hubvisor
https://cdn.hubvisor.io/assets/policy.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
HUMAN
Legitimate Interest
https://www.humansecurity.com/privacy
https://www.humansecurity.com/privacy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Hurra Communications GmbH
https://privacy.hurra.com/tcf/
https://privacy.hurra.com/tcf/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 396 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 8 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Hurst Group Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://www.hurstmediacompany.co.uk/terms-conditions/
https://www.hurstmediacompany.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 35 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Hybrid Adtech GmbH
https://hybrid.ai/data_protection_policy
https://hybrid.ai/data_protection_policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Hybrid Theory Global Ltd
https://hybridtheory.com/privacy-notice/
https://hybridtheory.com/privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
HyperTV Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.connected-stories.com/privacy-statement
https://www.connected-stories.com/legitimate-interest-claim
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
hyScore.io GmbH
https://hyscore.io/data-privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
I.R.V. D.O.O.
https://www.contentexchange.me/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ID5 Technology Ltd
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy/
https://id5.io/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ID-CLICK MEDIA / CASANEO
https://www.casaneo.io/fr/nos-mentions-legales/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Ideal Media US Inc.
https://partner.idealmedia.io/pages/privacy/en/
https://partner.idealmedia.io/pages/privacy/en/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
IDG Communications, Inc. dba Foundry
Legitimate Interest
https://foundryco.com/idg-privacy-policy
https://foundryco.com/idg-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years 12 hours
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
iion Digital Pty Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://www.iion.io/privacy-policy
https://www.iion.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
illuma technology limited
Legitimate Interest
https://www.weareilluma.com/end-user-policy/
https://www.weareilluma.com/end-user-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
impact.com
Legitimate Interest
https://www.engageya.com/privacy
https://www.engageya.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Use limited data to select content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Impactify SARL
https://impactify.io/privacy-policy/
https://impactify.io/privacy-policy/#legal-basis-and-purposes-for-processing
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days 10 hours 29 minutes 6 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Improve Digital
Legitimate Interest
https://www.improvedigital.com/platform-privacy-policy
https://www.improvedigital.com/platform-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Index Exchange Inc.
https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy
https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/exchange-platform-privacy-policy/#section-3
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
INFINIA MOBILE S.L.
https://www.infiniamobile.com/avisopolitica-us.html#pri
https://www.infiniamobile.com/avisopolitica-us.html#pri
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Infolinks Media, LLC
https://www.infolinks.com/privacy-policy
https://www.infolinks.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
INFOnline GmbH
https://www.infonline.de/en/datenschutzerklaerung/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Ingenious Technologies AG
https://www.ingenioustechnologies.com/privacy-policy
https://www.ingenioustechnologies.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
92 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
InMobi Pte Ltd
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Innovid LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.innovid.com/privacy-policy
https://www.innovid.com/privacy-policy/#additional-information-europe-residents
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Inskin Media LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://www.azerion.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/Website-Privacy-Notice-v3-Inskin-Media.pdf
https://www.azerion.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/Website-Privacy-Notice-v3-Inskin-Media.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 4320 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 4320 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 1 day
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Inspigroup s.r.o.
https://www.glami.cz/info/privacy/
https://www.glami.cz/info/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years 348 days 23 hours 59 minutes 57 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Insticator, Inc.
https://www.insticator.com/privacy/
https://www.insticator.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
InsurAds Technologies SA.
https://www.insurads.com/privacy.html
https://www.insurads.com/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 3 days)
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Integral Ad Science (incorporating ADmantX)
Legitimate Interest
https://integralads.com/ias-privacy-data-management/policies/
https://integralads.com/ias-privacy-data-management/policies/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Intent IQ LLC
https://www.intentiq.com/technology-privacy-policy/
https://www.intentiq.com/technology-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Intercept Interactive Inc. dba Undertone
Legitimate Interest
https://www.undertone.com/privacy-center/
https://www.undertone.com/privacy-center/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 48 minutes 46 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
INVIBES GROUP
Legitimate Interest
https://www.invibes.com/terms.html
https://www.invibes.com/terms.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
INVIDI technologies AB
https://www.invidi.com/privacy-policy-ad-tech-services/
https://www.invidi.com/privacy-policy-ad-tech-services/#legal-basis
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 765 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 765 days)
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
IPONWEB GmbH
https://www.iponweb.com/policies-legal/iponweb-privacy-policy/
https://www.iponweb.com/policies-legal/iponweb-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
iPROM
https://iprom.eu/privacy_policy/GDPR
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
iProspect GmbH
https://inetpro.io/privacy-policyeng.do
https://inetpro.io/privacy-policyeng.do
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 356 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
IPSOS MORI UK LTD
https://iris.ipsos.com/site-centric-privacy/
https://iris.ipsos.com/site-centric-privacy/#legitimateInterests
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
40 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
IQM CORPORATION
https://iqm.com/privacy-policy
https://iqm.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 15 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Italiaonline S.p.A.
https://www.italiaonline.it/corporate/informativa-privacy/
https://www.italiaonline.it/corporate/informativa-privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
360 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ividence
Legitimate Interest
https://ividence.com/politique-de-confidentialite/
https://ividence.com/politique-de-confidentialite/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
IVO Media Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://www.ivo.io/privacy/
https://www.ivo.io/privacy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Jampp LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://www.jampp.com/privacy-policy-terms-and-conditions
https://www.jampp.com/privacy-policy-terms-and-conditions
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Jetpack Digital LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.jetpack.net/privacy
https://www.jetpack.net/privacy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Jivox Corporation
https://jivox.com/privacy/
https://jivox.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Jobster AdTech B.V.
https://www.jobster.com/privacy-statement
https://www.jobster.com/privacy-statement
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
45 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Justpremium BV
https://gumgum.com/terms-and-policies/justpremium-privacy-policy
https://gumgum.com/terms-and-policies/justpremium-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Justtag Nordics Oy
https://audiencefinder.justtag.com/privacy
https://audiencefinder.justtag.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Justtag Sp. z o.o.
https://justtag.com/PRIVACY_POLICY.pdf
https://justtag.com/PRIVACY_POLICY.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
JWP, Inc.
https://jwplayer.com/legal/privacy/
https://jwplayer.com/legal/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Kairos Fire
https://www.kairosfire.com/legal-notice/
https://www.kairosfire.com/legal-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 390 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Kameleoon SAS
https://developers.kameleoon.com/local-storage.html#list-of-collected-data
https://www.kameleoon.com/en/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Kamino Retail
Legitimate Interest
https://www.kaminoretail.com/privacy-policy
https://www.kaminoretail.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Kargo Global Inc.
https://kargo.com/privacy
https://kargo.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Kayzen
Legitimate Interest
https://kayzen.io/data-privacy-policy
https://kayzen.io/data-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Kidoz Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://kidoz.net/privacy-policies
https://kidoz.net/privacy-policies#legitimate-interest-claim
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 42 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Kindred Soul Ltd
https://event.kindred.co/privacy-policy
https://event.kindred.co/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Kiosked Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://kiosked.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.kiosked.com/data-processing-policy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Knorex
https://www.knorex.com/privacy
https://www.knorex.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
KÖNIGSTEINER digital GmbH
https://www.koenigsteiner.digital/datenschutz
https://www.koenigsteiner.digital/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Konodrac S.L.
https://konodrac.com/privacy-policy/
https://konodrac.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Krush Media LLC
https://krushmedia.com/privacy-policy/
https://krushmedia.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
14 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 13 days 23 hours 59 minutes 58 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Kuantyx Media Limited
https://kuantyx.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 120 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Kueez Entertainment Ltd.
Legitimate Interest
https://weare.kueez.com/legal-center/privacy-policy
https://weare.kueez.com/legal-center/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
KUPONA GmbH
https://www.kupona.de/dsgvo/#datenschutzerklaerung
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 88 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 minutes 30 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Kwanko
https://www.kwanko.com/gdpr/privacy-policy/
https://www.kwanko.com/gdpr/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
lead alliance GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.lead-alliance.net/dataprotection2
https://www.lead-alliance.net/dataprotection2
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Leadoo Marketing Technologies Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://leadoo.com/privacy-policy/
https://leadoo.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1825 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Lemma Media Inc
https://lemmamedia.com/privacy-policy/
https://lemmamedia.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Precise location data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
LetThereBeAds / Performax
Legitimate Interest
https://www.performax.cz/en/privacy-policy
https://www.performax.cz/en/processed-purposes
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Liftoff Monetize and Vungle Exchange
Legitimate Interest
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
LightBoxTV
https://www.lightboxtv.co.uk/privacy
https://www.lightboxtv.co.uk/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
Legitimate Interest
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
540 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
LiquidM Technology GmbH
https://liquidm.com/privacy-policy/
https://liquidm.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
14 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Listonic Sp. z o.o.
Legitimate Interest
https://listonic.com/privacy/
https://listonic.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 35 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Live Data Solutions SL
https://www.livedata-solutions.com/politique-de-confidentialite
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
LiveIntent Inc.
https://liveintent.com/services-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years 11 hours 38 minutes 24 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
LiveRamp
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/service-privacy-policy/
https://liveramp.fr/iab-transparency-consent-framework/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years 2 days 12 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Livewrapped AB
Legitimate Interest
https://livewrapped.com/privacy-policy
https://livewrapped.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Localsensor B.V.
https://www.localsensor.com/privacy.html
https://www.localsensor.com/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
31 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Loop Now Technologies Inc.
https://firework.com/legal/privacypolicy/
https://firework.com/legal/privacypolicy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
LoopMe Limited
https://legal.loopme.com/privacy-center#contract-hyartvn1o
https://legal.loopme.com/privacy-center#contract-hyartvn1o
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Lotame Solutions, Inc
https://www.lotame.com/privacy/privacy-notices/services/
https://www.lotame.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/TC_String_Legitimate_Interests_Assessment_Lotame.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 273 days 18 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Low Lag Labs
https://lowlaglabs.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Lucid Holdings, LLC
https://luc.id/privacy-policy/
https://luc.id/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
366 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Lumen Research Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://lumen-research.com/privacy/
https://lumen-research.com/privacy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Luna Media Group LLC
https://lunamedia.io/privacy-policy/
https://lunamedia.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 14 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Lupon Media
https://luponmedia.com/privacy-policy
https://luponmedia.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
M.D. Primis Technologies Ltd.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.primis.tech/privacy-policy/
https://www.primis.tech/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 25 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
M32 Connect Inc
https://m32connect.com/privacy-consent-management/privacy-cookie-policy/
https://m32connect.com/privacy-consent-management/privacy-cookie-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Madington
https://delivered-by-madington.com/dat-privacy-policy/index.html
https://delivered-by-madington.com/dat-privacy-policy/index.html
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Madison Logic, Inc.
https://www.madisonlogic.com/privacy/
https://www.madisonlogic.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 45 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
MADVERTISE MEDIA
https://developers.bluestack.app/privacy-policy
https://developers.bluestack.app/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 120 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Magnite CTV, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.magnite.com/legal/advertising-technology-privacy-policy/
https://www.magnite.com/legal/advertising-technology-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
28 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 48 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Magnite, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.magnite.com/legal/advertising-technology-privacy-policy/
https://www.magnite.com/legal/advertising-technology-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
28 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Magnite, Inc. (Carbon AI Limited)
Legitimate Interest
https://www.magnite.com/legal/advertising-technology-privacy-policy/
https://www.magnite.com/legal/advertising-technology-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Use limited data to select content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
mainADV Srl
https://www.mainad.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.mainad.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Marfeel Solutions, SL
https://community.marfeel.com/t/marfeel-com-privacy-policy/10383?_gl=1*1xgxg01*_gcl_au*NTk1NDkyOTE5LjE3MTUwMTExOTE.
https://community.marfeel.com/t/marfeel-touch-privacy-policy/10436
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Marfeel Solutions, SL (Compass)
https://community.marfeel.com/t/marfeel-saas-privacy-policy/7500
https://community.marfeel.com/t/legitimate-interest-assessment-on-tcf-string/64405
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Marketing Science Consulting Group, lnc.
https://fouanalytics.com/privacy
https://fouanalytics.com/privacy
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
MARKETPERF CORP
https://www.marketperf.com/assets/images/app/marketperf/pdf/privacy-policy.pdf
https://www.marketperf.com/assets/images/app/marketperf/pdf/privacy-policy.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Mars Media Group
https://mars.media/privacy-policy
https://mars.media/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Maxetise AB
Legitimate Interest
https://maxetise.net/privacy-policy.html
https://maxetise.net/privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
MEDIA FORCE COMMUNICATIONS (2007) LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://comparisons.org/privacy.php
https://comparisons.org/privacy.php
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Media Square
https://www.mediasquare.fr/e-privacy/
https://www.mediasquare.fr/e-privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Media.net Advertising FZ-LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.media.net/privacy-policy/
https://www.media.net/privacy-policy/#legitimate-interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
2190 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 6 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Media16 ltd
https://media16.tv/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
MEDIAMETRIE
https://www.mediametrie.fr/en/management-cookies
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 1095 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Media-Micro-Census GmbH
https://www.agma-mmc.de/datenschutz
https://www.agma-mmc.de/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
MEDIARITHMICS SAS
https://www.mediarithmics.io/legal/data-policy
https://www.mediarithmics.io/legal/data-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
MEDIAVERSE.AI LTD
https://mediaverse.ai/privacy-policy
https://mediaverse.ai/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Categories of data:
Probabilistic identifiers
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Mediavine, Inc.
https://www.mediavine.com/privacy-policy
https://www.mediavine.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 6 hours 40 minutes
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
MEDIAWAYSS Sp. z o.o.
https://vidverto.io/privacy-policy/
https://vidverto.io/privacy-policy/#interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
364 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 364 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Memob Plus FZ LLC
https://memob.com/privacy-policy/
https://memob.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
METAX SOFTWARE PTE.LTD.
Legitimate Interest
https://metaxsoft.com/privacy-policy/
https://metaxsoft.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
MetrixLab Nederland B.V.
https://www.metrixlab.com/privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
MGID Inc.
https://www.mgid.com/privacy-policy
https://www.mgid.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
MI LI TECHNOLOGY CO., LIMITED
https://milimili.ai/privacyPolicy.html
https://milimili.ai/privacyPolicy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Microsoft Advertising
https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/privacystatement/#mainpersonaldatawecollect_LongDescription
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 17 hours 13 minutes 20 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Mindlytix SAS
https://mindlytix.com/privacy/
https://mindlytix.com/html/data_information.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
123 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 123 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Mintegral International Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
MiQ Digital Ltd
https://www.wearemiq.com/privacy-and-compliance
https://www.wearemiq.com/privacy-and-compliance
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 1 hour 6 minutes 40 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Mirando GmbH & Co KG
Legitimate Interest
https://get.mirando.de/download/gdpr.php
https://get.mirando.de/download/gdpr.php
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
MISSENA
https://missena.com/privacy
https://missena.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
360 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 360 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Mobavenue Media Pvt Ltd
https://www.mobavenue.com/privacy-policy
https://www.mobavenue.com/privacy-policy
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Mobfox US LLC
https://www.mobfox.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.mobfox.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 14 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Mobian LLC
https://themobian.com/privacy/
https://themobian.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Mobilewalla, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.mobilewalla.com/business-services-privacy-notice-2023
https://www.mobilewalla.com/business-services-privacy-notice-2023
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Mobility-Ads GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://mobility-ads.de/datenschutz/
https://mobility-ads.de/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Mobitech LTD
https://mobitech.io/privacy.html
https://mobitech.io/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 day
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Mobkoi Ltd
https://www.mobkoi.com/advertising-platform-privacy-policy/
https://www.mobkoi.com/advertising-platform-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 15 days 5 hours
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Mobsuccess
https://www.mobsuccess.com/en/privacy
https://www.mobsuccess.com/en/legitimate-interest-documentation
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
150 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Moloco, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.moloco.com/privacy-policy
https://www.moloco.com/advertising-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Momento, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://momento.team/privacy-policy
https://momento.team/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Monet Engine Inc
https://adaptmx.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
MOOT TECHNOLOGY LTD
https://www.liftdsp.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 6 hours 40 minutes
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
MULTIBRAIN INC.
https://www.multibrain.tech/privacy
https://www.multibrain.tech/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
myCast TV
Legitimate Interest
https://www.my-cast.tv/privacy-policy
https://www.my-cast.tv/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
MYGARU UKR
https://mygaru.com/privacy-policy
https://mygaru.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 minutes 30 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
MyTraffic
https://www.mytraffic.io/en/privacy
https://www.mytraffic.io/en/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
N.Rich Technologies Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://nrich.io/privacy-notice
https://nrich.io/gdpr-legitimate-interest-assessment-sheet
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
540 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 175 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Nano Interactive Group Ltd.
https://www.nanointeractive.com/privacy-statement/
https://www.nanointeractive.com/privacy-statement/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Natív Hirdetés Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság
Legitimate Interest
https://related.hu/en/privacy-policy
https://related.hu/en/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Nativery Srl
https://www.nativery.com/privacy-en/?
https://www.nativery.com/privacy-en/?
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Nativo, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.nativo.com/interest-based-ads
https://www.nativo.com/interest-based-ads#how-we-use-your-personal-data-and-why
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 45 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 45 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 45 days)
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
NBCUniversal Media LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.nbcuniversal.com/privacy
https://www.nbcuniversal.com/privacy#accordionheader5
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
547 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
NC Audience Exchange, LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.ncaudienceexchange.com/privacy/
https://www.ncaudienceexchange.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Use limited data to select content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
NEORY GmbH
https://www.neory.com/privacy.html
https://www.neory.com/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Netpoint Media GmbH
https://www.netpoint-media.de/technik/datenschutz
https://www.netpoint-media.de/inside/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 hour
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
NEURAL.ONE
https://neural.one/privacy-policy/
https://neural.one/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Neustar, Inc., a TransUnion company
Legitimate Interest
https://www.home.neustar/privacy
https://www.home.neustar/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
540 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Newsroom AI Ltd
https://studio.nws.ai/privacy
https://cdn.thenewsroom.io/docs/cookies.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
NEXD
Legitimate Interest
https://nexd.com/privacy-policy
https://www.nexd.com/legitimate-interest-claim/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
2920 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
NexInsight LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://nexinsight.com.ua/privacy-policy/
https://nexinsight.com.ua/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Next Media SRL
https://next14.com/media/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Next Millennium Media INC
https://nextmillennium.io/privacy-policy/
https://nextmillennium.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
7 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
NextRoll, Inc.
https://www.nextroll.com/privacy
https://www.nextroll.com/lia
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Nexx360
Legitimate Interest
https://nexx360.io/en/privacy-policy-and-cookies/
https://nexx360.io/en/privacy-policy-and-cookies/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Nexxen Group LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://unruly.co/legal/privacy/
https://unruly.co/legal/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Nexxen Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.amobee.com/trust/gdpr/
https://www.amobee.com/trust/gdpr/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
NHNACE
Legitimate Interest
https://nhnace.com/privacy-policy
https://nhnace.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Nielsen International SA
Legitimate Interest
https://www.nielsen.com/legal/privacy-principles/digital-measurement-privacy-statement/
https://www.nielsen.com/legal/privacy-principles/digital-measurement-privacy-statement/#legal-basis
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure content performance
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Nielsen Media Research Ltd.
https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/legal/privacy-statement/nielsen-marketing-cloud-privacy-notice/
https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/legal/privacy-statement/nielsen-marketing-cloud-privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 45 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 396 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 45 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 120 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
NinaData Oy
https://ninadata.io/privacy-policy/
https://ninadata.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 10 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 10 days)
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Use limited data to select content (Data Retention Period: 120 days)
Categories of data:
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 6 years 295 days 12 hours 19 minutes 24 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Nitrouppi LTD
https://nitrouppi.com/privacy-policy/
https://nitrouppi.com/privacy-policy/
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Njuice AB
Legitimate Interest
https://squidapp.co/privacy-policy-2/
https://squidapp.co/privacy-policy-2/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 35 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
NoBid, Inc.
https://www.nobid.io/privacy-policy/
https://www.nobid.io/privacy-policy/#legal_grounds
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 7 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Nodals AI Ltd
https://nodals.ai/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Nordic Data Resources AS
https://www.nordicdataresources.com/terms-of-service
https://www.nordicdataresources.com/contact
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Norstat AS
https://www.norstatpanel.com/en/data-protection
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years 11 hours 38 minutes 24 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Notify
https://fr.notify-group.com/mentions-legales
https://fr.notify-group.com/rgpd
Purposes (Consent):
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 390 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Novatiq limited
https://novatiq.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Nubo LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://api.recod3suite.com/privacypolicy.php
https://api.recod3suite.com/privacypolicy.php
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
1 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 day
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
NumberEight Technologies Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://portal.eu.numbereight.ai/policies-license/#software-privacy-notice
https://portal.eu.numbereight.ai/policies-license/#software-privacy-notice
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
183 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Numberly
https://numberly.com/en/privacy/
https://numberly.com/en/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
183 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Offerista Group GmbH
https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/public-legal-docs.offerista/offerista/en/privacy.html
https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/public-legal-docs.offerista/offerista/en/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Ogury Ltd
https://ogury.com/ogury-advertising-privacy-policy/
https://ogury.com/ogury-advertising-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 183 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
OLYZON
https://olyzon.notion.site/PRIVACY-POLICY-OLYZON-TV-14b2586b2d5f809c9ddafaa86769029d#14b2586b2d5f8065906efeaf3411da8d
https://olyzon.notion.site/PRIVACY-POLICY-OLYZON-TV-14b2586b2d5f809c9ddafaa86769029d#14b2586b2d5f8065906efeaf3411da8d
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
On Device Research Limited
https://s.on-device.com/privacyPolicy
https://s.on-device.com/privacyPolicy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
OnAudience Ltd
https://www.onaudience.com/internet-advertising-privacy-policy
https://www.onaudience.com/internet-advertising-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
One Tech Group GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://onetech.group/datenschutz-plattform/
https://onetech.group/datenschutz-plattform/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
OneFootball GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://static.onefootball.com/legal/consumer-web-privacy-policy/en
https://static.onefootball.com/legal/consumer-web-privacy-policy/en
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
720 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
OneLog AG
https://www.oneid.digital/en/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 16 hours 18 minutes 18 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Onesoon Limited t/a Adalyser
Legitimate Interest
https://adalyser.com/en/terms
https://adalyser.com/en/terms
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
OneTag Limited
https://www.onetag.com/privacy/
https://www.onetag.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
548 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 8 hours 53 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Onfocus (Adagio)
https://adagio.io/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 548 days)
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 548 days)
Develop and improve services
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Online Advertising Network Sp. z o.o.
https://oan.pl/internet-advertising-privacy-policy/
https://oan.pl/internet-advertising-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Online Media Solutions LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://onlinemediasolutions.com/privacy-policy/
https://onlinemediasolutions.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Online Solution
https://adsafety.net/privacy.html
https://adsafety.net/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
onlineumfragen.com GmbH
https://www.onlineumfragen.com/3index_2010_agb.cfm
https://www.onlineumfragen.com/3index_2010_agb.cfm
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 3650 days)
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Probabilistic identifiers
User-provided data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: Session
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Onnetwork Sp. z o.o.
https://onnetwork.tv/pp_service_en.php?lang=en
https://onnetwork.tv/pp_service_en.php?lang=en
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 50 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
OnProspects Ltd
https://www.onprospects.com/privacy-policy
https://www.onprospects.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Open Web Technologies Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://www.openweb.com/legal-and-privacy/privacy/
https://www.openweb.com/legal-and-privacy/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Opensignal Limited
https://connectivityassistant.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
750 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
OpenX
https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/
https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Opera Software Ireland Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://www.opera.com/privacy
https://legal.opera.com
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Opinary (Affinity Global GmbH)
https://opinary.com/privacy-policy/
https://opinary.com/opt-out
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Opt Out Advertising B.V.
https://optoutadvertising.com/privacy-policy/
https://optoutadvertising.com/legitimate-interest-statement/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 1 day
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Opti Digital SAS
Legitimate Interest
https://www.optidigital.com/en/privacy-policy/
https://www.optidigital.com/en/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Optima Network SL
https://optimanetwork.com/pages/privacy
https://optimanetwork.com/pages/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 120 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ORANGE CLICK MEDIA & COMMERCE LTD
https://orangeclickmedia.com/privacy-policy/
https://orangeclickmedia.com/legitimate-interest-claim/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 35 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
OS Data Solutions GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://osdatasolutions.de/datenschutz/
https://osdatasolutions.de/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Otto GmbH & Co. KGaA
Legitimate Interest
https://www.otto.de/shoppages/service/datenschutz
https://www.otto.de/shoppages/service/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
OursBlanc
https://oursblanc.io/legal-mentions/
https://oursblanc.io/legal-mentions/
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Outbrain UK Ltd
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Papirfly AS
Legitimate Interest
https://tacticrealtime.com/privacy/
https://tacticrealtime.com/privacy/dsar/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Pelmorex Corp.
https://www.eltiempo.es/legal/politica-privacidad.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
PerformMedia.com, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://performmedia.com/privacy-policy/
https://performmedia.com/privacy-policy/#legitimate-interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 219 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Permodo GmbH
https://permodo.com/de/privacy.html
https://permodo.com/de/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Permutive Limited
https://permutive.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 18 days 6 hours 20 minutes
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Petal Ads
Legitimate Interest
https://www.aspiegel.com/agreement/cch6/def/def/def/ads_EU_b0_latest/priweb/privacy-statement-en-us.htm
https://h5hosting.dbankcdn.com/cch5/PPS/ads/interests/legitimate_interests.htm
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Pexi B.V.
https://pexi.nl/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
PGAM Media LLC
https://pgammedia.com/privacy-policy/
https://pgammedia.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 11 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
14 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 14 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
PIA Advertising GmbH
https://pia-advertising.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Piano Software Inc.
https://www.piano.io/privacy-policy
https://www.piano.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1096 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Pinpoll GmbH
https://www.pinpoll.com/pdf/data-protection-declaration.pdf
https://www.pinpoll.com/pdf/data-protection-declaration.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Pixalate, Inc.
https://www.pixalate.com/privacypolicy
https://www.pixalate.com/privacypolicy
Purposes (Consent):
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
PixFuture Media Inc.
https://www.pixfuture.com/terms-and-conditions#privacy-policy
https://www.pixfuture.com/terms-and-conditions#dpa-terms
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 7 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
PIXIMEDIA
https://piximedia.com/privacy/?lang=en
https://piximedia.com/privacy/?lang=en
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Placense Ltd
https://placesense.ai/privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
Precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Platform161 B.V.
https://verve.com/dsp-cookies-privacy/
https://verve.com/dsp-cookies-privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 390 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 390 days)
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 10 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Playdigo Inc
https://playdigo.com/home/privacy-policy/
https://playdigo.com/home/privacy-policy/
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
PLAYGROUND XYZ EMEA LTD
https://playground.xyz/privacy
https://playground.xyz/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
45 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Playhill Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://playhill.com/privacy
https://playhill.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
PML Innovative Media
https://www.pmlatam.com/privacy-policy
https://www.pmlatam.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 120 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Polar Mobile Group Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://privacy.createwithnova.io/
https://privacy.createwithnova.io/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 1095 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Portuma Software A.S.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.portuma.com/Footer/PrivacyPolicy
https://www.portuma.com/Footer/PrivacyPolicy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
User-provided data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
POWERENGINE PTE.LIMITED
Legitimate Interest
https://www.zmaticoo.com/zmaticoo/privacies.html
https://www.zmaticoo.com/zmaticoo/privacies.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 7 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Prado Media Ltd.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.prado.co/privacy
https://www.prado.co/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
PRECISO SRL
https://preciso.net/privacy
https://preciso.net/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
540 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 360 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
PREQUEL INTERNET TRADING LTD.
https://www.prequel.tv/terms-and-conditions
https://www.prequel.tv/terms-and-conditions
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Pressboard Media Inc
https://www.pressboardmedia.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 1095 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Prisma Media
https://www.prismamedia.com/espace-confidentialite/
https://www.prismamedia.com/espace-confidentialite/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
700 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ProgrammaticX LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://www.programmaticx.ai/privacypolicy
https://www.programmaticx.ai/privacypolicy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Project Agora Ltd
https://projectagora.com/privacy-policy/
https://projectagora.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ProSiebenSat.1 Digital Data GmbH
https://www.7pass.de/psdd/datenschutzbestimmungen-cdb.html
https://www.7pass.de/psdd/datenschutzbestimmungen-cdb.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
760 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Protected Media LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://www.protected.media/privacy-policy/
https://www.protected.media/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Proxi.cloud sp. z o.o.
https://proxi.cloud/polityka-prywatnosci/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
PROXISTORE
Legitimate Interest
https://www.proxistore.com/en/privacy/
https://www.proxistore.com/en/privacy#legitimate-interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 16 hours 30 minutes
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Pubfinity LLC
https://pubfinity.com/privacy-policy/
https://pubfinity.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Public Good Software Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://publicgood.com/privacy-policy/
https://publicgood.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
1825 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Publica LLC
https://getpublica.com/privacy/
https://getpublica.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Publicis Media GmbH
https://www.publicismedia.de/datenschutz/
https://www.publicismedia.de/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Publicis One Spain S.L.
https://eris.id/politica-de-privacidad/
https://eris.id/politica-de-privacidad/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 57 days 20 hours 53 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Publisher First, Inc.
https://freestar.com/privacy-policy/
https://freestar.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 7 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
PubMatic, Inc
Legitimate Interest
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy/
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
40 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
PulsePoint, Inc.
https://pulsepoint.com/legal/platform-privacy-policy
https://pulsepoint.com/legal/platform-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
366 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years 5 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Pure Local Media GmbH
https://purelocalmedia.de/?page_id=593
https://purelocalmedia.de/?page_id=593
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Quality Media Network GmbH
https://www.qualitymedianetwork.de/datenschutz/
https://ads.qualitymedianetwork.de/privacy.php
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 300 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Quantcast
Legitimate Interest
https://www.quantcast.com/privacy
https://www.quantcast.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 5 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
QuantumCast digital GmbH
https://audalaxy.com/en/privacy-policy
https://audalaxy.com/en
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1080 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Quantyoo GmbH & Co. KG
https://quantyoo.de/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
QUARTER MEDIA GmbH
https://quartermedia.de/daten/
https://quartermedia.de/daten/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Query Click Limited
https://www.queryclick.com/privacy-policy
https://www.queryclick.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: Session
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Questpass Sp. z o.o.
Legitimate Interest
https://questpass.io/en/terms/privacy-policy/
https://questpass.io/en/terms/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
R2B2 a.s.
https://r2b2.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
RAAS LAB Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://www.raaslab.com/privacy-policy
https://www.raaslab.com/legititmate-interest-statement
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Radio Marketing Service interactive GmbH
https://rms.de/datenschutz
https://rms.de/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Radio Net Media Limited
https://www.adtonos.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.adtonos.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Rakuten Marketing LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/
https://go.rakutenadvertising.com/hubfs/Services-Privacy-Policy-English.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 540 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 540 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
2555 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Raptor Services a/s
https://www.raptorservices.com/privacy-policy
https://www.raptorservices.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
RATEGAIN ADARA INC
https://adara.com/privacy-promise/
https://adara.com/privacy-promise/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Rayn B.V.
https://rayn.io/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Readpeak Oy
Legitimate Interest
https://www.readpeak.com/terms/readpeak-privacy-policy
https://www.readpeak.com/terms/legitimate-interest-assessment-lia
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Realtime Communication Sthlm AB
Legitimate Interest
https://imirsive.com/privacy-policy/
https://imirsive.com/legitimate-interest-claim/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Realytics
Legitimate Interest
https://www.realytics.io/platform-privacy-policy/
https://www.realytics.io/platform-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Redbranch, Inc dba Fraudlogix
Legitimate Interest
https://www.fraudlogix.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.fraudlogix.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Refine Direct Srl
https://www.refine.direct/en/cookie-policy/
https://www.refine.direct/en/legitimate-interest-assessment/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Data Retention Period:
1 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Refinery89 B.V
Legitimate Interest
https://refinery89.com/privacy-policy/
https://refinery89.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Relay42 Netherlands B.V.
https://relay42.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1096 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Relevant Digital Oy
https://www.relevant-digital.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Reliz LTD
https://reliz.com/policy
https://reliz.com/policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 days 8 hours 53 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
REMAILME
https://remailme.fr/politique-confidentialite/
https://remailme.fr/politique-confidentialite/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Remerge GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.remerge.io/service-privacy-policy
https://www.remerge.io/service-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Reppublika Data Analytics and Technologies GmbH
https://www.reppublika.com/privacy-policy
https://www.reppublika.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Reppublika Research & Analytics Austria GmbH
https://www.reppublikaresearch.com/ratings-privacy-policy
https://www.reppublikaresearch.com/ratings-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Research and Analysis of Media in Sweden AB
Legitimate Interest
https://www2.rampanel.com/privacy-policy/
https://www2.rampanel.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 35 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Reset Digital Europe Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://resetdigital.co/policies.html
https://resetdigital.co/policies.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Resono B.V.
https://reso.no/privacy-policy/
https://reso.no/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ResponsiveAds, Inc.
https://responsiveads.com/privacy-policy/
https://responsiveads.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
retailAds GmbH & Co. KG
Legitimate Interest
https://www.retailads.net/de-de/ueberuns/datenschutz/
https://www.retailads.net/de-de/ueberuns/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
RetailSpot
https://www.retail-spot.io/politique-confidentialit%C3%A9
https://www.retail-spot.io/politique-confidentialit%C3%A9#comp-lx3chqg4
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Revcontent, LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.revcontent.com/privacy-policies/
https://www.revcontent.com/privacy-policies/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 1 day
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
RevJet
https://www.innervate.com/privacy
https://www.innervate.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Revolution Ad
Legitimate Interest
https://www.revolutionad.com/privacy-policy
https://www.revolutionad.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Categories of data:
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
RevX
https://revx.io/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Rich Audience Technologies SLU
https://richaudience.com/en/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Rico Developments Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://adimo.co/privacy-policy
https://adimo.co/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Ringier Axel Springer Polska sp. z o.o.
https://privacy-policy.ringieraxelspringer.pl
https://privacy-policy.ringieraxelspringer.pl
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Rockabox Media Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://www.scoota.com/privacy
https://www.scoota.com/privacy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
3 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Rockerbox, Inc
Legitimate Interest
https://www.rockerbox.com/privacy
https://www.rockerbox.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 hours 46 minutes 40 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Roivenue s.r.o.
https://roivenue.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Privacy-Policy-Roivenue.pdf
https://roivenue.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Privacy-Policy-Roivenue.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
360 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 360 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Roku Advertising Services
Legitimate Interest
https://docs.roku.com/published/userprivacypolicy/en/us
https://docs.roku.com/published/userprivacypolicy/en/gb#userprivacypolicyen_gb-userprivacypolicy-en_gb-legalbasis
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 390 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
540 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 16 hours 18 minutes 18 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Roq.ad GmbH
https://www.roq.ad/privacy-policy-roqad/
https://www.roq.ad/privacy-policy-roqad/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
RTB House S.A.
https://www.rtbhouse.com/privacy-center
https://www.rtbhouse.com/legitimate_interest_assessments_tcf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
565 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sabio London Limited
https://www.sabio.inc/privacypolicy
https://www.sabio.inc/privacypolicy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Samba TV UK Limited
https://samba.tv/users/privacy-policy?lang=en
https://samba.tv/users/privacy-policy?lang=en#sec-11
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 1125 days)
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 1125 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 1125 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 1125 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Samba TV, Inc.
https://samba.tv/users/privacy-policy?lang=en
https://samba.tv/users/privacy-policy?lang=en#sec-11
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 1125 days)
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 1125 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 1125 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 1125 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 395 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Samoukale Enterprises Limited dba ADEX
Legitimate Interest
https://adex.com/privacy
https://adex.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Samsung Ads
Legitimate Interest
https://samsungads.ca/en/privacy/
https://samsungads.ca/en/privacy/english-eu/#legal
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Samsung Ads
Legitimate Interest
https://policy.samsungrs.com/consent/eu/nsc/privacy_policy_en.html
https://policy.samsungrs.com/consent/eu/nsc/privacy_policy_en.html#gdpr-article
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sarigato Sp. z o.o.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.sarigato.com/polityka_prywatnosci_sarigato_sataku.pdf
https://www.sarigato.com/polityka_prywatnosci_sarigato_sataku.pdf
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Schober Information Group Deutschland GmbH
https://collection.schober.de/
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Schwarz Media GmbH
https://gruppe.schwarz/datenschutz
https://gruppe.schwarz/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
89 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Score Media Group GmbH & Co. KG
https://score-media.de/datenschutzerklaerung/
https://score-media.de/datenschutzerklaerung/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Seeding Alliance GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://seeding-alliance.de/datenschutz/
https://seeding-alliance.de/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 10 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Seedtag Advertising S.L
https://19567840.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/19567840/Website%20-%20Terms%20and%20Conditions/Seedtag_Contextual%20Advertising%20Privacy%20Policy_ENG.docx%20(2).pdf
https://19567840.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/19567840/Website%20-%20Terms%20and%20Conditions/Seedtag_Contextual%20Advertising%20Privacy%20Policy_ENG.docx%20(2).pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Seenthis AB
https://seenthis.co/privacypolicy/
https://seenthis.co/privacypolicy/
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
SelectMedia International LTD
https://www.selectmedia.asia/terms-and-privacy/
https://www.selectmedia.asia/terms-and-privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
3 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Semasio GmbH
https://www.semasio.com/legal/semasio-privacy-policy
https://www.semasio.com/legal/semasio-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 49 minutes 12 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Seven Technologies S.L.
https://www.se7en.es/privacy
https://www.se7en.es/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
7 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
SevenData S.p.a.
https://www.shinystat.com/it/informativa_privacy_generale.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sevio Digital Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://sevio.com/privacy-policy/
https://sevio.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 14 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 14 days)
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 14 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 14 days)
Use limited data to select content (Data Retention Period: 14 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 14 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 13 days 23 hours 59 minutes 41 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Seznam.cz, a.s.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.seznam.cz/ochranaudaju
https://o.seznam.cz/personalizace-obsahu-a-reklamy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 1460 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 1460 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 540 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 48 minutes 46 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
ShareThis, Inc
https://sharethis.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Sharethrough, Inc
https://www.sharethrough.com/privacy-center/consumer-privacy-notice
https://privacy-center.sharethrough.com/en/consumer-privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
SheMedia, LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.shemedia.com/ad-services-privacy-policy
https://www.shemedia.com/ad-services-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Showheroes SE
Legitimate Interest
https://showheroes.com/privacy-policy/
https://showheroes.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
393 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 28 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ShowHeroes SRL
Legitimate Interest
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/41798584
https://showheroes.atlassian.net/l/cp/2TD1qus0
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
393 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 28 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
SIA Setupad
https://setupad.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sift Media, Inc
https://www.sift.co/privacy
https://www.sift.co/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
1 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Silverbullet Data Services Group
Legitimate Interest
https://wearesilverbullet.com/privacy-policy/
https://wearesilverbullet.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Simplifi Holdings LLC
https://simpli.fi/site-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 4320 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Develop and improve services
Features:
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 23 hours 59 minutes 59 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
SINGLESPOT SAS
https://www.singlespot.com/en/privacy_policy
https://www.singlespot.com/en/privacy_policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
385 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sipo Inc
https://sipo-inc.com/privacy-policy/
https://sipo-inc.com/privacy-policy/
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Sirdata
Legitimate Interest
https://www.sirdata.com/en/Privacy
https://www.sirdata.com/en/Privacy#legitimateinterest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
185 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sitewit, Corp
https://www.kliken.com/privacy-policy.html
https://www.kliken.com/privacy-policy.html
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Skaze
https://www.skaze.com/fr/politique/politique-de-confidentialite/
https://www.skaze.com/fr/politique/politique-de-confidentialite/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 6 hours
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Skimbit Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://skimlinks.com/privacy-policies/
https://skimlinks.com/privacy-policies/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Skoiy
https://www.skoiy.com/en/privacy-policy/
https://www.skoiy.com/en/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Smaato, Inc.
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
14 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 21 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
SMADEX, S.L.U.
https://smadex.com/privacy-policy/
https://smadex.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Smart Analytics SL
https://www.smartmeanalytics.com/static/docs/Politica_privacidad_Smartmeanalytics.pdf
https://www.smartmeanalytics.com/static/docs/Politica_privacidad_Smartmeanalytics.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Precise location data
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 days 8 hours 53 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Smart Traffik
https://okube-attribution.com/en/privacy-policy/
https://okube-attribution.com/en/privacy-policy/privacy-policy-details-of-the-smartbox-data-source/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 16 hours 30 minutes
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
smartclip Europe GmbH
https://privacy-portal.smartclip.net/en/privacy-policy
https://privacy-portal.smartclip.net/tcf/purpose-2-li
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 30 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Smartclip Hispania S.L.
https://rgpd-smartclip.com/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: Session
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Smartico
Legitimate Interest
https://www.smartico.one/legal/privacy-services
https://www.smartico.one/legal/privacy-services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
7 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Smartology Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://www.smartology.net/privacy-policy/
https://www.smartology.net/legitimate-interest-assessments/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure content performance
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
SMARTSTREAM.TV GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.smartstream.tv/de/produktdatenschutz
https://www.smartstream.tv/de/produktdatenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
SmartyAds Inc.
https://smartyads.com/privacy-policy
https://smartyads.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Smile Wanted Group
https://www.smilewanted.com/privacy.php
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Snigel Web Services Limited
https://www.snigel.com/privacy-policy
https://www.snigel.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 3600 days)
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 3600 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 3600 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 3600 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
socoto gmbh & co. kg
https://www.socoto.com/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
SoD ScreenOnDemand GmbH
https://screenondemand.de/datenschutzerklaerung/
https://screenondemand.de/datenschutz-sod-produkte/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sojern, Inc.
https://www.sojern.com/privacy/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Solocal SA
https://www.solocal.com/protection-de-la-vie-privee
https://www.solocal.com/protection-de-la-vie-privee
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 91 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 91 days)
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 91 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 91 days)
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 4320 days)
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 4320 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 4320 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 4320 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 32 days 10 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Soluciones Netquest de Investigación SLU
https://www.nicequest.com/gb/privacy
https://www.nicequest.com/gb/cookies
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Data Retention Period:
1825 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Solution coupons
https://solution.coupons/privacy
https://solution.coupons/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
Probabilistic identifiers
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Somplo Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://somplo.com/privacy-policy/
https://somplo.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
SOMQUERY SOMTAG - (SevenOne Media)
Legitimate Interest
https://www.seven.one/datenschutzhinweise/somquery-somtag
https://www.seven.one/datenschutzhinweise/somquery-somtag#legIntClaim
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sonares GmbH
https://sonares.org/en/datenschutz/
https://sonares.org/en/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days 10 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sonic Odeeo ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://odeeo.io/privacy-policy/
https://odeeo.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
548 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sonobi, Inc
Legitimate Interest
https://sonobi.com/privacy-policy/
https://sonobi.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
548 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
SoundCast
https://soundcast.io/data-privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 9 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Sovrn, Inc.
https://www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sparteo
Legitimate Interest
https://corporate.sparteo.com/privacy-policy
https://corporate.sparteo.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
SPICY MOBILE Karczewski Zawadzki Spółka Jawna
https://spicymobile.pl/polityka-prywatnosci
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 28 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
SpinX Pte Ltd
https://spinx.biz/privacy-policy
https://spinx.biz/legitimate-interest-test
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Splicky GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://splicky.com/en/privacy-policy/
https://splicky.com/en/legitimate-interests/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 2190 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 2190 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Spoods GmbH
https://www.spoods.info/#cookie-policy
https://www.spoods.info/#cookie-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
SPORTORITY UK LTD
Legitimate Interest
https://www.90min.com/privacy
https://www.90min.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
2555 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sportradar AG
Legitimate Interest
https://www.sportradar.com/about-us/privacy/
https://www.sportradar.com/about-us/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 1095 days)
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
100 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
SPP Solutions Ltd.
Legitimate Interest
https://panel.geozo.com/account/privacy
https://panel.geozo.com/account/legitimate-interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 6 minutes 40 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
SpringServe, LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.magnite.com/legal/advertising-platform-privacy-policy/
https://www.magnite.com/legal/advertising-platform-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
28 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 364 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sqreem Technologies Private Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://sqreemtech.com/privacy/
https://sqreemtech.com/privacy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
SSMas
https://ssmas.com/privacy-policy
https://ssmas.com/privacy-policy#interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
364 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
StackAdapt Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.stackadapt.com/privacy-policy
https://www.stackadapt.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Stamp
Legitimate Interest
https://wearestamp.com/privacy
https://wearestamp.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
548 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 364 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Start.io Inc
Legitimate Interest
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-site/
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-site/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Stream Eye OOD
https://app.streameye.com/policy/net
https://app.streameye.com/policy/net
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
streaMonkey GmbH
https://www.streamonkey.de/de/datenschutz
https://www.streamonkey.de/de/datenschutz
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Ströer Media Solutions GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.stroeer.de/werben-mit-stroeer/onlinewerbung/programmatic-data/datenschutz-sdi/
https://www.stroeer.de/werben-mit-stroeer/onlinewerbung/programmatic-data/sdi-datenschutz-b2c
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Ströer SSP GmbH (SSP)
Legitimate Interest
https://www.stroeer.de/ssp-datenschutz
https://www.stroeer.de/ssp-datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Strossle International AB
Legitimate Interest
https://www.strossle.com/platform-privacy-notice
https://www.strossle.com/platform-privacy-notice
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
7 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sub2 Technologies Ltd
https://www.sub2tech.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.sub2tech.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sublime
https://ayads.co/privacy.php
https://ayads.co/privacy.php
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 10 hours 1 minutes
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sunday Market Media Inc
https://sunday.market/privacypolicy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 hour 30 minutes
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
SunMedia
https://www.sunmedia.tv/en/cookies-users/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 120 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Sunteng Hong Kong Holdings Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://bidex.cn/privacy-policy.html
https://bidex.cn/privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
7 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 7 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Synamedia
https://www.synamedia.com/iris-privacy-policy/
https://www.synamedia.com/iris-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Synkd UK Ltd.
https://synkd.life/privacypolicy.pdf
https://synkd.life/privacypolicy.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 hour
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
TabMo SAS
https://hawk-tech.io/privacy-policy/
https://hawk-tech.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 60 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Taboola Europe Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://www.taboola.com/privacy-policy
https://www.taboola.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 48 minutes 46 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Tangoo S.R.L.
https://www.tangoomedia.com/services_privacypolicy/
https://www.tangoomedia.com/services_privacypolicy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 539 days)
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
540 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 360 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
TAPTAP Digital SL
Legitimate Interest
https://www.taptapdigital.com/privacy-policy
https://www.taptapdigital.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 190 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 190 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 190 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 18 days 6 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Targetspot Belgium SPRL
https://www.targetspot.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.targetspot.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Probabilistic identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
TargetVideo GmbH
https://target-video.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
TAURUSX INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD.
https://taurusx.com/privacy-policy.html
https://taurusx.com/legitimate-interest-claim.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Teads France SAS
Legitimate Interest
https://privacy-policy.teads.com/
https://privacy-policy.teads.com/privacy-policy/european-privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
120 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Teal Digital Group Ltd
https://www.teal.works/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
TECDO HONG KONG LIMITED
https://brainx.tech/privacy
https://brainx.tech/#card_8
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Telecoming S.A.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.telecoming.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.telecoming.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Telekom Deutschland GmbH
https://Telekom.de/datenschutzhinweise
https://Telekom.de/datenschutzhinweise
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Teroa S.A.
https://www.e-planning.net/privacy-policy.html
https://www.e-planning.net/privacy-policy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 7 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
TF1 PUBLICITE
https://tf1pub.fr/politique-de-protection-des-donnees-partenaires-data
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 182 days 15 hours
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
The Cools Group Inc.
https://adsfromthefuture.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Use limited data to select content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
The Kantar Group Limited
https://www.kantar.com/cookies-policies
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years 183 days 2 hours 33 minutes
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
THE LINEA 1 MKT SL
https://www.tl1mkt.com/privacy.html
https://www.tl1mkt.com/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
The MediaGrid Inc.
https://www.iponweb.com/policies-legal/themediagrid-privacy-policy/
https://www.iponweb.com/policies-legal/themediagrid-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
THE NEWCO S.R.L.
https://www.thenewco.it/privacy_policy_servizi_prodotti.html
https://www.thenewco.it/privacy_policy_servizi_prodotti.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
The Ozone Project Limited
https://www.ozoneproject.com/website-privacy-cookie
https://www.ozoneproject.com/legitimate-interest-test
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
The Reach Group GmbH
https://trg.de/en/privacy-statement/
https://trg.de/en/privacy-statement/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
The UK Trade Desk Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://www.thetradedesk.com/us/privacy
https://www.thetradedesk.com/us/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 132 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
99 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
THEADX  YAZILIM HİZMETLERİ SAN.VE TİC.A.Ş
https://www.theadx.com/en/privacy
https://www.theadx.com/en/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 175 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Threedium Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://threedium.io/privacy
https://threedium.io/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
364 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
TimeOne Performance
https://privacy.timeonegroup.com/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 13 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Titan Ads
https://www.titanos.tv/ads-privacy-policy
https://www.titanos.tv/ads-privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
TMT Digital Inc
https://mediatrust.com/privacy-policy-2/
https://mediatrust.com/privacy-policy-2/
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Tonefuse LLC
https://cp.tonefuse.com/privacy-policy
https://cp.tonefuse.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 hour
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
TOPON PTE. LTD.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.toponad.com/en/privacy-policy
https://www.toponad.com/en/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Traffective GmbH
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/30563919
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/30563919/legal
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 6 minutes 5 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Transfon Ltd
https://www.amprev.com/privacy
https://www.amprev.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
360 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days 17 hours 13 minutes 20 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
travel audience GmbH
https://www.amadeus-hospitality.com/ta-product-privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
397 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 32 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Triapodi Ltd. d/b/a Digital Turbine
https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Triple Lift, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://triplelift.com/privacy/
https://triplelift.com/platform-privacy-policy#legalbasisofprocessing
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 52 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 52 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 52 days)
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
45 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Triple13 Ltd
https://freestar.com/privacy-policy/
https://freestar.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Develop and improve services (Data Retention Period: 730 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Tri-table Sp. z o.o.
https://tri-table.com/polityka-prywatnosci
https://tri-table.com/polityka-prywatnosci
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
366 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 1 day
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Triton Digital Canada Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.tritondigital.com/privacy-policies
https://www.tritondigital.com/privacy-policies
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 20 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
TrueData Solutions, Inc.
https://www.truedata.co/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
900 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years 182 days 12 hours
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Truvid Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.truvid.com/terms/privacy_policy
https://www.truvid.com/terms/privacy_policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure content performance
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 60 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
TStack Inc
Legitimate Interest
https://trustedstack.com/privacy-policy/
https://trustedstack.com/privacy-policy/#legitimate-interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 365 days)
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years 13 hours 20 minutes
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Turk Telekom
Legitimate Interest
https://www.giftaddigital.com/en/privacy-policy.aspx
https://www.giftaddigital.com/en/privacy-policy.aspx
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
TV SQUARED LIMITED d/b/a InnovidXP
https://www.innovid.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.innovid.com/privacy-policy/#additional-information-europe-residents
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
7 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
twiago GmbH
https://a.twiago.com/privacy.php
https://a.twiago.com/privacy.php
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 14 days)
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
60 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Twist Digital LTD.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.twist.win/privacy
https://www.twist.win/terms
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 6 minutes 5 seconds
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
TX Group AG
Legitimate Interest
https://tx.group/data-privacy-policy-information-about-tx-data-offers/
https://tx.group/privacy-policy/#process_personal_data
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 3 years
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
TypeA Holdings Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://risecodes.com/video-advertisement-player-privacy-policy/
https://risecodes.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/Legitimate-Interests-Assessment-Online-Advertising.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
UAB Xeworks
https://xe.works/privacy-policy
https://xe.works/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
umlaut communication Gmbh
https://tacs.c0nnectthed0ts.com/policy1/data_privacy.html
https://www.umlaut.com/privacy-policy#
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Underdog Media LLC
https://underdogmedia.com/privacy-policy/
https://underdogmedia.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
63 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Unicredit BankAustria AG
https://www.bankaustria.at/rechtliches-datenschutz.jsp
https://www.bankaustria.at/rechtliches-datenschutz.jsp#tab26059
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
UniCredit S.p.A.
https://www.unicredit.it/it/info/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
180 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
United Internet Media GmbH
https://www.united-internet-media.de/de/datenschutzhinweis/
https://www.united-internet-media.de/de/datenschutzhinweis/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
uppr GmbH
https://netzwerk.uppr.de/privacy-policy.do
https://uppr.emcustomers.de/api/tcf/definitions/disclosures.json
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
User-provided data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
usemax advertisement (Emego GmbH)
https://www.usemax.de/?l=privacy
https://www.usemax.de/?l=privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Users’ profiles
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
VALIUZ
https://www.valiuz.com/politique-de-confidentialite-2/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Velocity Made Good LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://vmg.nyc/privacy
https://vmg.nyc/privacy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure content performance
Categories of data:
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Venatus Media Limited
https://www.venatus.com/privacy/
https://www.venatus.com/privacy-choices
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Verasity Limited
https://verasity.io/privacy
https://veraviews.com/privacy_policy#how-we-use-your-personal-data
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 5 hours 49 minutes 12 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Verve Group Europe GmbH
https://pubnative.net/privacy-notice/
https://pubnative.net/privacy-notice/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
VGI CTV, Inc
https://verve.com/product-privacy-policies/
https://verve.com/website-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
VIADS ADVERTISING S.L.
Legitimate Interest
https://viads.com/policy/
https://viads.com/policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Viafoura Inc.
https://viafoura.com/privacy-policy/
https://viafoura.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Data Retention Period:
1825 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Vidazoo Ltd
https://vidazoo.gitbook.io/vidazoo-legal/privacy-policy
https://vidazoo.gitbook.io/vidazoo-legal/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days 2 hours 13 minutes 20 seconds
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Videobot Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://www.videobot.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.videobot.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Data Retention Period:
1800 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Vidoomy Media SL
https://vidoomy.com/privacy-policy-en.html
https://vidoomy.com/privacy-policy-en.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
ViewPay
http://viewpay.tv/mentions-legales/
http://viewpay.tv/mentions-legales/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Viomba Oy
Legitimate Interest
https://pathfinder.viomba.com/privacy-policy
https://pathfinder.viomba.com/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Visarity Technologies GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://primo.design/docs/PrivacyPolicyPrimo.html
https://primo.design/docs/PrivacyPolicyPrimo.html
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Vistar Media EMEA BV
https://www.vistarmedia.com/privacy
https://www.vistarmedia.com/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
Non-precise location data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
vitrado GmbH
https://www.vitrado.de/datenschutz
https://www.vitrado.de/datenschutz
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance (Data Retention Period: 4320 days)
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
VIZNET
https://viznet.tv/privacy-policy-2/
https://viznet.tv/privacy-policy-2/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
VLYBY Digital GmbH
https://www.vlyby.com/product-privacy
https://www.vlyby.com/product-privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Voise Tech Limited
https://voisetech.com/privacy/
https://voisetech.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Precise location data
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 12 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Volentio JSD Limited
Legitimate Interest
https://www.jsdelivr.com/terms/privacy-policy
https://www.jsdelivr.com/terms/privacy-policy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Data Retention Period:
7 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Voxnest Inc
Legitimate Interest
https://www.voxnest.com/privacy/
https://www.voxnest.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
VRTCAL Markets Inc
Legitimate Interest
https://vrtcal.com/docs/PrivacyPolicy-Advertising.pdf
https://vrtcal.com/docs/PrivacyPolicy-Advertising.pdf
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Vudoo Pty Ltd
Legitimate Interest
https://vudoo.com/privacy-policy/
https://vudoo.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Browsing and interaction data
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
VUUKLE DMCC
https://news.vuukle.com/blog/privacy-notice
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HMrCpWucCJOoWtqRi9AD1W_ylyxPuWInECUzuCg4-UI/edit#gid=0
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Vyde Ltd.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.wearevyde.com/privacy
https://www.wearevyde.com/privacy#legitimate-interest
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
WebAds B.V
https://privacy.webads.eu/
https://privacy.webads.eu/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Data Retention Period:
28 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Webgains GmbH
https://www.webgains.com/public/en/privacy-2/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
WebMedia
https://mobupps.com/pdf/Mobupps_Privacy_policy.pdf
https://mobupps.com/pdf/Mobupps_Privacy_policy.pdf
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Weborama
Legitimate Interest
https://weborama.com/en/privacy-2/
https://weborama.com/en/privacy-2/#legitimate-interest
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
395 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 28 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Welect GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.de.welect.de/en/privacy-policy/
https://www.de.welect.de/en/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 14 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
WEMASS MEDIA AUDIENCE SAFE SOLUTIONS, S.L.
https://wemass.com/en/privacy/
https://wemass.com/en/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 3 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
wetter.com GmbH
https://www.wetter.com/internal/news/datenschutzhinweise_aid_607698849b8ecf79e21584fa.html
https://www.wetter.com/internal/news/datenschutzhinweise_aid_607698849b8ecf79e21584fa.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Wizaly
https://www.wizaly.com/terms-of-use#privacy-policy
https://www.wizaly.com/terms-of-use#privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Wunderkind Corporation
Legitimate Interest
https://www.wunderkind.co/privacy/
https://www.wunderkind.co/privacy/data-request-instructions/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
3650 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
WURL, LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.wurl.com/wurl-advertising-services-privacy-notice/#15
https://www.wurl.com/wurl-advertising-services-privacy-notice/#15
Purposes (Consent):
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1825 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
XAD spoteffects GmbH
https://xadspoteffects.com/en/privacy-policy/
https://xadspoteffects.com/en/privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
396 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 2 years
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Xandr, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en-us/solutions/xandr/platform-privacy-policy
https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en-us/solutions/xandr/platform-privacy-policy#p_lt_ctl01_pageplaceholder_p_lt_ctl00_pageplaceholder_p_lt_WebPartZone3_zonePageBody_BingAds_PageContentViewer_PageContentViewerAll_ctl18_ctl00_ColumnsContainer
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 180 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Xapads Media Ltd
https://www.xapads.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.xapads.com/gdpr-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
XChange by SFBX®
https://sfbx.io/en/politique-de-confidentialite/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising (Data Retention Period: 90 days)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
xpln.ai SAS
https://xpln.ai/privacy
https://xpln.ai/privacy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Yahoo EMEA Limited
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html#6-c
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
400 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 32 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
YIELDBIRD SP. Z O.O.
Legitimate Interest
https://yieldbird.com/privacy-policy
https://yieldbird.com/transparency-policy
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1095 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
yieldbucket GmbH
https://yieldbucket.com/privacy.html
https://yieldbucket.com/privacy.html
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Yieldlab (Virtual Minds GmbH)
https://yieldlab.com/privacy-platform/
https://yieldlab.com/privacy-platform/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
90 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 90 days
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Yieldlove GmbH
Legitimate Interest
https://www.yieldlove.com/de-de/datenschutz/
https://www.yieldlove.com/de-de/datenschutz/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 7 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 30 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Yieldmo, Inc.
Legitimate Interest
https://www.yieldmo.com/privacy/
https://www.yieldmo.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
YOC AG
Legitimate Interest
https://yoc.com/privacy/
https://yoc.com/privacy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Develop and improve services
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Use precise geolocation data
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
YouGov
https://account.yougov.com/gb-en/account/privacy-policy
https://account.yougov.com/gb-en/account/privacy-policy
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
User-provided data
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
4320 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 6 hours
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Zeit Agency ApS
Legitimate Interest
https://zeitagency.com/privacy.html
https://zeitagency.com/privacy.html
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Browsing and interaction data
Data Retention Period:
30 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Zemanta Inc.
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy/privacy-policy-outbrain-dsp/
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy/privacy-policy-outbrain-dsp/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance (Data Retention Period: 363 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Special Features:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Cookie expiry may be refreshed during the lifetime.
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
zeotap GmbH
https://zeotap.com/product-privacy-policy/
https://zeotap.com/product-privacy-policy/
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Save and communicate privacy choices
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
365 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Zeta Global Corp.
https://zetaglobal.com/privacy-policy/?_gl=1*1suh83d*_ga*MTM4MDYyOTA5Mi4xNjg5MTgwODAy*_ga_H1DTS3V7ZB*MTY5MDgzMzcxNi4xLjAuMTY5MDgzMzcxOC41OC4wLjA.
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Features:
Match and combine data from other data sources
Link different devices
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Probabilistic identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
390 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 1 year 25 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Ziff Davis LLC
Legitimate Interest
https://www.ziffdavis.com/privacy-policy
https://www.ziffdavis.com/privacy-policy#lawful
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Create profiles for personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 360 days)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising (Data Retention Period: 360 days)
Create profiles to personalise content (Data Retention Period: 360 days)
Use profiles to select personalised content (Data Retention Period: 360 days)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Purposes (Legitimate Interest):
Use limited data to select advertising
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Develop and improve services
Special Purposes:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content (Data Retention Period: 360 days)
Save and communicate privacy choices (Data Retention Period: 360 days)
Features:
Link different devices
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Device characteristics
Device identifiers
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Users’ profiles
Privacy choices
Data Retention Period:
1080 days
Your Consent:
Consent expiry: 180 days
Tracking method: Cookies only
Show details
Zuuvi ApS
https://www.zuuvi.com/privacy-policy
https://www.zuuvi.com/privacy-policy/legitimate-reasons
Purposes (Consent):
Store and/or access information on a device
Measure advertising performance
Special Purposes:
Deliver and present advertising and content
Categories of data:
IP addresses
Non-precise location data
Data Retention Period:
730 days
Your Consent:
Tracking method: Cookies and others
Show details
Some of our partners work with us through Google. Expand each one below to see their privacy policies and how they process your data.
Aarki
http://corp.aarki.com/privacy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
ADEX
http://theadex.com
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Admedo
https://www.admedo.com/privacy-policy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
advolution.control
https://advolution.de/privacy.php
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Akamai
http://www.akamai.com/compliance/privacy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
AppLovin Corp.
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Batch Media
https://theadex.com/privacy-opt-out/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
BDSK Handels GmbH & Co. KG
https://www.xxxlutz.de/c/privacy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Booking.com
https://www.booking.com/content/privacy.en-gb.html
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
C3 Metrics
https://www.c3metrics.com/privacy-policy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Cablato
https://cablato.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Cloudflare
https://www.cloudflare.com/security-policy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
CUBED
http://cubed.ai/privacy-policy/gdpr/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
DENTSU
http://www.dentsu.co.jp/terms/data_policy.html
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Dstillery
https://dstillery.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
ebuilders
https://www.mediamonks.com/privacy-notice
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Evidon
https://www.crownpeak.com/privacy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Expedia, Inc.
https://www.expedia.co.uk/p/support/privacy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
gskinner
https://createjs.com/legal/privacy.html
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
IBM
https://www.ibm.com/customer-engagement/digital-marketing/gdpr
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
intelliAd
https://www.intelliad.de/datenschutz
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Kobler
https://kobler.no/privacy-policy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Liftoff
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Manage.com
https://www.manage.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Marketing Science Consulting Group, Inc.
http://mktsci.com/privacy_policy.htm
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Meta
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Mobitrans
http://www.mobitrans.net/privacy-policy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
MSI-ACI
https://site.msi-aci.com/Home/Privacy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Navegg
https://www.navegg.com/en/privacy-policy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Netflix
http://www.netflix.com/google-3PAS-info
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Netquest
https://www.nicequest.com/us/privacy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Rackspace
http://www.rackspace.com/gdpr
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Resonate
https://www.resonate.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
SFR
http://www.sfr.fr/securite-confidentialite.html
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Tradedoubler AB
http://www.tradedoubler.com/en/privacy-policy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Travel Data Collective
https://www.yieldr.com/privacy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
TruEffect
https://trueffect.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
TrustArc
https://www.trustarc.com/privacy-policy/
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Vimeo
https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Vodafone GmbH
https://www.vodafone.de/unternehmen/datenschutz-privatsphaere.html
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Waystack
https://www.wayfair.com/customerservice/general_info.php#privacy
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
ZMS
https://zms.zalando.com/#
Purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
We, and our partners (such as Facebook and Google), use optional tools including tracking tags and cookies to tailor your online experiences and improve our services.
For descriptions of each tool visit our
Cookies & online marketing
page. Click ‘Accept all’ to enable them or change your settings and choose 'Accept selection'. A link to change your settings is on every page.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Decline Cookies
Accept selection
Customize
Accept All
Experian Global Sites
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Denmark
Germany
Hong Kong
India
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Panama
Peru
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Türkiye
United Kingdom
United States
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN)
Version: 1.2
Adopted: 02 December 2024
Legal
CRAIN
Index
Download this page as a PDF
In Brief
We (Equifax, Experian and TransUnion, collectively referred to as “we” and “us” throughout this Privacy Notice) are credit reference agencies and we play an important role in the UK’s financial ecosystem. This Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (referred to as “this Privacy Notice”) explains how we collect, process and share personal data about consumers and businesses (referred to as “you”).
This section briefly summarises the key processing activities common to all of us. For more detail, please refer to the rest of this document. We recommend reviewing each credit reference agency’s own privacy notices, which explain the specific processing activities of that credit reference agency. Links to these documents can be found in
Section 14
.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, where we use “data” we mean the data types as described in
Section 4
.
What do Credit Reference Agencies do?
We collect information about you from various sources and build databases that hold this data.
We need to hold relevant permissions from the Financial Conduct Authority to collect and share this financial information about you.
Where do Credit Reference Agencies get information from?
The primary source of information we collect is from public records, such as court judgments (CCJs) and electoral register information, financial information from financial account providers, and information generated by us based on the information received and/or our own analytical research.
In addition, we may also collect information from payment accounts via the use of open banking, gambling organisations, employers, utilities suppliers, telecoms businesses as well as (business data only) from publicly available business websites.
Who uses the information, and what do they use it for?
Financial account providers and other organisations carry out searches against information with one or more of us.
Organisations can carry out searches for several reasons. These include assessing creditworthiness and ability to afford financial products, checking the accuracy of other information, preventing and detecting crime (such as fraud or money laundering), checking identity, locating individuals (for example to recover debts that they owe), calculating how much their insurance premiums should be, employment verification, including assessing their suitability for a job or a tenancy, and helping to protect individuals from the impacts of problem gambling.
When an organisation carries out a search of someone’s data, we will record details of that search. This is known as a search footprint. Depending on the type of search they can be visible to the individual and/or to other organisations that may conduct searches on that individual. Some organisations may draw adverse inference from the presence of some search footprints, for example if a person has multiple debt collection searches recorded.
We link people who appear to be financially associated, for example, through a joint account, joint application for credit or a joint County Court Judgment. This information on financial associates may be checked by companies when undertaking credit searches for the purposes of assessing credit risk. This is because your link with financial associates may affect your ability to repay debt. Examples of this include, acting as guarantor for a personal loan that another individual is taking out, or in the capacity as a director or business owner, where the relevant business is applying for a commercial loan. See the table in
Section 4
for further information on how the financial associate’s data affects your credit report and score.
We also use some data for marketing-related purposes. Each of us provide different marketing services, to help organisations to better direct their marketing to consumers and (where relevant) business owners and directors, for example excluding individuals from advertising for credit products they would not be eligible for. We may also use the data to predict information or characteristics about the population, to inform product and marketing strategy, to help organisations identify who they want to market their products and services to, and how they should be delivered.
The data relating to you held by each of us might be different. This is because not every financial account provider supplies data to every one of us.
What else do Credit Reference Agencies do with my information?
We also use the data in our databases for other activities, including analytics and profiling. This can help financial account providers build scorecards to use in assessing credit applications.
We carry out several types of data processing to help achieve the aims described above. These include loading data, matching and linking data together, generating credit scores, as well as testing, developing and building products and services for our clients.
Individuals have certain rights that they can exercise in relation to the personal data held by us. For example, they have the right to obtain a copy of the data, to ask us to correct it if it is inaccurate, and to object to the processing of the data. The ICO's website
[1]
provides more details on the available rights and details of how these rights can be exercised are set out in
Sections 9
,
10
,
11
and
12
below. Personal data about individuals in their role as owners, directors, and employees of UK businesses may also be obtained, processed and shared by commercial data sharing credit reference agencies not referenced in this Privacy Notice. For further information please refer to the Business Information Providers Association’s website
[2]
.
Please note:
If you are looking for information about the role that data plays in lending decisions made by financial account providers, you may wish to consult
Understanding your credit information and how lenders use it
. This is published on the website of each of us, Equifax
[3]
, Experian
[4]
and TransUnion
[5]
.
This document describes our common processing activities detailing how we use and distribute the data described in
Section 4
.
We are independent businesses. Not all of the products and services described in this document are provided by all three of us, or in the same way, and not all of the data is used by each of us.
This document does not cover all personal data that we use and distribute; for example, this document does not cover processing of personal data in relation to our services you sign up to directly, such as services which allow you to view your own credit report and score.
Each of us offers other products and services (including marketing services) not covered by this Privacy Notice.
Section 14
provides links to our own privacy notice(s) which outline other uses of data not fully described here that may be unique to one of us or includes additional detail about our core activities processing. The same links about our core processing activities are shown here below:
Experian | Data Privacy
[6]
Experian | Marketing Transparency Notice | Business Information Experian UK
[7]
Equifax | Privacy Hub | UK
[8]
TransUnion | Privacy Centre
[9]
Contents
This document answers these questions:
1.
WHO ARE THE CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES AND HOW CAN THEY BE CONTACTED?
2.
WHAT DO CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES USE DATA FOR?
3.
WHAT ARE THE CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES’ LEGAL GROUNDS FOR HANDLING DATA?
4.
WHAT KINDS OF DATA DO CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES USE, AND WHERE DO THEY GET IT FROM?
5.
WHO DO CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES SHARE DATA WITH?
6.
WHERE IS DATA STORED AND SENT?
7.
FOR HOW LONG IS DATA RETAINED?
8.
DO THE CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES MAKE DECISIONS ABOUT CONSUMERS OR PROFILE THEM?
9.
HOW CAN A CONSUMER SEE WHAT DATA THE CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES HOLD ABOUT THEM? DO CONSUMERS HAVE A ‘DATA PORTABILITY’ RIGHT IN CONNECTION WITH THEIR DATA?
10.
WHAT CAN A CONSUMER DO IF THEIR DATA IS WRONG?
11.
CAN A CONSUMER OBJECT TO THE USE OF THEIR DATA AND HAVE IT DELETED?
12.
CAN A CONSUMER RESTRICT WHAT THE CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES DO WITH THEIR DATA?
13.
WHO CAN A CONSUMER COMPLAIN TO IF THEY ARE UNHAPPY ABOUT THE USE OF THEIR DATA?
14.
WHERE CAN YOU FIND OUT MORE?
1. WHO ARE THE CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES AND HOW CAN THEY BE CONTACTED?
There are three main credit reference agencies in the UK.
Each is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and authorised to conduct business as a credit reference agency. The full names and contact details for each are set out below.
Credit reference agency
Contact details
Equifax Limited
Post:
Equifax Limited, Customer Service Centre PO Box 10036, Leicester, LE3 4FS
Web address:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/Contact-us/Contact_Us_Personal_Solutions.html
Email:
UKDPO@equifax.com
Phone:
0333 321 4043
or
0800 014 2955
Experian Limited
Post:
Experian, PO BOX 9000, Nottingham, NG80 7WF
Web address
:
https://ins.experian.co.uk/contact
TransUnion International UK Limited
Post:
TransUnion, Consumer Services Team, PO Box 647, Unit 4, Hull, HU9 9QZ
Web address:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/consumer/consumer-enquiries
Phone:
0330 024 7574
In this Privacy Notice, these three companies are referred to as Equifax, Experian and TransUnion respectively and collectively referred to as “we” and “us” throughout.
Controllers
Each of us is a controller of the data that we hold. This means that we have certain responsibilities under data protection law to make sure that the data is used fairly and lawfully.
Where we operate as part of a group of companies, we may share joint responsibility with the other members of that group when sharing data with them. You can contact the relevant credit reference agency using the details above if you want to enquire about any of those group companies or exercise any of your rights in respect of your personal data.
2. WHAT DO CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES USE DATA FOR?
We use data in products and services that we offer to our clients. The purposes for which those products and services are used are described below, but please note that different clients may use the products and services in different ways. Consumers should check the privacy policies of the organisations that they deal with for details about how they use any products and services provided by us.
(a) Credit risk assessment, financial vulnerability, and affordability checks
Each of us use data to provide credit reporting services, financial vulnerability and affordability checks to our clients.
CREDIT RISK ASSESSMENT
Organisations use credit reporting services to see how people and businesses are managing payments in respect of their credit commitments and how they have done so in the past. For example, if a person applies for a bank loan to buy a car, the bank may use credit reporting services to check whether that person has kept up with their repayments on any previous credit agreements. It will then use this information, together with information from other sources, to assess the risk of offering the loan, including identifying any financial vulnerabilities.
A financial account provider may also take into account the creditworthiness of a director or business owner as part of its assessment, when considering whether to agree to lend to a business associated with such individuals.
It is important to note that once a search has been undertaken with one of us, it is for the credit provider to decide whether or not to accept that person’s application for credit. While we may help clients to analyse the data or create application models, we are not the decision maker.
AFFORDABILITY AND FINANCIAL VULNERABILITY CHECKS
Organisations use affordability checks made available by us to help understand whether people or businesses are likely to be able to afford to make payments, and to highlight financial vulnerabilities. For example, when you apply for a loan, the lender will check whether you have previously suffered a CCJ or missed credit payments, which might impact your ability to afford the repayment instalments.
Organisations might also check your affordability by reviewing the transaction data or the level of income and expenditure in relation to your payment account. This could include the use of open banking or current account turnover data provided by Current Account providers (“Current Account” refers to bank accounts designed to manage your income and day-to-day spending).
The information provided as part of the affordability checks may affect a person’s or business’s ability to obtain credit or other services. For example, where an individual has their own business, a lender may take into consideration the personal credit commitments of that individual, as well as how the business is maintaining its financial commitments, prior to granting credit.
Affordability checks are also used by organisations in the gambling sector to help identify and protect potentially vulnerable people from the impacts of problem gambling by helping organisations set appropriate spending limits and implement appropriate engagement strategies. These checks are used to support gambling organisations comply with their regulatory obligations.
These activities help promote responsible lending, prevent people and businesses from getting into more debt than they can afford, and reduce the amount of unrecoverable debt and insolvencies.
(b) Checks to validate and verify client data, and help prevent and detect fraud, money laundering and other criminal activity
VALIDATION AND VERIFICATION
We use data to provide validation and verification services to clients. For example:
Where some products and services are only available to people of a certain age, organisations may check whether the person they are dealing with is eligible by looking at data held by us. For example, if a person is signing up to join a gambling website for people who are at least 18 years old, the organisation may check to see if the age or date of birth provided by the person matches the data held by us.
HELP PREVENT AND DETECT FRAUD, MONEY LAUNDERING AND OTHER CRIMINAL ACTIVITY
We also use data to help prevent and detect fraud, money laundering and other criminal activity, and apprehend and prosecute offenders.
When a person applies to an organisation for a product or service, the organisation might ask that person to answer questions about themselves, and then check the answers against the data held by us to see if they match. For example, they may ask “What is your current address?” If the address provided does not exist on our records (for example, because it is a fictitious address) or does not match the data held by us (for example, there is no record of the person at the address provided), this may be an indicator of a mistake or fraud.
When a person wants to make a payment to another person, the organisation making that payment might want to understand more about them. By using data about the person making the payment and the intended recipient, the organisation can determine if there are indicators of fraud present. If there are, the organisation may query the payment or take steps to stop it.
Government and quasi-government bodies may use our services to check for potential fraud or other criminal activities, whether people are entitled to certain benefits, and to help recover unpaid taxes, overpaid benefits and similar debts. For example, if a person is claiming single person discount for council tax, a local authority may check with us to see if any other adults are living at the same address. Conversely, public bodies may use our services to identify individuals who may be entitled to discounts but are not claiming them. For further details on government use of our data, refer to
Section 2(m)
.
Law enforcement agencies (including police forces, security services and border control) may also access/ use data held by us to assist with the investigation, prevention or detection of crime and criminal activity.
An indication of invalid or unverified information, fraud, money laundering or other criminal activity may affect (amongst other things) the outcome of an application for a product or service, a tenancy agreement or employment. If clients using the services identify potentially fraudulent activity, they may also pass the applicant’s details to a fraud prevention agency such as Cifas and/or to the police.
For more details about the fraud prevention services offered and the personal data used by each of us please refer to
Section 14
.
(c) Customer management
We use data to provide products and services for organisations to use for customer management purposes. Customer management is the ongoing maintenance of an organisation’s relationship with its customers. This could include activities designed to support:
data accuracy: for example, to correct or update client customer data held on the organisation’s records, such as correcting spelling mistakes or adding missing fields; or providing services to link records together in order to show a single customer view; and
ongoing relationship and account management activities: for example, to help organisations make decisions relating to credit limit adjustments, transaction authorisations, card reissue, lending requests, and to identify and manage the accounts of customers including those at risk of financial difficulties, showing signs of financial stress, in arrears, or going through a debt collection process. This may include ongoing monitoring of individuals’ data, and sending alerts to clients in specified circumstances.
(d) Tracing and debt recovery
We use data to provide products and services that allow organisations to trace people. This is typically needed where a person has moved address or changed their telephone number and has not provided their new contact details. We help organisations locate customers they have lost contact with by providing them with updated addresses and other contact details.
The products and services are used to support organisations’ debt recovery and debtor tracing activity. For example, if a person owes money to an organisation and moves to a new house without telling the organisation where they have moved to, the organisation may use these services to help find that person to recover the money that is owed to them.
We also assist debt collectors in predicting, analysing and evaluating the costs of debt recovery to enable them to determine appropriate collections strategies.
These products and services are also used to find people to let them know about assets that they may have forgotten about or not be aware of, such as old dormant savings accounts or pension funds, or to find people to let them know about assets of a deceased person which they have an interest in, such as administrators or beneficiaries of a deceased person’s estate.
Please also see
Section 2(h)
below which describes how we may provide tracing services for marketing purposes.
(e) Tenant vetting
We use data to provide products and services that allow landlords to verify some of the information provided by their prospective tenants, as well as confirming that they are who they say they are and that they are likely to be willing and able to pay their rent on time. Landlords can use this information to help decide whether to agree to the tenancy, or how much of a deposit they should ask for.
(f) Staff and job candidate vetting
We use data to provide products and services that allow organisations to verify some of the information provided by their staff and job candidates and confirm that they are who they say they are. They also enable employers to assess whether the staff member or candidate has a history of managing their own financial commitments well, or whether they are financially compromised. This can be used to help them decide whether the person would be or will continue to be a suitable member of staff.
(g) Insurance risk assessments and pricing
We use data to provide products and services for organisations to use to assess insurance risk. For example, an insurer may find that a person’s financial standing and history can be used to help predict how likely that person is to make a claim on an insurance policy, or how large that claim might be. This can help the insurer to decide (i) whether to provide insurance to a person, (ii) how much the insurance premium should be, and (iii) whether to allow payment for insurance on a credit instalment basis.
(h) Marketing and marketing-related services
OVERVIEW
We offer our clients marketing services. Some of these marketing services use data and some do not, and some impact consumers while others affect directors and/or business owners. For details about the marketing services offered and the personal data used by us for these services, please see the following links:
Experian | Consumer Information Portal
[10]
Experian | Marketing Transparency Notice | Business Information UK
[11]
Equifax | Privacy Hub | UK
[12]
TransUnion | Marketing Services Privacy Notice | UK
[13]
As well as other rights, consumers have the right to object to the processing of their personal data for direct marketing purposes, including any profiling that is related to direct marketing.
Section 11
sets out more details on how this right can be exercised.
If we provide marketing services, we may use an individual’s title, name (including aliases), address, date of birth, gender and address links information (see
Section 4
for more detail), as well as limited information relating to their financial standing.
SCREENING OUT
We use data to provide screening services to our clients. This means that we identify people who clients may wish to screen out of marketing lists. Screening is used to help ensure that individuals do not receive irrelevant or inappropriate marketing information. These individuals will most often be consumers, but we also provide screening services which impact on company directors and/or business owners for our clients who carry out business-to-business marketing activities.
For example, a client may want to screen out from its marketing list someone who is deceased, or who is under 18, or does not reside at the address they hold, or who may not be interested in a product or service or is unlikely to be accepted for it.
OTHER MARKETING-RELATED ACTIVITIES
In addition, we may use data to offer some or all of the following marketing services:
We may supply the open version of the electoral register (where people have not opted out from their electoral register data being used for marketing and other purposes) to organisations for marketing purposes. This can include identifying new potential customers, verifying that names, addresses and dates of birth collected from other sources are accurate and complete, and informing customers of any errors.
We may identify when someone has moved away from an address so that marketing is not sent to them at that old address.
We may trace individuals to a new address so that their marketing preferences (opt-outs) collected at a previous address can continue to apply at their new address and so that marketing is not sent to them at their old address.
We may help build insight using profiling techniques used by organisations to help them identify people that they want to communicate with about particular products and services. This insight might predict, for example, age, marital status, household composition, length of residency at an address and gender. It can help give organisations insight into the likely characteristics of the UK population at an individual, household and postcode level. Data also helps us to validate the insight being created. This insight might also be used to help clients assess the financial standing of a person so that they can personalise their interactions with them and make communications more relevant and suitable. For example, they could use the insight to select products or offers that they believe would be relevant to that person.
Models and insight created by us can be matched to clients’ own contact lists so that they can make better informed decisions about how they interact with individuals (both consumers and company directors and/or business owners).
We may confirm whether individuals are resident at the address that we or our clients hold for them. This can be done by checking the data to see if there are any open credit accounts at an address and whether the accounts have recent activity, such as where a recent payment has been made. If they do, then it is likely that they have the correct address details. This will help ensure that an individual does not receive marketing for someone else and our clients do not send marketing to the wrong address.
We may also use data to help keep our own marketing suppression lists (or those of our group companies) accurate and up to date. For example, if you have previously asked to be excluded from marketing activity and your data indicates that you have since moved or changed your name, that information can be used to make sure that you continue to be excluded from marketing activity at your new address or under your new name.
(i) Profiling, statistical analysis and anonymisation
We use, and allow our clients to use, data to carry out profiling of consumers through statistical analysis. This includes the creation, validation and use of scorecards, models, and attributes in connection with the assessment of risks relating to credit, fraud, affordability, financial vulnerability and debt collection. It is also used in verifying identities, to monitor and predict market trends and to enable clients to refine lending and fraud strategies, and loss forecasting. This can include drawing inferences about individuals on the basis of the data available, such as inferences about whether a credit application they have made has been accepted or declined.
These practices profile consumers (typically a client’s own customers or previous applicants) to help determine the likelihood that a consumer with certain characteristics will act in a way that will produce certain outcomes; for example, to repay credit, to be able to afford credit, to claim on an insurance policy, to commit fraud, to respond to certain collection strategies or to become insolvent.
We may also convert personal data into statistical or aggregated form so that individuals are not identified or identifiable (thereby creating anonymised data). Anonymised data is not personal data, and we may use such data to conduct research and analysis, including to produce statistical research and reports or for any other purposes.
We may share this anonymised data with organisations, such as those identified in
Section 5
. For example, this non personal data may be shared with government and public sector organisations to help them: assess the impact of changes to the financial economy on consumers and businesses; to inform policy setting and monitor the effectiveness of policy implementation; or to enable tailored economic support and other key resources to be directed to the groups that need it the most.
(j) Data management activities
We use data to carry out certain processing activities to support our own business operations. This includes supporting the effectiveness, efficiency and security of our databases, products and services, both in the context of our credit reference activities and more widely. For example:
Data loading: data is checked for integrity, validity, consistency, quality and age to help make sure it is accurate. These checks pick up issues such as irregular dates of birth, names, addresses, account start and default dates, and gaps in status history.
Data matching: data is matched to our existing databases to help make sure it is assigned to the right person, even when there are discrepancies like spelling mistakes or previous names or different versions of a person’s name. We use data to create and confirm identities, which we use to underpin the services that we provide.
Data linking: when we compile data into our databases, we create links between different pieces of information. For example, people who appear financially associated with each other may be linked together and a person can be linked with their previous and current addresses. Also, where someone has an alias, such as a maiden name and married name, these names will be linked.
System maintenance and testing: data may be used when carrying out system maintenance, repair and testing, and security activity.
Each of us have our own processes and standards for data management activity.
(k) New development and testing
We use data to help develop new products, services and technologies and to test them. This may include the controlled use of artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques. We may combine data with information from other parts of our businesses and use data to develop products, services and technologies in other parts of our businesses. Where appropriate, we will anonymise data before it is used for these purposes.
(l) Compliance with laws
We use and disclose data where required by law. For example, this can happen in response to a court order or a request from a regulator, or in order to comply with a request from a person (or by a third party acting on their behalf), to exercise their legal rights in respect of any personal data, such as by requesting a copy of it.
(m) Government and public sector organisations
We may provide data to government and public sector organisations. For example, their uses of this data could include:
the assessment or collection of any taxes, duties, or other such impositions; recovering unpaid income tax, council tax or national insurance contributions;
recovering unpaid television licence fees;
benefits eligibility assessment and monitoring (for example, by checking for changes in circumstances that would affect established eligibility);
the assessment or collection of any payments due to a public sector organisation in carrying out a statute or other legal obligation;
the detection and prevention of a crime, and the apprehension and prosecution of offenders;
the detection, prevention and recovery of improper payments or overpayments from public funds; and
for the purposes of any legal proceedings (including prospective legal proceedings).
3. WHAT ARE THE CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES’ LEGAL GROUNDS FOR HANDLING DATA?
Data protection law requires us to always have what is referred to as a “lawful basis” (i.e. a reason or justification) for processing personal data. There are a number of lawful bases available, but the majority of our data processing activity is on the basis that:
the processing is necessary to pursue our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties (such as our clients), and those interests do not unduly prejudice the rights and freedoms of individuals; or
the processing is necessary to comply with a
legal obligation
binding on us.
For information about any other lawful basis relied on by each of us, please review our individual privacy notices (see
Section 14
).
LEGITIMATE INTERESTS
We use data to pursue our legitimate interests, those of our clients and those of individuals. The following table explains these legitimate interests. We have carried out assessments and concluded that these interests are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals.
Interest
Explanation
Promoting responsible lending and helping to prevent over-indebtedness
Responsible lending means that lenders only sell products that are affordable and suitable for the borrowers’ circumstances. This is in the interests of borrowers so that they do not become burdened with debt that they cannot afford to repay, and the stress associated with that. It is also in the interests of lenders in that it reduces bad debt and collections activity.
We facilitate responsible lending by providing services that allow lenders to access information about a person (and anyone they have a financial association with, such as a joint account holder), including how they are managing current debt, have managed debt in the past and whether they have sufficient income to repay the debt.
Helping prevent and detect fraud, money laundering and validate and verify identity
We provide identity, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering services to help clients meet legal and regulatory obligations. These services benefit individuals by facilitating prompt access to services through identity verification, and helping to protect them against fraud, and other criminal activity.
Prevention and detection of fraud, money laundering and other criminal activity is in our legitimate interest and that of our clients. It is also to the benefit of wider society and therefore in the public interest.
Customer and data management activities for the benefit of consumers and businesses
We provide services which help businesses maintain the quality of their own customer data they hold and to make informed decisions about how they engage with their customers.
It is in our legitimate interests to offer these services to our clients, but it is also in the legitimate interests of both the consumer and businesses by helping ensure that the information held about them is accurate, comprehensive and up-to-date and that informed and responsible decisions can be made, particularly in the context of lending decisions.
Supporting tracing and debt recovery
We provide services that support tracing and collections where the client has a legitimate interest in conducting activity to find its customers and to recover debt, or to reunite, or confirm that an asset relates to the right person.
Enabling landlords to check the suitability of their prospective tenants
We enable landlords to verify some of the information provided by their prospective tenants, as well as confirming that they are who they say they are and that they are likely to be willing and able to pay their rent on time. This helps the landlord to decide whether to agree to the tenancy, or how much of a deposit they should ask for; and it reduces the risk that the tenancy relationship will subsequently break down. It also helps tenants to avoid getting into legal difficulties where they have agreed to pay rent that they cannot afford.
Enabling employers to check the suitability of their current and prospective staff
We enable employers to verify some of the information provided by their staff and job candidates and confirm that they are who they say they are. They also enable employers to assess whether the staff member or candidate has a history of managing their own financial commitments well, or whether they are financially compromised. This can help reduce the risk of fraud and can help the employer to decide whether the person is or would be a suitable member of its staff. All of which is in the legitimate interest of those employers.
Enabling insurers to calculate and price risk more accurately
We enable insurers to consider certain kinds of data when they are assessing risk. This data can help the insurer decide whether to provide cover to a person, and how much the insurance premium should be. This enables them to better forecast their future liability and to price their insurance products more accurately and competitively. For consumers, it means that insurance policies are priced more fairly, with the lowest-risk individuals paying less for their insurance.
Supporting government and public sector organisations in the performance of their duties
We enable government and public sector organisations to consider certain kinds of data to help them in the performance of their duties. For example, this could include the assessment or collection of taxes; benefits eligibility assessment and monitoring; and the detection, prevention and recovery of improper payments or overpayments from public funds. This enables them to protect public money and ensure it is used effectively. This is in the public interest. For consumers, it means that their tax contributions are utilised efficiently and effectively and that the right benefits and entitlements are granted to them.
Supporting compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
Our services may be used by our clients to help them comply with their own regulatory obligations, for example, complying with anti-money laundering obligations and regulations set by the Financial Conduct Authority (‘FCA’) which require lenders to assess the creditworthiness of individuals who apply for loans. This is in the legitimate interest of clients.
Our services are also regulated and may use data to ensure our own legal and regulatory compliance. As part of this compliance, regulators may also ask us to provide information to assist them. For example, the FCA may ask for data to help inform them of areas of potential harm to allow them to identify areas where they should focus their resources.
Further, these regulatory obligations are in place in the interests of wider society, so facilitating compliance with them indirectly benefits society as a whole, which is in the public interest.
Promoting responsible, efficient and informed marketing activities for the benefit of consumers and businesses
We provide services to support organisations in ensuring that their marketing strategies are responsible, informed and efficient. This helps them to reduce waste (driving costs down and increasing competition) and avoid sending communications to individuals who are less likely to be interested in receiving them or who should not receive them.
Commercial interests
It is in each of our legitimate interests to provide the services described above to our clients to generate sales revenues.
Enabling gambling organisations to meet their obligations to protect individuals from the impacts of problem gambling
Our services may be used by organisations to help protect individuals from the impacts associated with problem gambling and gambling related harms. Excessive spending on gambling at the expense of payment of priority household debts (such as mortgage or rent payments) could have a significant financial impact on the individual and family unit.  This is in the legitimate interests of gambling organisations and supports them to comply with their regulatory obligations, whilst also being in the legitimate interests of individuals.
There are wider societal benefits, including reducing the burden on public health services and impacts on the economy.
Our use of data is subject to an extensive framework of safeguards that balance the legitimate interests set out above with the fundamental rights and freedoms of the people whose data we use and share. The framework includes information given to people about how their data will be used and how they can exercise their rights to obtain their personal data, have it corrected, erased, or restricted, object to it being processed, and complain if they are dissatisfied. It also includes extensive due diligence checks on clients, robust contractual arrangements, and internal data management processes that we have in place. These safeguards help sustain a fair and appropriate balance and to protect the rights and freedoms of individuals.
LEGAL OBLIGATIONS
In some circumstances we are required by law to use or share data in particular ways. This happens, for example, when a court, law enforcement agency or regulator makes a legally binding request or order for disclosure of data. It also happens when individual consumers exercise their rights, for example by requesting a copy of their own personal data from us.
4. WHAT KINDS OF DATA DO CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES USE, AND WHERE DO THEY GET IT FROM?
Each of us obtains and uses data (including your personal data) from different sources, so we often hold information that is different to some degree from that held by the others.
However, most of the personal data we each hold falls into the categories outlined below from the sources described (please note that some of this data may relate to individuals from the Crown Dependencies
[14]
as well as from the UK).
Information Type
Description
Source
Identifiers
We hold personal data that can be used to identify people, such as name, date of birth, and current and previous addresses.
We may also hold business data including name, address and details of company shareholders and directors.
This data is part of some of the other data sources mentioned below in this table.
Data about postal addresses is obtained from commercial sources such as Royal Mail.
Data about businesses may also be sourced from public websites, including Companies House and companies’ own websites.
Electoral register data
We hold information from the electoral register (also known as the ‘Electoral Roll’). There are two versions of this. One is known as the open register (also known as the ‘Edited Electoral Roll’ or ‘EER’) and can be used for a variety of purposes including marketing. The other is the full register which we can only use for limited purposes.
This data is supplied by local authorities.
Credit account performance data
We receive personal data about how people are managing to repay their credit commitments.
The data includes the name of the lending organisation, the date the account was opened, the account number, the amount of debt outstanding (if any), any credit available (including overdraft limits) and the repayment history on the account, including late and missing payments. This may also include transactions that have been made on a buy now pay later basis.
This data is provided from banks, building societies and other financial services providers such as credit card companies, credit suppliers, credit unions, hire purchase companies and buy now pay later organisations. It is also provided by utilities companies, mobile phone networks, retail and mail order companies and insurance companies.
Rental related data
Some of us receive personal data about whether people are managing to pay their rent on time.
The data includes tenancy reference, start date, end date, rental amount, arrangement amount and outstanding balance.
This data is provided by social housing providers and private landlords. You can also sign up to certain services which identify your rent payments from your bank account transactions and report them to us.
Current Account turnover data
This data includes the name of the organisation providing Current Accounts, current account numbers, sort codes, the number of account holders, the current balance, a figure for credits on each current account and sometimes a figure for debits.
This data is provided from organisations who offer people Current Accounts, such as banks and building societies and e-money institutions.
Application salary data
This data consists of the salary declared by a person when they are applying for credit. It also includes whether that figure is net or gross, and whether the salary has been verified (e.g. with copies of salary slips). This data also includes the date that an application was made.
This data is provided to us by organisations who collect declared income from individuals when they apply for credit.
This information is provided as a separate file of data, although declared income can sometimes be provided together with other data (see search footprints below).
Open Banking data
This data includes details of the financial transactions within your account(s) accessed via Open Banking (including details of payment amounts, dates, payees and payers).
This data is made available by your account provider, where access to the account has been specifically authorised by you.
For example, this may be to help support a credit application you are making to a lender or as proof of your income.
We are only permitted to obtain this data through being FCA registered Account Information Service Providers or though working with firms that hold this FCA permission.
For more details of how each credit reference agency provides open banking services, please see the privacy notices of each credit reference agency, a link to which is provided in
Section 14
.
Judgment data
We obtain data about court judgments and decrees. This may include, for example, the name of the court, the nature of the judgment, how much money was owed, and whether the judgment has been satisfied.
The government makes court judgments and other decrees and administrative orders publicly available through statutory public registers. These are maintained by Registry Trust Limited, which supplies the data on the registers to us.
Insolvency data
We obtain data about insolvency-related events. This includes data about bankruptcies, administration orders, individual voluntary arrangements, debt relief orders, sequestrations, trust deeds and debt arrangement schemes. This data includes the start and end dates of the relevant insolvency or arrangement.
This data is obtained from The Insolvency Service, the Accountant in Bankruptcy, The Stationary Office and Northern Ireland’s Department for the Economy – Insolvency Service, the London, Belfast and Edinburgh Gazettes and Registry Trust Limited.
Business insolvency data is obtained from the London, Belfast and Edinburgh Gazettes.
Fraud prevention indicators
This data consists of information which indicates that an individual has demonstrated behaviour that appears to be consistent with that of known fraudulent conduct. It also consists of information where an individual has been a victim of identity fraud or feels that his or her personal data is vulnerable due to a data breach.
This data is generated internally by us and also obtained from third parties such as Cifas, a not-for-profit fraud prevention membership organisation.
Search footprints
When an organisation uses us to make enquiries about a person, we keep a record of that enquiry. This is known as a ‘search footprint’. This includes the name of the organisation, the date, and the purpose for which the enquiry was made.
We may also receive additional data that was provided as part of the search, such as employment status, disclosed income (income sometimes provided separately as application salary data) and contact information.
Some footprints are visible only to us and the individual about whom they are made. Other searches are also visible to other organisations, and in some cases can therefore affect credit decisions (e.g. where an organisation draws a negative inference from a debt collection search).
We generate search footprints automatically when enquiries are made about a person.
Each credit reference agency only creates search footprints for searches against its own records.
Scores
We and our clients use data to produce scores including in relation to credit, affordability, fraud, identity, collections and insolvency.
We use algorithms known as ‘scorecards’ to produce scores. Similarly, other organisations create their own scores from data obtained from us as well as other sources.
Other third-party data
This data includes phone numbers and email addresses, data concerning politically exposed persons (PEPs) and people on sanctions lists as well as mortality data.
We receive this data from reputable commercial sources under contracts agreed from time to time.
Other additional information credit reference agencies create (not already referred to in this table)
We derive certain additional information from the data. For example:
Summarised and aggregated data
: we can summarise data, for example by providing a count of the total number of accounts or judgments a person has, or the total amount of debt. We can also aggregate data about different consumers together, for example to provide an overview of the financial status of particular postcodes and other geographical areas. This may then be anonymised data.
Address links
: when we detect that a person has moved to a new house, we may create and store a link between the old and new address.
Aliases
: when we believe that a person has changed their name, we may record the old name alongside the new one.
Financial associations and linked people
: when we believe that two or more people are financially linked with each other (for example, because they have a joint account, apply for credit together, such as a mortgage or loan, or get a joint County Court Judgment), we may record that fact. Just sharing an address with someone or even being married to them (but not having any joint credit) does not make them a financial associate.
Your financial associates can impact your ability to get credit. They appear on your credit report, and companies may check their credit history when deciding whether to approve you. This is because your financial associates may affect your ability to repay debt. For example, if your partner has been made bankrupt, companies may be concerned that you will need to help them repay their debts before you can repay your own. Credit scores you receive through services you sign-up for may reflect and explain the impact of a financial associate on your ability to get credit.
Flags and triggers
: we may create flags and triggers that we use in our systems to highlight that certain data exists or to summarise that data. For example, if we hold fraud data from the fraud organisation known as Cifas, we may create a flag indicating this fact. This flag would highlight to clients that the data is available and give them the opportunity to ask for more details.
We generate this additional information from the data sources already available to us.
Data provided by individuals themselves
People sometimes provide data about themselves directly to us. For example, individuals have the right to ask us to add a short statement that will be displayed when an organisation sees data about them. This statement is known as a ‘notice of correction’ and can be used to allow the person to explain the reason for an entry. The right to do this is explained in
Section 10
below).
If a person exercises any of their other legal rights, we will retain data relating to these activities, for example, records will be kept of all actions and correspondence relating to managing complaints.
This data is provided directly by individuals themselves.
5. WHO DO CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES SHARE DATA WITH?
This section describes the types of organisations we share data with. Before sharing data with any third party we will, where appropriate, complete our own due diligence checks to ensure that the organisation is a real business and has applicable regulatory authorisations in place.
Clients
We supply our products and services to clients in various sectors, such as banks, building societies, other credit providers, buy now-pay later providers, utility companies, mobile phone companies, insurance companies, employers, credit report providers, retailers, gambling organisations, tenant and employee vetting firms, professional services organisations (such as firms of solicitors and accountants), estate agents, landlords, marketing companies, charities and public bodies such as the police, central and local government and regulators.
Certain organisations that share financial data with us are members of closed user groups which entitle them to receive similar kinds of financial data contributed by other organisations in the group. These organisations are typically banks, building societies, and other lenders, as well as other credit providers like utilities companies, mobile phone networks and other organisations like gambling firms.
Resellers, distributors, partners, agents and other third parties
We sometimes use or partner up with other third party organisations to provide combined products or products which combine our data with other information to help provide our products and services to clients and to help us improve our own products and services. To do this, we may provide data to third parties so that they can provide the services.
Service providers
We may use other external organisations and other members of our own groups of companies to perform tasks on their behalf (for example, IT service providers, call centre providers and security service providers). To do this, we may provide or make available data to them so that they can perform the tasks.
Fraud prevention agencies
Each of us is a member of Cifas, a not-for-profit fraud prevention service. Where we believe that you may have been a victim of fraud, we may share that information with Cifas so that other Cifas members can access it. This enables other Cifas members to check when (for example) a credit application is made in your name. Please refer to the Cifas’ privacy notice
[15]
for more details.
Government and other public sector organisations
We may share information with government and other public sector organisations, including the following bodies: ministerial government departments, such as the Department of Work and Pensions, HM Revenue & Customs, HM Treasury, the Cabinet Office; publicly owned corporations and other arm’s length bodies such as the Public Sector Fraud Authority) and private sector organisations providing services on behalf of a public sector organisations, such as a housing association acting on behalf of a local authority.
Regulators
Regulators, such as the Financial Conduct Authority, Competition & Markets Authority, Information Commissioner’s Office, Ofgem and Ofwat, can sometimes request or require us to supply them with personal data. This can be for a range of purposes such as investigating complaints or in response to legal obligations. The regulators may also need data insights from us when assessing how well a particular industry sector is working.
Law enforcement agencies
This includes police forces, security services and border control.
Individuals
People are entitled to obtain copies of the personal data we hold about them. Details on how to do this are set out in
Section 9
below.
6. WHERE IS DATA STORED AND SENT?
All three of us are based in the UK and keep our main databases there. We may also have operations and service providers elsewhere inside and outside the UK and the European Economic Area, and data may be accessed from those locations too. Regardless of where the data is processed, we ensure that it is always protected by applicable UK and European data protection standards.
While the UK and countries in the European Economic Area all ensure a high standard of data protection law, some parts of the world may not provide the same level of legal protection when it comes to personal data. As a result, when we send data overseas we make sure suitable safeguards are in place in accordance with applicable UK and European data protection requirements, to protect the data. For example, these safeguards might include:
• Sending the data to a country that has been approved by the relevant authorities as having a suitably high standard of data protection law. Examples include the Isle of Man, Switzerland and Canada.
• Putting in place a contract with the receiving organisation containing terms approved by the relevant authorities as providing a suitable level of protection.
• Sending the data to an organisation which is a member of a scheme that has been approved by the relevant authorities as providing a suitable level of protection. One example is the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (UK-US “Data Bridge”) agreed between the UK and US authorities.
Overseas recipients of data include our group companies, clients, resellers and service providers. Please see
Section 5
for more information about recipients of data.
More information about the safeguards we each use can be obtained by contacting us at the contact details in
Section 1
above.
7. FOR HOW LONG IS DATA RETAINED?
Each of us may retain data for different periods of time. Information about our respective retention periods can be found at the following locations:
Equifax: Equifax I CRAIN - Data Retention Periods
[16]
Experian: Experian | CRAIN Data Retention Periods
[17]
TransUnion: TransUnion | CRAIN Data Retention Periods
[18]
These periods are subject to regular review and may change from time to time.
8. DO THE CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES MAKE DECISIONS ABOUT CONSUMERS OR PROFILE THEM?
DECISIONS ABOUT CONSUMERS
We do not tell organisations what decisions to make about consumers. Our role is primarily to provide information to other organisations which supports them in making their own decisions as this is for each organisation to decide. For example, we do not tell lenders whether to offer credit to consumers; we just provide services that help those lenders make decisions about consumers. An organisation’s own data, knowledge, processes and practices will also play a significant role in those decisions.
We may provide similar services to our respective clients, but these services may lead to different decisions because (i) each credit reference agency may hold different information from the others, (ii) each client may place differing importance on some information compared to others, and (iii) each client may take into account information available to it from other sources. These are some of the reasons why a person may receive a “yes” from one lender but a “no” from another.
SCORES AND RATINGS
When requested, we use the data we obtain to produce credit, risk, fraud, identity, affordability, screening, collection and insolvency scores and ratings; these are explained in
Section 4
above. In providing these scores and ratings to our clients, we are not making decisions about consumers or telling organisations what decisions to make about consumers – this is for each organisation to decide on the basis of their own criteria.
9. HOW CAN A CONSUMER SEE WHAT DATA THE CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES HOLD ABOUT THEM? DO CONSUMERS HAVE A ‘DATA PORTABILITY’ RIGHT IN CONNECTION WITH THEIR DATA?
DATA ACCESS RIGHT
Consumers have the right to find out what personal data we hold about them. Each of us provides more information about access rights on our websites.
Credit reference agency
How to access your data
Equifax
To get your credit report:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/Products/credit/statutory-report.html
To get other information about how to access your personal data:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/privacy-hub
To make a request by post:
Equifax Limited, Customer Service Centre, PO Box 10036, Leicester, LE3 4FS
Experian
To get your credit report:
https://www.experian.co.uk/consumer/statutory-report.html
To get other information about how to access your personal data:
https://ins.experian.co.uk/contact
To make a request by post:
Customer Support Centre, Experian Ltd, PO BOX 8000, Nottingham, NG80 7WF
TransUnion
To get your credit report:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/consumer/get-your-credit-report
To get other information about how to access your personal data:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal/privacy-centre/your-data-rights
To make a request by post:
TransUnion Consumer Services Team, PO Box 647, Unit 4, Hull HU9 9QZ
DATA PORTABILITY RIGHT
Data protection legislation also contains a right to data portability. Where it applies, the right to data portability gives consumers a right to receive their personal data in a standard format. However, this right only applies when personal data is processed on certain lawful grounds, such as consent. This right does not apply to our data because it is processed on the grounds of “legitimate interests”. To find out more about legitimate interests please go to
Section 3
above.
10. WHAT CAN A CONSUMER DO IF THEIR DATA IS WRONG?
When the credit reference agencies receive personal data, they perform lots of checks on it to try and detect any defects or mistakes. Ultimately, though, the credit reference agencies rely on their suppliers to provide accurate data.
If a consumer thinks that any personal data a credit reference agency holds about them is wrong or incomplete, the consumer has the right to challenge it. If challenged, the credit reference agency will need to take reasonable steps to check the data, such as asking the organisation that supplied it to check and confirm its accuracy.
If the data turns out to be wrong, the credit reference agency will update its records accordingly. If the credit reference agency still believes that the data is correct after completing their checks, they will continue to hold and use it. Where the data is part of the consumer’s credit report, they can ask the credit reference agency to add a supplementary statement of up to 200 words explaining their views about the information. This statement will be supplied to organisations who subsequently access the information that the consumer has disputed.
To do this, consumers should contact the relevant credit reference agency using the contact details in
Section 1
above. Where more than one credit reference agency holds incorrect information, it may be necessary to contact them separately.
11. CAN A CONSUMER OBJECT TO THE USE OF THEIR DATA AND HAVE IT DELETED?
This section helps consumers understand how to exercise their data protection rights to object to data being used by us and how to ask for it to be deleted. To understand these rights and how they apply to the processing of data, it is important to know that we hold and process personal data under the “legitimate interests” basis for processing (see
Section 3
above for more information about this), and do not rely on consent.
Consumers have the right to object to the processing of personal data by us. This can be done by contacting the relevant credit reference agency using the contact details in
Section 1
above.
Although consumers have complete freedom to contact us with objections at any time, under data protection law, a consumer’s right to object does not automatically lead to a requirement for processing to stop, or for personal data to be deleted.
Because of the importance of the credit referencing industry to the UK’s financial system, and the important purposes for which the data is needed (such as supporting responsible lending, and preventing over-indebtedness, fraud and money laundering) we will normally have compelling, overriding grounds to carry on using the personal data following an objection. In many cases, it will not be appropriate for us to restrict or to stop processing or delete data, for example, where the result would be to hide a poor credit history that could enable a person or organisation to get credit they otherwise would not be eligible for.
However, as an exception from the general rule described above, all consumers have an absolute right to object to their personal data being used for direct marketing purposes. If you object to us using your personal data for those purposes, you can get us to stop by contacting us using the details in
Section 1
or specifically, in the case of Experian, through the online service at
https://www.experianmarketingservices.digital/OptOut
.
12. CAN A CONSUMER RESTRICT WHAT THE CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCIES DO WITH THEIR DATA?
In some circumstances, consumers can ask us to restrict how we use their data. Contact details for each credit reference agency are in
Section 1
above.
This is not an absolute right and processing will only be restricted if certain conditions are met (for example, if the processing is unlawful or the personal data is no longer required by us for the purposes for which it was obtained).
Even where a restriction condition is met, a consumer’s personal data may still be processed (and shared) by us where certain grounds exist. These are:
with the consumer’s consent
for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims
for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person
for reasons of important public interest
We will consider and respond to requests we receive and will assess whether any of the restriction conditions apply and, if they do, whether there are any grounds that permit the continued processing of the personal data.
Given the importance of complete and accurate data, for purposes including, for example, for responsible lending and preventing over-indebtedness, fraud and money laundering, it will usually be appropriate for us to continue processing data on the basis of protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest. Consumers can contact us to ask about this processing of their personal data so that they can understand how their data will be used.
13. WHO CAN A CONSUMER COMPLAIN TO IF THEY ARE UNHAPPY ABOUT THE USE OF THEIR DATA?
THE CREDIT REFERENCE AGENCY
Each credit reference agency tries to ensure that it delivers the best outcomes for its clients and for consumers. If a consumer wants to make a complaint to us, they can do so by contacting us at the following addresses.
Credit reference agency
Contact details
Equifax
Post: Equifax Limited, PO Box 10036, Leicester, LE3 4FS
Email:
complaints@equifax.com
Phone:
0333 321 4043
or
0800 014 2955
Experian
Post: Experian, PO BOX 8000, Nottingham, NG80 7WF
Email:
complaints@uk.experian.com
Experian Complaints Handling Procedure
TransUnion
Post: TransUnion Customer Relations Team, PO Box 647, Unit 4, Hull, HU9 9QZ
Email:
ukcustomerrelations@transunion.com
Phone:
0330 024 7574
Each of us also has a data protection officer who can be contacted about matters relating to the protection of personal data at the relevant credit reference agency. The contact details for each of our data protection officers are:
Equifax:
UKDPO@equifax.com
Experian:
uk.dpo@experian.com
TransUnion:
ukdpo@transunion.com
THE INFORMATION COMMISSIONER’S OFFICE
If a consumer is not satisfied with how we have investigated a complaint, the consumer can refer their concerns to the Information Commissioner’s Office which is the body that regulates the handling of personal data in the UK. The contact details are:
Phone: 0303 123 1113
Post: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow SK9 5AF
Website:
https://www.ico.org.uk
You may also have the right to raise questions or complaints to the relevant supervisory authority or other data protection regulator in the jurisdiction where you are resident. If you are resident in the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands, the relevant data protection regulator’s details are:
Isle of Man
Jersey
Guernsey
Isle of Man Information Commissioner
Phone
: 01624 693260
Email
:
ask@inforights.im
Post
: P.O. Box 69, Douglas, Isle of Man, IM99 1EQ
Website
:
https://www.inforights.im/
Jersey Office of the Information Commissioner
Phone
: 01534 716530
Email
:
enquiries@jerseyoic.org
Post
: 2nd Floor, 5 Castle Street, St. Helier, Jersey, JE2 3BT
Website
:
https://jerseyoic.org/
The Office of the Data Protection Authority
Phone
: 01481 742074
Email
:
info@odpa.gg
Post
: Block A, Lefebvre Court, Lefebvre Street, St Peter Port, GY1 2JP
Website
:
https://www.odpa.gg/
THE FINANCIAL OMBUDSMAN SERVICE
Where the complaint relates to an activity which is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (such as credit reporting and affordability checks), consumers also have the right to refer the matter to the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) for free. The FOS is an independent public body that aims to resolve disputes between consumers and businesses like credit reference agencies.
If you live in the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands, this service is also available to you because we are UK based businesses.
The contact details are:
Phone:
0300 123 9 123 (or, from outside the UK, +44 20 7964 1000)
Email:
complaint.info@financial-ombudsman.org.uk
Post:
Financial Ombudsman Service, Exchange Tower London E14 9SR
Website:
https://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk
14. WHERE CAN YOU FIND OUT MORE?
The work we do is very complex, and this document is intended to provide only a concise overview of the key points. More information about each credit reference agency and what it does with personal data is available at the following locations:
Credit reference agency
Information
Equifax:
Information about other products and services (including marketing services and the use of the legitimate interests relied on for their marketing services):
Equifax | Privacy Hub | UK
Experian:
Information about other products and services (including marketing services and the use of the legitimate interests relied on for their marketing services):
Experian | Data Privacy
Experian | Consumer Information Portal
Experian | Marketing Transparency Notice | Business Information UK
Information about fraud prevention services:
Experian | General Information Notice to Experian's ID&F Customers
Transunion:
Other TransUnion privacy notices, including those covering TransUnion’s marketing services and open banking services, are available at:
TransUnion | Privacy Centre | UK
The Information Commissioner’s Office also publishes advice and information for consumers in its Credit Explained leaflet
[19]
.
[1] ICO:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/uk-gdpr-guidance-and-resources/individual-rights/individual-rights/
[2] Business Information Providers Association:
https://bipa.uk.com/
[3] Equifax:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/efx_pdf/Understanding-your-credit-information-equifax-v2.pdf
[4] Experian:
https://www.experian.co.uk/consumer/product-factsheets/understanding-credit-information.pdf
[5] TransUnion:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/content/dam/transunion/gb/consumer/collateral/transunion-understanding-your-credit-information.pdf
[6] Experian:
https://www.experian.co.uk/privacy/privacy-and-your-data
[7] Experian:
https://www.experian.co.uk/business-information/marketing-transparency-notice
[8] Equifax:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/privacy-hub
[9] TransUnion:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/privacy
[10] Experian:
https://www.experian.co.uk/privacy/consumer-information-portal
[11] Experian:
https://www.experian.co.uk/business-information/marketing-transparency-notice
[12] Equifax:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/privacy-hub
[13] TransUnion:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal/privacy-centre/pc-marketing-services
[14] The Crown Dependencies are the Bailiwick of Jersey, the Bailiwick of Guernsey (which includes the jurisdictions of Guernsey, Alderney and Sark) and the Isle of Man
[15] Cifas privacy notice:
https://www.cifas.org.uk/fpn
[16] Equifax:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/privacy-hub/crain/retention
[17] Experian:
https://www.experian.co.uk/legal/crain/data-retention
[18] TransUnion:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal/crain-retention
[19] ICO:
https://ico.org.uk/media/your-data-matters/documents/1282/credit-explained-dp-guidance.pdf