Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Youfoodz Pty Ltd ACN 160 909 893 trading as Youfoodz (“we”, “us”, “our” or “Youfoodz”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
We take our customers' privacy seriously and we will only collect and use your personal information as outlined below. Our Privacy Statement fully complies with the Privacy Act 1988 (“Privacy Act”) and represents the industry's best practice.
By providing personal information to us, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any other arrangements that apply between us. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time by publishing changes to it on our website and mobile app (collectively, “Site”). Your use of Site, App, and our Service, is subject to our
Terms and Conditions
and this Privacy Policy. .
Collection of Personal Information
The personal information we collect may include your:
name
mailing and delivery address
email address
telephone number and other contact details
mobile number
age and date of birth
gender
credit card information
Details of the products and services we have provided to you or that you have enquired about, including any additional information necessary to deliver those products and services and respond to your enquiries
Any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our website or app or indirectly through your use of our website or app or online presence or through other websites or accounts from which you permit us to collect information
Any other personal information that may be required in order to facilitate your dealings with us
We collect these types of personal information either directly from you, or from third parties. We may collect this information when you:
Register on our website or apps
Purchase a product or subscribe to service from us
Sign up or subscribe to our service via a sales agent at your home or in public
Communicate with us through correspondence, chat, email, or when you share information with us from other social applications, services or websites
Interact with our sites, services, content or advertising
The time spent on our Site, items and information searched for on our Site, access times and dates, and other relevant statistics.
Purpose of Collection, Usage and Disclosure of Personal Information
The personal information we collect from you will be used in some or all of the following ways:
To deliver the products you have purchased from Youfoodz
To enable you to access and use our Site and services
To ensure your eligibility for Youfoodz services
To inform and update you on the delivery of the product for customer support and administrative purposes, transactions you have with us, technical notices, updates, security alerts and information requested by you;
To provide you with relevant product information
To operate, protect, improve and optimise our website, services, app, and our users' experience, such as to perform analytics, conduct research and for advertising and marketing, either by us or via our service providers
To administer rewards, surveys, contests or other promotional activities or events sponsored by or managed by us or our business partners
To send you marketing and/or promotional materials from time to time.
Note: you can unsubscribe from electronic marketing communications at any time by using the unsubscribe function within the electronic marketing material
We may also disclose your personal information to a trusted third party who also holds other information about you. This third party may combine that information in order to enable it and us to develop anonymised consumer insights so that we can better understand your preferences and interests, personalise your experience and enhance the products and services that you receive.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
You have the right to request access to information about you held by Youfoodz, and you have the right to request for such personal information to be corrected. If any of your personal information held by us is inaccurate or outdated, you can update your personal information anytime by accessing your account at
https://www.youfoodz.com/settings/account/personal-info
. Alternatively you may contact us via our website at youfoodz.com/pages/contact
Security of Your Personal Information
Youfoodz takes reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, interference, loss, unauthorise access, modification or disclosure. Youfoodz ensures that all information collected will be safely and securely stored. We protect your personal information by:
Restricting access to personal information
Maintaining technology products to prevent unauthorised computer access
Securely destroying your personal information when it's no longer needed for our record retention purposes
Youfoodz uses TLS 1.3 (SHA-256) encryption technology when processing your financial details. TLS 1.3 encryption is the industry standard.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not share your information in ways other than those outlined in this Policy.
Youfoodz is committed to complying with the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy principles. We may disclose your personal information in some or all of the following ways:
To our employees and any member of our group, including subsidiaries, our holding company and its subsidiaries which locate within and outside of Australia, including Europe, North America and Oceania
To third party suppliers and service providers we engage to help us conduct our business including marketing and advertising functions and subject to confidentiality provisions that we deem appropriate
To third parties we engage to analyse our business practices and operations and in connection with providing and improving our products and services
Professional advisers, dealers and agents, in their capacity as service providers bound by confidentiality provisions
To our payment system’s operators (for e.g. merchants receiving card payments)
To prospective Sellers or Purchasers of business assets in the course of selling or buying any business or assets
To anyone to whom our assets or businesses (or any part of them) are transferred;
To specific third parties authorised by you to receive information held by us;
our existing or potential agents, business partners or partners;
To prevent personal injuries or death;
To our sponsors or promoters of any competition that we conduct via our services
To other persons, including government agencies, regulatory bodies and law enforcement agencies, or as required, authorised or permitted by law.
Collection of Computer Data
When you visit Youfoodz’s Site, our servers will automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website.
This data may include:
Your electronic device's IP address and geo-locations
Browser, electronic device type and device data
Webpage(s) or website(s) you were visiting before you access our Site
The webpages within Youfoodz you visit
The time spent on our Site, items and information searched for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics.
This information is collected for analysis and evaluation purposes in order to help us improve our site and the services and products we provide. This data will not be used in association with any other personal information.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics also uses “Cookies”, text files that are saved on the hard drive of your computer and enable the analysis of website use through you. The information gathered by the cookie about the use of this website will generally be transmitted to Google servers in the US and saved there. As licensed by the owners of this website, Google will use this information in order to analyze your use of this website, in order to compile reports regarding the website activity, and in order to render further services associated with website activity and internet usage to the owner of this website. The IP address of your browser as detected by Google Analytics will not be conflated with other data from Google. You can choose to prevent the saving of cookie files through the relevant setting in your browser software; we would however like to inform you that you will in this case not be able to use all the functions of this website to their full extent. You can choose to prevent Google’s collection and usage of the data gathered by cookie files to provide information regarding your usage of this website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plugin available here. By using this website, you are consenting to the appropriation of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes laid out above.
As you browse this website, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with this website. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this site to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising.
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use advertising cookies (from DoubleClick) to associate your browser with interest and demographic categories, and serve ads based on your past visits to this website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you here, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
This website uses retargeting services from the social network Facebook. Facebook collects certain information via cookies to determine which web pages are visited. This data is then used to associate your browser with interest and demographic categories, and serve Facebook ads based on your past visits to this website. Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies is not linked to any customer's personal information collected by us.
On this website, data for marketing and optimization purposes is collected and stored by Webtrekk GmbH (link to website). This data is used to create a user profile under a pseudonym. Here, cookies may be used. Cookies are small text files that are saved locally in the temporary cache of the site visitor’s internet browser. Your IP address is anonymized, saved and sent, making it impossible to identify you via your IP address. The collected data is deleted once there is no longer a need to save it for analytical purposes, or upon the request of the user. For more information regarding how Webtrekk collects data, you may find their privacy policy here. For exclusion from Webtrekk tracking, a cookie named “webTrekkOptOut” from the domain webtrekk.net is used. This tracking opt-out is active as long as this cookie is not deleted. To activate this opt-out, please visit this site.
Integrated on our webpages are plugins from the social network Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. These Facebook-plugins are indicated by the Facebook-logo or the “Like-Button” on our website. You can find an overview of the Facebook-plugins here. When you visit our website, a direct connection is established between your browser and the Facebook server through the plugin. Through this connection, Facebook is informed that you have visited our website using your IP address. Should you click the Facebook “Like-Button” while logged into your Facebook account, you can link the contents of our website to your Facebook profile. In this way Facebook can link your visit to our website to your user account. We would like to point out that, as the proprietors of the pages, we have no influence on the contents of the transmitted data or its use by Facebook. You can find further information regarding this in the Facebook Privacy Policy here. In order to avoid your user account being linked to the data passed on to Facebook, you must be logged out of your Facebook account.
Integrated on our webpages are functions of the social service Twitter. These functions are provided by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. By using Twitter and the “Re-Tweet” function, the websites you have visited are linked to your Twitter account and made known to other Twitter users. In this process data is also entrusted to Twitter. We would like to point out that, as the proprietors of the pages, we have no influence on the contents of the transmitted data or its use by Twitter. You can find further information regarding this in the Twitter Privacy Policy here. You can change your Twitter privacy settings under your account settings here.
Complaints
If you think we have breached the Privacy Act, or you wish to make a complaint about the way we have handled your personal information, you can contact us via the Site or via the contact details below. Please include your name, email address and/or telephone number and clearly describe your complaint. We will acknowledge your complaint and respond to you regarding your complaint within a reasonable period. If you think that we have failed to resolve the complaint satisfactorily, we will provide you with guidance about the further steps you can take.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Youfoodz reserves the right to modify and change the Privacy Policy at any time from time to time. Any changes to this policy will be published on our Site.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed. Please reach out to us here or address your questions, comments and requests to
Privacy
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.youfoodz.com/privacy@youfoodz.com:
Log in
Sign up
Log in
Our Menu
Our Plans
FAQs
Contact us
Oops
We can't seem to find the page you're looking for...
Why not try one of the below links?
See the menu
Our plans
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact us