Mobile Privacy Policy
Home
>
Mobile Privacy Policy
iOS APPLICATION PRIVACY POLICY
By using this mobile video game application (the “App”) made available for use on mobile phone devices (the “Device” or Devices”), and owned by Young Horses, Inc. (“Young Horses”), an Illinois corporation, as of October 13, 2022, you are consenting to our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information set out in this privacy policy.
COLLECTION OF HARDWARE DATA
The App records information concerning the system on which it is used, such as the Device model, hardware, crash reports and operating system (collectively the “System Data”). System Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but that is helpful to Young Horses in improving the App.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not collect, store, use or share any personal information.
EMAIL
If you email the developer for support or other feedback, the emails
with email addresses will be retained for quality assurance purposes.
The email addresses will be used only to reply to the concerns or
suggestions raised and will never be used for any marketing purpose.
ANDROID APPLICATION PRIVACY POLICY
1. AGREEMENT. This represents the Privacy Policy Agreement (the “Agreement”) with respect to this mobile video game application (the “App”) made available for use on mobile phone devices (the “Device” or Devices”), and owned by Young Horses, Inc. (“Young Horses”), an Illinois corporation, as of September 24, 2015. Young Horses is committed to fair information practices and to protecting your privacy. This Agreement applies only to the Site and not to any websites that may be accessible from or linked to by the App, any or all of which may have different policies. BY USING THE SERVICE YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. This Agreement is binding. If you do not agree to or meet the requirements for any or all of the terms in this Agreement, then you may not use the App.
2. INCORPORATION OF MOBILE OPERATING SYSTEM GUIDELINES. This Agreement incorporates and abides by the terms of both the Google Play Policy Guidelines and Practices for Android apps.
3. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED.
3.1. HARDWARE DATA COLLECTED. The App records information concerning the system on which it is used, such as the Device model, hardware, and operating system (collectively the “System Data”). System Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but that is helpful to Young Horses in improving the App.
3.2. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED. Young Horses may access and record certain information provided voluntarily by you on or to the Device, and Google or Android (the “Personal Information”). Personal Information includes your location, your age, your gender, your language, your financial information, the ways in which you engage with the App, and other information. You may choose not to provide us with Personal Information. In such case, you will still be able to access and use much of the site but will be unable to use those parts of the Site that require Personal Information.
4. USES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED.
4.1. USE OF INFORMATION. Young Horses uses System Data and Personal Information to improve the App, to engage in better customer service, to bill you for products and services, to investigate claims or allegations, to respond to a legal order or official request, and to protect Young Horses’ rights and the rights and safety of other users and third parties. System Data and Personal Information are stored on secure servers not accessible by third parties.
4.2. THIRD PARTIES. Young Horses will not share System Data or Personal Information with third parties for any reason except to process information.
4.3. MAINTENANCE OF SECURITY AND SECRECY. Although Young Horses uses commercially reasonable safeguards to protect your System Data and Personal Information, Young Horses cannot ensure, guarantee, or warrant that such information will in fact be secure or private at all times. You submit System Data and Personal Information at your own risk.
4.4. SALE, MERGER, OR BANKRUPTCY. If Young Horses is sold, acquired, reorganized, merged, placed in bankruptcy, becomes insolvent, or otherwise undergoes any change of control, your System Data and Personal Information may be disclosed to other parties related to such action and Young Horses may not have control over how your System Data and Personal Information are accessed, stored, or otherwise used.
4.5. OPTING OUT AND DECLINING. You may decline to submit Personal Information to the Device, the App, and Young Horses, with the understanding that this may prevent Young Horses and the App from making certain or any services available to you.
4.6. UPDATING OR REMOVING INFORMATION. Young Horses maintains a procedure to help you keep your Personal Information correct and up-to-date. This may be done through your Device. If you believe your Personal Information has been stolen, lost, or used without permission, promptly notify Young Horses via email at feedback@younghorsesgames.com or by phone at 1.872.216.0303.
5. NOT FREE TO PLAY. The App makes no representations about being free to play or partially free to play and comes with no additional advertising or promotions.
6. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS CONCERNING CHILDREN. The App is not primarily targeted to children. However, use of the App by children may trigger application of various state laws, and use of the App by children under the age of 13 may trigger application of the federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. CLIENT! and the App are in full compliance with such laws. The App will make not accept and will make no use of any Personal Information gathered from or for any child. However, should a child’s Personal Information be collected inadvertently, Young Horses will protect its confidentiality, security, and integrity. A parent who believes a child has submitted Personal Information to the Device or the App may review such Personal Information information, ask that it be deleted, consent to its use, or later revoke such consent at any time by contacting Young Horses via email at feedback@younghorsesgames.com or by phone at 1.872.216.0303. To provide assurances that the person providing consent is in fact the parent, Young Horses may require the additional step of a confirmatory email sent to the parent.
This application can be used to analyze drug prices and check
Viagra discounts
.
7. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES. In the event that App links to any third party websites, the App Store, or any other outside website or application, Young Horses has no control over and is not responsible for any privacy policies or terms of service on such websites or applications. Such websites or applications may have different privacy policies or terms of service.
8. UPDATES TO THIS AGREEMENT. This Agreement may be amended by Young Horses from time to time in its sole discretion. Young Horses will post a notice on the App any time this Agreement has been changed or otherwise updated. It is your responsibility to review this Agreement periodically or upon notice of changes made. After amendments are made, your continued use of the App constitutes agreement that you shall abide by such amendments. If at any time you find this Agreement unacceptable, you must immediately uninstall the App.
9. MISCELLANEOUS.
9.1. NOTICE. Notice under this Agreement may be given in person or sent via email at feedback@younghorsesgames.com. Notice will be considered delivered at the time of receipt if sent by email, within three (3) days if sent by registered mail, and at the time of delivery if given in person.
9.2. HEADINGS. All headings in this Agreement are included solely for convenience and will not affect the interpretation of any right, obligation, provision, or condition under this Agreement in any way.
9.3. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement will be governed by and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Illinois without regard to choice of law provisions. The Parties irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in , STATE in all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement.
9.4. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire agreement with respect to the subject matter of the Agreement.