Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Purpose of Personal Information Processing
Team Abocado processes personal information for the following purposes and does not use it for any other purpose:
When using Apple Game Center authentication: Auth ID
When using Google Play Game Services authentication: Auth ID
Country/language information, visit date, service usage records, improper usage records, device information (device model, hardware ID), payment records, nickname, the company may collect additional information during service use, and in such cases, we will obtain separate consent for the collection and use of personal information.
Processing and Retention Period of Personal Information
① Team Abocado processes and retains personal information within the consented personal information retention and use period or the period required by law when collecting personal information from the data subject.
② The specific personal information processing and retention periods are as follows : Records of contracts, subscription withdrawals, payment of fees, and supply of goods in e-commerce: 5 years
Rights and Obligations of Information Subjects and Methods of Exercising Them
① As an information subject, users can exercise the following rights regarding personal information protection with Team Abocado:
Request for access to personal information
Request for correction in case of errors
Request for deletion
Request to suspend processing
Items of Personal Information Being Processed
① Team Abocado processes the following personal information items:
Device ID: App functionality, analytics, advertising, or marketing, account management
Abnormal termination logs: Analytics
Data is not encrypted and can be requested for deletion.
Destruction of Personal Information ('Team Abocado')
('Team Abocado') will dispose of the user's personal information without delay when the purpose of processing personal information is achieved. The procedures, deadlines, and methods of destruction are as follows:
Destruction procedure
Information entered by users will be transferred to a separate database (or paper documents) after the purpose is achieved and stored for a certain period according to internal policies and other relevant laws. In this case, the transferred personal information will not be used for purposes other than storage unless required by law.
Destruction deadline
User's personal information will be destroyed within 5 days from the end of the retention period, the date of recognition that the personal information is no longer necessary, or within 5 days from the date of withdrawal of consent.
Installation, Operation, and Refusal of Personal Information Automatic Collection Devices
Team Abocado does not use 'cookies' that store and retrieve user's usage information.
Personal Information Protection Manager
① Team Abocado is responsible for overall personal information processing and has appointed a personal information protection manager for complaints, damage relief, etc., related to personal information processing as follows:
▶ Personal Information Protection Manager
Name: Hyunwook Lee
Title: Developer
Contact: supports@teamabocado.xyz
② Information subjects can contact the personal information protection manager and the relevant department at Team Abocado for all inquiries, complaints, damage relief, etc., related to personal information protection while using Team Abocado's services (or businesses). Team Abocado will respond promptly to inquiries from information subjects.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
① This privacy policy is effective from the enforcement date and any additions, deletions, or amendments to the content in accordance with laws and policies will be announced through notices 7 days before the changes take effect.
Measures for Ensuring the Security of Personal Information
Team Abocado takes the following measures to ensure the security of personal information when processing personal information:
Limiting access to personal information processing systems: Access to systems processing personal information is restricted to the minimum number of personnel.
User Rights for Personal Information Protection
Team Abocado actively complies with the following matters to protect the rights of information subjects:
Right to withdraw consent for the collection, use, and provision of personal information: Users can withdraw their consent for the collection, use, and provision of personal information at any time.
Right to access, correct, delete, and request processing suspension of personal information: Users can access their personal information, request correction, deletion, and processing suspension.
Right to request restriction of personal information processing: Users can request the restriction of personal information processing.
Right to request the transfer of personal information: Users can request the transfer of personal information to another organization.
Page updated
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it