Privacy
Last updated: 17th February 2023
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on Sequel’s website and our apps for iPhone, iPad, and any other devices and platforms.
Privacy is one of my core values. I built Sequel to respect your privacy by minimising the data I can access. Sequel collects basic information about how you use the app, solely to help me make Sequel better. This information is anonymised so it can't be tied back to you and will not be shared with or sold to third-parties.
What data we collect
Analytics
We use Mixpanel (
privacy policy
) and Apple (
privacy policy
) to collect basic information about how you use Sequel. This data is anonymised and may include:
• Your usage of Sequel and its features;
• The type of device you use, the IP address and operating system of your device;
• Details about your Sequel subscription if you are a subscriber;
• Your app preferences, including your preferred time for release reminders;
• Your anonymised device ID.
We use Framer (
privacy policy
) to collect information about how you use our website such as the pages you visited and how you got to the site. Framer does not track, collect, or store any information that identifies a user.
Payment Data
We use Apple (
privacy policy
) as a payment provider for paid subscriptions and RevenueCat (
privacy policy
) to manage trial versions and paid subscriptions. All data sent to RevenueCat is anonymised. Transactions are processed so that your payment details are never communicated to us or RevenueCat.
Data Synchronisation
Sequel stores your data in Apple's iCloud service (
privacy policy
) in order to synchronise your data across all devices signed into your Apple ID. This data is minimised to only include essential details such as the items identifier and status, lists name and items.
Email
If you contact us for support or feedback, we will retain the questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address.
What we do with your data
We use the information we collect to improve our apps, website and customer support. This information will not be used to identify you, and we will not combine analytics information with other datasets in a way that would identify who you are.
The email addresses we collect when you contact us will only be used to reply to the concerns or suggestions raised and will never be used for marketing purposes.
Where is your data processed
All analytics data is stored in the European Economic Area (EEA). Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located.
How we protect your data
We design, build and run our systems to make sure that your data is as safe as possible at all stages, both while it’s processed and when it’s stored.
We also make sure that any third-parties that we deal with keep all personal data they process on our behalf secure.
Children’s privacy protection
Our services are not designed for, or intentionally targeted at children 13 years of age or younger. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information about anyone under the age of 13.
Contact us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, please email us directly at
feedback@getsequel.app
.
Changes to this policy
We may change our privacy policy. Any changes to this privacy policy will apply to you and your data immediately. Summary of changes so far:
• 17th February 2023:
Added reference to RevenueCat.
• 17th July 2022:
First published.
Sequel is lovingly crafted by Romain Lefebvre
Privacy Policy
•
Terms of Use
•
Press
•
Contact
Mastodon