Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 17, 2022
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Lunchclub
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to The School Food Company Ltd, Unit 35 Eastlink Business Park, Ballysimon Road, Limerick.
For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Country
refers to: Ireland
Data Controller
, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes of GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
Service
refers to the Application.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Third-party Social Media Service
refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Information from Third-Party Social Media Services
The Company allows You to create an account and log in to use the Service through the following Third-party Social Media Services:
Google
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
If You decide to register through or otherwise grant us access to a Third-Party Social Media Service, We may collect Personal data that is already associated with Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account, such as Your name, Your email address, Your activities or Your contact list associated with that account.
You may also have the option of sharing additional information with the Company through Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account. If You choose to provide such information and Personal Data, during registration or otherwise, You are giving the Company permission to use, share, and store it in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, for payment processing, to contact You.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.
With Your consent
: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Stripe
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
Usage, Performance and Miscellaneous
We may use third-party Service Providers to provide better improvement of our Service.
FreshDesk
FreshDesk is a customer support software. The service is operated by Freshworks, Inc.
FreshDesk service may collect information from Your Device.
The information gathered by FreshDesk is held in accordance with its Privacy Policy:
https://www.freshworks.com/privacy/
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent:
You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract:
Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests:
Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data.
The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.
We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting Us. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You as soon as possible.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: cashless@schoolfoodcompany.ie
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://stripe.com/us/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Learn more
.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.freshworks.com/privacy/:
Privacy
Cookie Policy
Data hosting
TOMs
Sub-processors
Freshworks Privacy Notice
Effective Date
February, 5th 2025
For prior version, please click
here
Freshworks is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) describes how Freshworks processes personal data in connection with our business, including the provision of our website at (
https://www.freshworks.com/
) (“
Website
”) and our Services.
This Notice explains Freshworks’ approach to any Personal Data that we might collect from you, or which we have obtained about you from a third party, and the purposes for which we process your Personal Data in our capacity as a Controller (i.e. when Freshworks determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data). It also describes your rights in respect of our processing of your Personal Data.
We process Personal Data in the countries in which we are established, including the United States, the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in other countries where third parties that we may use are based.
While processing the Personal Data we comply with the principles and rules of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) and to the rights of EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals.
By transferring Personal Data to a third party where Freshworks is acting as a controller, we have the full responsibility that the processing of a third party as a processor takes place under the DPF Principles. Freshworks shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its processors process Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Freshworks proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
This Notice only applies to the use of your Personal Data by us or on our behalf. It does not apply to:
Personal Data collected by third parties during your communications/dealings with those third parties or your use of their products or services (for example, where you follow links to third party websites over which we have no control).
Personal Data processed, stored or hosted by us when we act as a Processor on behalf of our Customers in the course of providing our Services, in which case the privacy statement of the relevant Customer will apply, and our data processing agreement with such Customer will govern our processing of your Personal Data.
DEFINITIONS
The capitalized terms used in this Notice are defined in Annex 1.
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Notice, you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
1. WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER?
2. WHO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA ABOUT?
3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DOES FRESHWORKS COLLECT, HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON?
4. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA?
5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF DATA
6. HOW DOES FRESHWORKS KEEP PERSONAL DATA SECURE?
7. EEA, UK AND SWISS SPECIFIC RIGHTS
8. CALIFORNIA-RESIDENT SPECIFIC RIGHTS
9. BRAZILIAN GENERAL DATA PROTECTION LAW (LGPD)
10. OPTING OUT PROCEDURE
11. OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
12. RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
13. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
14. GOOGLE API DISCLOSURE
15. CHILDREN'S PERSONAL DATA
16. AMENDMENTS
17. EFFECT OF MERGER OR ACQUISITION
18. CONTACTING FRESHWORKS
1. WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER?
The Website and our Services are made available by various companies in the Freshworks group of companies (each a “
Group Company
”).
Where this Privacy Notice refers to “
Freshworks
”, “
we
”, “
us
, “
our
”, this means one or more of the particular Group Companies that provide the particular Website, Mobile Application, Newsletter or Services to you, recruits you, uses testimonials from you, sends marketing communications to you, hosts an event you visit, or organizes a program in which you participate.For the purposes of the GDPR and LGPD, the following Group Companies act as a data controller when the processing of your Personal Data is governed by the requirements of the GDPR or LGPD.
Location: United States
Freshworks Inc.
(company no: 4861858) is a company established under the laws of Delaware with its registered office at 16192 Coastal Highway, Lewes, Delaware 19958, USA and its principal business address can be found
here
.
Location: Germany
Freshworks GmbH
(company no: HRB 176669 B) is a company established under the laws of Germany and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: Netherlands
Freshworks Technologies B.V. (company no: 73582166) is a company established under the laws of the Netherlands and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: France
Freshworks SAS (company no: 842815581) is a company established under the laws of France and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: United Kingdom
Freshworks Technologies UK Limited (company no: 09338697) is a company established under the laws of England and Wales and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: India
Freshworks Technologies Private Limited (company no: U72200TN2010PTC078458) is a company established under the laws of India with its registered office at Module - 1 & 2, 1st Floor, Block B, No 40, Global Infocity Park, MGR Salai, Perungudi Chennai – 600096, Tamil Nadu, India
here
.
2. WHO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA ABOUT
We collect, process and store Personal Data about the following people:
Website visitors: If you browse our Website or contact us via our Website (Contact Sales) we will collect, process and store your Personal Data in connection with your interaction with us and our Website.
Users of our Services: If you use our Services, whether it is through our Website or our Mobile Applications, we will process your Personal Data for certain data analytics purposes and in order to offer, deliver and improve our Services.
Visitors to our Offices: If you visit our office, we may process Personal Data about you that you volunteer in connection with your visit and any enquiries you make. For example, you may volunteer Personal Data when signing in as a guest. CCTV footage may also be collected for security purposes.
Recipients of marketing communications from us: If you are a potential lead or existing customer, we may process Personal Data about you in order to send you marketing communications.
Event attendees: If you register for, attend or take part in our events, webinars or contests hosted by us we will process Personal Data about you in connection with your attendance at the event. For example, we may ask you to complete a registration or feedback form, or other documents relating to the event.
Personnel that work for our Customers, partners and suppliers (including subcontractors and personnel who work for us as freelancers or contractors). If you (or your organization) are:
in receipt of services from us;
supply products or services to us; or
otherwise partner with us;
We may collect, process and store your Personal Data in connection with our provision of those Services to you, our receipt of those Services from you and/or our partnership. This may include Personal Data included in any email or telephone communications or recorded on any document relating to an order for the Services.
Job applicants: If you apply for a job with us, whether through our Website or otherwise, we will collect, process and store your Personal Data in connection with your application.
Shareholders: If you are a shareholder of our Group Companies, we will process your personal data in relation to your investment and for our reporting obligations.
We also make available a Market Place platform where individuals can download applications developed by Freshworks or by third parties (the “
Applications
”). This Notice will apply to our processing of your Personal Data during your use of the Applications when the Applications are provided by us, and the Application shall include a link to this Notice. When Applications are provided by a third party, the privacy statement of the relevant third party will apply.
Hosted Data
Some of our Services include processing of data on behalf of our Customers in relation to applications, tools or software that we provide (“
Hosted Data
”). Save for the limited circumstances set out in this Notice, we are not the data controller of this Hosted Data as we do not determine the purposes or the means of the processing. If you believe your Personal Data is being processed by us in this way, you should refer to the privacy notice of the data controller on whose behalf we are acting.
3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DOES FRESHWORKS COLLECT, HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON?
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
A) Personal Data we collect directly from you (“Collected Data”)
Purpose: providing you with the Services.
We may use, retain and process your Personal Data for the following purposes when providing our Services:
to provide the Services.
to administer your account (including when you subscribe and sign-up to any of our Services)
to assess the needs of your business to suggest suitable Services and respond to service requests, questions or concerns.
to facilitate your transactions with other users when you use our Services.
to prevent or respond to any misuse of our Services or Applications or any violations of our Terms and any applicable laws.
to collect subscription fees.
The data processed includes:
contact information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, IP address, geographic location, or phone number of the Account admin;
billing information, such as credit card number and billing address details about payments made between you and us; details of Services purchased from us;
name and e-mail address when Account admin/Agent(s) provide feedback from within the Service(s);
unique identifiers, such as username, account number or password
your feedback and survey responses; and
the content of any messages you send us, including, without limitation, messages transmitted via the Services, email, telephone, or via the Website (including web-based chat interfaces).
We process your Personal Data for these purposes based on our legitimate interests or a third party’s legitimate interest to ensure we provide our Services in an effective, safe and efficient way. Where we process your Personal Data to administer your account, or to the extent necessary to collect your subscription fees, we do so for the purposes of our contract with you.
Purpose: Recruitment, Freshworks Careers
. When you apply for an open position by either populating the application form, by email or by hard copy and whether submitted directly by you or by a third-party recruitment agency on your behalf, we will use such data to evaluate you for the open position that you have applied for or any position that we consider you suitable for at the time you submit your resume (application?) or at any later date. For the purposes of evaluating you for an open position, you understand that we may internally rate you based on parts of your resume (application?) and your information. If you do not wish to be rated by us, please do not provide us your information. The data processed includes:
contact information, such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and (subject to local laws) links to your social networking profiles;
any other information you volunteer, including during any interview or your interactions with us and contained in the resume that you submit to us;
personal data obtained from any third parties we work with in relation to our recruitment activities, including without limitation (and subject to local laws), recruitment agencies, background check providers, credit reference agencies and your referees; and
details of your education, qualifications and employment history, any other personal data which is contained in any reference about you that we receive. Such information may also include special categories of personal data (such as information about your health, any medical conditions and your health and sickness records) and information relating to criminal convictions and offences (only if that information is relevant to the role you are applying for and subject to local laws).
Subject to local laws, we may also use your personal data for the purpose of reviewing our equal opportunity profile in accordance with applicable legislation. We do not discriminate on the grounds of gender, race, ethnic origin, age, religion, sexual orientation, disability or any other basis covered by local legislation. All employment-related decisions are made entirely on merit. We will retain data from applications for a limited period for record keeping and legal (or, subject to local law, regulatory) purposes. We may (subject to the laws in your jurisdiction) also retain your data in order to contact you if a role arises for which we think you would be suitable. Further information about this will be provided during the application process and we will ask for consent where necessary according to local law.
Where we use your Personal Data in connection with recruitment, it will be in connection with us taking steps at your request to enter into a contract we may have with you or it is in our legitimate interest to use personal data in such a way to ensure that we can make the best recruitment decisions. We will not process any special (or sensitive) categories of Personal Data or Personal Data relating to criminal convictions or offences except where we are able to do so under applicable legislation or with your explicit consent.
Purpose: Freshworks hosting or managing Events and programs.
From time to time, we may organize and host events for the purpose of promoting our business or other reasons.
The data processed includes:
We may process your name, email address, designation and company name to communicate with you about such events where you have specifically requested information about such events or where we have another lawful basis for sending that information to you.
When you attend an event conducted by Freshworks, including webinars or seminars, we may collect your contact information such as name, e-mail address, phone number, designation and company name to record your attendance at the event and for related record-keeping purposes.
If you attend any user conferences hosted by us at a physical location where we serve food and other refreshments, we collect information about your food preferences and allergies.
You may also feature in photographs taken at our events and such photographs may appear in publications that we make available.
When you register for any of our programs through a registration form on our Site, we may collect information such as your name, e-mail address, company name, designation, company website URL, IP address, location and contact information.
It is necessary for us to use your Personal Data in this way to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you where you have signed up to attend an event, or it is in our legitimate interest or a third party’s legitimate interest to use Personal Data in such a way to ensure that the event is operated in a secure and effective way. We may specifically ask your permission to use your photographs, quotes, testimonials, or other content that you make available or publish at the event. Where this is the case, our processing of such Personal Data will be based on consent (or, if we enter into a contract with you for this purpose, on the performance of said contract)
Purpose: Prize draws, prize competitions and other promotions.
From time to time, we may run prize draws, prize competitions and other promotions on our Site and/or on our social media accounts.
The data processed includes:
For the purposes of administering such promotions, we may process:
your name, e-mail address, company name, designation, company website URL, IP address, location and contact information, banking details;
information about when your current or previous sessions started, IP address; browser type and operating system; geolocation, any other unique numbers assigned to a device and other data that is collected through your interactions with third party websites and services; and
any other personal data volunteered by you or that we ask for in relation to your promotion entry.
Our promotions are subject to separate terms and conditions, which you may be required to accept as a condition of entry.
It is necessary for us to use your personal data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you (e.g. the promotion terms and conditions) or it is in our legitimate interest to use your personal data to enable us to administer our promotion fairly and effectively and to ensure that we comply with self-regulatory codes governing the operation of promotions.
Purpose: Participation in Public forums, Community platform, Forms and use of your statements for testimonials.
When you visit or register our publicly accessible community forums and blogs or submit any forms on our Site, you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. We may post your testimonials/comments/reviews on our Websites which may contain your Personal Data. The data processed includes:
contact information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number;
information about your business, such as company name, company size, business type; and
a short bio about you to identify you as the author of the post.
We may post your testimonials/comments/reviews on our Websites which may contain your Personal Data. Where we use your content in connection with Services that we provide via our Website, it is in our legitimate interest to use any Personal Data that you provide to us to ensure that we provide the relevant Services in an effective way. Prior to posting the testimonial, we will obtain your consent to post your name along with the testimonial. If you do not consent, we are only allowed to use the testimonial in a fully anonymized way. If you want to revoke your consent and your testimonial to be removed, please contact us at support@freshworks.com. If we enter into a contract with you for this purpose, our legal basis may be the performance of said contract.
Purpose: Newsletters.
When you actively subscribe to our newsletters, we collect and store your e-mail address to share our newsletters with you.
If you have requested content from us, i.e. a newsletter, it is in our legitimate interest to use your Personal Data in such a way to ensure that we process your request in an effective way.
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads - sending marketing communications by post and/or email.
The data processed includes: We use your name, email address, job title; and organization that you represent, social media handle and details of any marketing preferences that you have communicated to us to send you (or the organization you represent) marketing communications by post and/or email. Our marketing will include press releases and information about us, our Website and our Services, any events we may hold and any offers or promotions we offer from time to time. Our marketing communications will include personalized and non-personalized marketing. Personalized marketing has been specifically tailored to you and will include content that we think is most relevant to you, based on what we know about you. We may use technology to do this, but generally all our marketing methods involve human intervention. Non-personalized marketing is marketing that is not tailored to you. Where we are sending you personalized marketing, we may also use other types of Personal Data to help us decide what sort of personalized marketing to send you (please see the “Cookies and Similar Technologies”, “Usage Data” and “Mobile Applications” sections below for more details).
In the UK, EU and Brazil we will rely on your consent when sending marketing communications. Otherwise, it is in our legitimate interest to use your Personal Data for marketing purposes, for example to decide what marketing content we think may appeal to you or for postal or email marketing (except where we are required by applicable law to obtain your consent).
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads: Online personalized marketing. The data processed includes:
We and our third party partners may use your data relating to your behaviors, interests and preferences, including data collected as a result of your browsing activity and/or interaction with our Website and/or our emails, which is obtained through the use of cookies, pixel tags and other similar technologies; information about when your current or previous sessions started, IP address; browser type and operating system; geolocation, any other unique numbers assigned to a device and other data that is collected through your interactions with third party websites and services to provide you with, and analyze the effectiveness of, personalized ads when you visit other websites and/or use other services (including the social media and other platforms described in the “
advertising to you on social media and other platforms
” section. By “personalized ads”, we mean advertisements for services that you have shown an interest in when you have used our Website or which we or our partners otherwise think you might be interested in based on your browsing habits. Note, our third-party partners may also use the data that is collected to show personalized ads for products and services offered by third parties.
Please see the “
Cookies and Similar technologies
” section to learn about the legal basis that we rely on to collect data via the use of cookies. https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/ Where we use your personal data to display online personal advertising to you, we rely on the consent that you have provided in respect of the collection of such data, or, subject to local law, it is otherwise in our legitimate interests to promote our Website and our Services to you.
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads - advertising to you on social media and other platforms.
We share your email address and other identifiers such as your phone number or device ID (usually in an encrypted or ‘hashed’ form) with third-party providers of social media platforms and other services, such as [Facebook, LinkedIn] and other similar platforms (“
Social Platforms
”), so that the third party providers can try to “match” your data with the data of their registered users of their Social Platforms. Where there is a successful match, we will display our advertising to you when you use the relevant Social Platform (e.g. on your Facebook newsfeed). This is known as “custom audience” advertising, because we “customize” the audience that we want to reach on the relevant service. Some of the advertising that you see may be personalized to you.
The data that we use to personalize our advertising, will include:
Data relating to your browsing activity or interaction with our emails, obtained through the use of cookies, pixel tags and other similar technologies; information about when your current or previous sessions started; details about any products you viewed through the Site; and
IP address; browser type and operating system; geolocation; any other unique numbers assigned to a device.
Such data used to personalize advertising will not be provided to the third-party providers of the Social Platforms for this purpose but please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section for details of where we may share such data. This activity is also subject to the privacy choices you have elected to make on such Social Platforms.
We will only share your Personal Data with the third-party providers of the Social Platforms, so that we can advertise our Services to you when you use those Social Platforms, where you have provided your consent or where it is otherwise in our legitimate interests to do so in order to promote our Services. Where this activity is undertaken through the use of Cookies, please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section) to learn about the legal basis that we rely on. You can opt-out of our sharing of your personal information with the third-party providers by exercising your
rights as a data subject
as set out below.
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads - advertising to other people who share similar interests and characteristics to you (or if you are someone that sees such advertising).
We will provide your Personal Data to third-party providers of Social Platforms as described in the “
advertising to you on social media and other platforms
” and the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” sections. If you are a user of those Social Platforms, we may ask the third-party providers of those Social Platforms to find other registered users of their services who share similar interests and characteristics to you, which will be based on information that the third party holds about you and its other registered users. This is known as “lookalike” audience advertising because we are trying to show our advertising to people who “look like” you. If you are someone who has seen this advertising on a Social Platform, please note that this activity is based on data that you have provided to the Social Platform (which we do not receive) and is also subject to the privacy choices you have elected to make on such third-party services.
Please see the “
advertising to you on social media and other platforms
” section for details of the lawful basis that we rely on to share your personal data with the Social Platforms. It is in our legitimate interests to further use your Personal Data to advertise our Services to other individuals that use those Social Platforms and who share similar interests and characteristics with you. If you are someone who has seen this advertising on a Social Platform, it is in our legitimate interests that the Social Platform uses the data that you have provided to it to advertise our Services, although please note that we do not receive this data and you should exercise your rights in respect of such data in accordance with the privacy notice of the relevant Social Platform.
Purpose: Service Analytics.
We perform analytics on Personal Data that we process in order to: provide the Services, assess the needs of our Customer’s business to determine or suggest suitable Service(s); send Customers requested information about the Service(s) and improve the quality of this information; respond to customer service requests, questions and concerns and improve the quality of these responses; and for product improvement purposes. The data processed includes: Email addresses; mobile or landline telephone numbers; IP address; chat identifiers and chat content (including the contents of chatbot sessions); widgets. As set out above we are generally not a data controller of any Hosted Data – i.e. data which we process on behalf of our customers.  However, some Hosted Data may be used as part of our analytics for the above purposes.
It is necessary for us to use your Personal Data in this way to fulfil our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you to provide our Services. It is also in our legitimate interests to process Personal Data in this way in order to perform analytics, train our algorithms, improve, enhance, develop, support and operate the Services and its availability, compile statistical reports and record insights into usage patterns, develop new products and services using machine learning technologies and more generally to better serve our Customers and be able to provide customized content and features.
Purpose: Cookies and Similar Technologies, Mobile Applications, Usage Data, Single Sign on and Social Media.
We use commonly used tools to automatically collect information that may contain Personal Data from your computer or mobile device as you visit our Websites, use our application or in general use our Services.
a) Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We and our third-party advertising partners use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and similar technologies (which we generically refer to as ‘cookies’) to collect data from the devices that you use to access our Website. Data collected via these cookies are used for the purposes of:
analyzing trends;
administering the Website;
to count users who have visited our Site and collect other types of information including insights about visitors’ browsing habits on the Websites;
gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole;
to learn what parts of our Website are most popular and what kind of features and functionalities our visitors like to see;
to help us understand the type of marketing content that is most likely to appeal to our visitors and Customers; and
to help us with the selection of future product and service lines, website design and to remember your preferences.
We may receive reports from third party companies based on the use of these technologies on an individual and aggregated basis. Most web browsers support cookies and users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Websites and Services. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our Websites (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We link this automatically collected data to other data we collect about you. Please see our
Cookies Policy
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
for further information about our use of Cookies and similar technologies.
Cookies and Similar Technologies:
Where your data is collected through the use of non-essential cookies, we rely on consent to collect your personal data and for the onward processing purpose. Please see our Cookie Policy
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
for further details.
b) Mobile Applications.
When you download, install and use our Mobile Applications, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or “UDID”). We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This Software may record certain information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal data you submit within Mobile Applications. When you open the Mobile Applications for the first time, you may be asked for permission to send you push notifications. If you allow this feature, our Mobile Applications will send you push notifications, for example, reminders, alerts, updates and other information. You can configure and turn off push notifications via your device settings at any time.
Mobile Applications:
Functionality: It is in our legitimate interest to use the data collected here in order to send error messages (if applicable) and in order to secure our Mobile Applications and to detect and resolve errors and cyberattacks. Mobile Analytics: Where we use mobile analytics software to understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone, we rely on our legitimate interests in order to secure our Mobile Applications and ensure the proper functioning of our Mobile Applications and ensure the effective provision of our Services. Where this involves the use of cookies, please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section) to learn about the legal basis that we rely on.
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
Push notifications: In the UK, EU and Brazil, where we send push notifications about any events or promotions that we may be running and/or update you about new features to our Services we will do so on the basis of your consent. Otherwise, we will rely on our legitimate interests in doing so.
c) Usage Data.
In addition to the information mentioned in the
Cookies and Similar Technologies
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
section above that we automatically collect, we also collect clicks, scrolls, conversion and drop-off on our Websites and Service(s) to monitor user journey in real-time (“
Usage Data
”). Subject to this Notice, we will use such Usage Data and Customer data, including without limitation, to (i) assess the needs of your business to determine or suggest suitable Services; (ii) send you requested information about the Services; (iii) respond to customer service requests, questions and concerns; (iv) for any analytical purposes; and (v) to provide and improves the Services.
For Freshcaller users only: your calls will be recorded, subject to the consent of both parties to the call, and this recording will be used for product improvement, including to train our applications to better recognize human speech.
For Freshchat, Freshworks and Freshmarketer customers: you will have the option to opt out of analytics or tracking certain events from within these products.
For FreshworksCRM users only: Your calls made using FreshworksCRM will be recorded, subject to the consent of both parties to the call, and this recording will be used for product improvement, including to train our applications to better recognize human speech. You will have the option to opt out of analytics or tracking certain events from within FreshworksCRM.
Analytics opt-out for products other than Freshchat, Freshworks and Freshmarketer: Customers may opt-out of analytics by writing to
dpo@freshworks.com.
Usage Data:
We will rely on our legitimate interests to process Usage Data for the purposes outlined, except for call recording which we base on consent exclusively. Where Usage Data is collected via cookies or similar technologies, please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section) to learn about the legal basis that we rely on.
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
d) Single sign-on.
You can log in to our Websites using sign-in services such as Google, Facebook Connect and LinkedIn. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data with us such as your name and e-mail address. Services like Google, Facebook Connect, Twitter, LinkedIn give you the option to post information about your activities on our Websites to your profile page and to share information with others within your network.
Single sign on:
Where you have opted to use single sign on – it is in our legitimate interest to process your Personal Data in order to facilitate the single sign on function.
e) Social media features and third-party cookies
. Our Websites include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button, the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs. Where you interact with these features, those third parties may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy notice of the company providing them. If the widget is shown on our Websites, our Privacy Notice applies.  Please see our
Cookies Policy
for further information. If you provide us or our service providers with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, including End-User data or your employee’s data, you represent that you have the authority to do so and acknowledge that it will be used in accordance with this Notice.
Social media features:
Where this activity is undertaken through the use of Cookies on our Website, we rely on consent to collect your personal data and for the onward processing purpose. Please see our Cookie Policy
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
for further details. Where we use social media features, we do so in line with the terms and conditions of those providers.
Purpose: Business administration and legal compliance.
We may use your Personal Data to: a) respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including meeting national security or law enforcement requirements; b) when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, police request or other legal process served on us; c) to protect the rights of third parties; and d) in connection with a business transition such as a merger, reorganization, acquisition by another company, or sale of any of our assets.
Where we use your Personal Data in connection with a business transition, to enforce our legal rights or to protect the rights of third parties, it is in our legitimate interest to do so. For all other purposes described in this section, we have a legal obligation to use your Personal Data to comply with any legal obligations imposed upon us, such as a court order. In some jurisdictions the applicable legal basis will be the exercise of legal rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration proceedings. We will not process any special (or sensitive) categories of Personal Data or Personal Data relating to criminal convictions or offences except where we are able to do so under applicable legislation and/ or with your explicit consent.
Purpose: Receipt of products and services from our suppliers.
If we have engaged you or the organization you represent to provide us with products or services (for example, if you or the organization you represent provide us with services such as IT support or financial advice), we will collect and process your Personal Data in order to manage our relationship with you or the organization you represent, to receive products and services from you or the organization you represent and, where relevant, to provide our Services to others.
The data processed includes:
The Personal Data we collect from you may include your name, email address, telephone number, designation, billing address and any other personal data you volunteer which is relevant to our relationship with you or the organization you represent.
It is necessary for us to use your Personal Data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you or the organization you represent, or it is in our legitimate interest to use Personal Data in such a way to ensure that we have an effective working relationship with you or the organization you represent and are able to receive the products and services that you or your organization provides, and provide our Services to others, in an effective way.
Purpose: Security.
We may process your Personal Data in connection with the administration of our security measures. We have security measures in place at our premises, including CCTV and building access controls. There are signs in place showing that CCTV is in operation. The images captured are securely stored and only accessed on a need to know basis (e.g. to look into an incident). CCTV recordings are typically automatically overwritten after a short period of time unless an issue is identified that requires investigation (such as a theft). We may require visitors to our premises to sign in on arrival and where that is the case we will keep a record of visitors for a short period of time – normally only for as long as is necessary for legitimate security purposes. Our visitor records are securely stored and only accessible on a need-to-know basis (e.g. to look into an incident).
It is in our legitimate interests to process your Personal Data so that we can keep our premises secure and provide a safe environment for our personnel and visitors.
What Personal Data we collect and how we use your Personal Data?
What legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data?
B) Information that we collect from third parties.
From time to time, we may receive Personal Data about you from third party sources like databases and social media but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent to or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. The types of information we obtain from such third parties include your name, e-mail address, postal address, location, designation, telephone number and we use the information we receive from these third parties to maintain and improve customer support experience, improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you and for our sales and marketing purposes.
When processing your Personal Data received by third parties for these purposes, we will rely on the consent that you have given such third party to share data with us. Otherwise, subject to local law, our processing activities will rely on our legitimate interests to improve our customer service and ensure our marketing databases are accurate.
4. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA?
We process Personal Data in the countries in which we are established, including the United States, the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in other countries where third parties that we may use are based.
You may refer to the Freshworks Data Hosting page
here
for more information about the locations in which the Hosted Data (i.e., that which we process as a Processor during the provision of our Services) is stored.
When processing your Personal Data, we may need to share it with other third parties (including other entities within our Group Companies), as set out below. This list is non-exhaustive and there may be circumstances where we need to share Personal Data with other third parties:
With third parties assisting Freshworks in providing our Customers with the Service(s) (“
Sub-Processors
" listed
here
). Our Sub-Processors are given access to Customers’ Account and Customer data only as reasonably necessary to provide the Service(s) and will be subject to confidentiality obligations in their service agreements;
With third party service providers providing us with services, such as research and analytics, anti-spamming and anti-phishing services, marketing and data enrichment or for them to reach out to you on our behalf;
With third party payment processors who process your credit card and other payment information for Freshworks but who are otherwise not permitted to store, retain or use such information;
With third party partners for the purpose of assisting us in onboarding you and providing any further support needed to use our Services;
With sponsors of contests for which you register;
With third-party service providers that are assisting us with the operation and administration of events. If we are running an event in partnership with other organizations, we will share your Personal Data with such organizations for use in relation to the event;
With third-party social media networks, advertising networks and websites;
With external recruiters, and related organizations such as third-party providers that undertake employee background checks on our behalf and on behalf of other entities within our Group Companies;
With auditors, lawyers, accountants and other professional advisers who advise and assist us in relation to the lawful and effective management of our organization and in relation to any disputes we may become involved in;
Law enforcement or other government and regulatory agencies and bodies or other third parties as required by, and in accordance with, applicable law or regulation;
With Affiliates within Freshworks and companies that we will acquire in the future when they are made part of the Freshworks group – this may be for customer support, marketing, technical operations, account management or organizational purposes and to provide, enhance and improve the Services;
If we are involved in a merger, reorganization or other fundamental corporate change with a third party, or sell/buy a business unit to/from a third party, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by a third party, with such third party including at the due diligence stage;
Other third parties - Occasionally, we may receive requests from third parties with authority to obtain disclosure of Personal Data, such as to check that we are complying with applicable law and regulation, to investigate an alleged crime, or to establish, exercise or defend legal rights. We will only fulfil requests for Personal Data where we are permitted to do so in accordance with applicable law or regulation.
When you connect your Gmail mailbox with your Freshworks Account (see section 14 (Google API Disclosure) below).
Where necessary (such as when we transfer data to service providers) we put in place appropriate contractual arrangements and security mechanisms to protect the Personal Data shared and to comply with our data protection, confidentiality and security standards and obligations. Further details can be provided upon request.
5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF DATA
Freshworks complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). Freshworks has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Freshworks has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Model Clauses:
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the UK and/or European Authorities which give Personal Data the same protection it has in the UK and the EEA. For further details, see
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data- transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en
.
This is true whether or not the transfer is within our group, or to a third party.
With respect to Personal Data received or transferred to the United States, Freshworks is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
With respect to Personal Data subject to LGPD’s jurisdiction, Freshworks will also accomplish LGPD’s requirements for transfers of Personal Data to countries which do not have the same data protection laws.
In certain situations, Freshworks. and/or its Group Companies may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you can contact us at
dpo@freshworks.com
or via postal mail at Freshworks Inc., 2950 S. Delaware Street, Suite 201, San Mateo, CA 94403 at the attention of the Data Protection Officer with a copy to
dpo@freshworks.com
.
6. HOW DOES FRESHWORKS KEEP PERSONAL DATA SECURE?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the Personal Data that we collect and process. We have implemented information security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the Personal Data under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification and unlawful destruction or accidental loss. In addition, all our employees and data processors (i.e. those who process your Personal Data on our behalf) are obliged to respect the confidentiality of the Personal Data of all users of our Website and those who purchase our Services. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Data.
While information security risks are always evolving, so are the controls. The controls, so implemented, are periodically reviewed as part of internal and external audits. If you have questions about the security of your Personal Data, please contact us using the details in section 18.
7. EEA, UK AND SWISS SPECIFIC RIGHTS
A) Collected Data (excluding Hosted Data)
If you are an individual resident in EEA, UK or Switzerland, you have the following data protection rights regarding Collected Data:
If you wish to
exercise an
y of the following rights in relation to your Personal Data (hereinafter referred to as a “
Request
”), you can do so at any time by contacting us using the details in section 18:
Your right of access
If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may charge a reasonable fee for producing those additional copies.
Your right to rectification
If the Personal Data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you who we have shared your Personal Data with so that you can contact them.
Your right to erasure
You can ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it or where you withdraw your consent (where applicable). If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, we will also tell you who we have shared your Personal Data with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to restrict processing
You can ask us to “block” or suppress the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances such as where you contest the accuracy of that Personal Data, or you object to us processing it for a particular purpose. This may not mean that we will stop storing your Personal Data but, where we do keep it, we will tell you if we remove any restriction that we have placed on your Personal Data to stop us processing it further. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the restriction where it is possible for us to do so. If you ask us, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, we will also tell you who we have shared your Personal Data with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to data portability
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to obtain Personal Data you have provided to us (in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format) and to reuse it elsewhere or to ask us to transfer it to your chosen third party.
Your right to object
You can ask us to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so, if we are: (i) relying on our own or someone else’s legitimate interest to process your Personal Data, except if we can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for the processing; or (ii) processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Your rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automatic processing, including profiling, if it produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you, unless such profiling is necessary for the entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us.
Your right to withdraw consent
If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Your right to opt out of marketing communications
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing communications
we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), please contact us using the details in section 18.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
If you have a concern about any aspect of our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your Personal Data, please contact us using the details in section 18. You also have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
in the Member State of your residence or the place of the alleged infringement. You can find a list of contact details for all EU supervisory authorities at
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
. The UK data protection regulator is the Information Commissioner’s Office and contact details can be found at https://ico.org.uk.
If you are residing in France: your right to give instructions regarding the processing of your data after your death
You have the right to give instructions regarding the retention, deletion and disclosure of your Personal Data after your death. You may designate a person to carry out these instructions. This person is then entitled to be informed of the directives and to request their implementation from us.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights within a reasonable timeframe in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We can only process requests after we have verified your identity, which may mean requesting further information from you.
B) Hosted Data
As explained above, some of our Services include processing data on behalf of our customers in relation to Applications, tools or software that we provide. Save for the limited circumstances set out in this Notice, we are not the Data Controller of this Hosted Data as we do not determine the purposes or the means of the processing.
If you wish to access, correct, update, modify or delete Hosted Data or if you would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Customers you should direct your query to the Customer, who is the Data Controller of your data. If requested by the Customer to action a Request, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
If you are a Customer of our Services and wish to raise a Request on behalf of data subjects in connection with Hosted Data, you may raise a ticket on the support portal of the relevant Service. Please note that if a Customer has subscribed to more than one Service, a Request on a particular Service support portal is specific to that Service only and separate Requests need to be raised across other relevant Service support portals.
C) General Compliance
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Freshworks commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Freshworks in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via dpo@freshworks.com. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Freshworks cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to co-operate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. As further explained in Annex I of DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Freshworks is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
8. CALIFORNIA-RESIDENT SPECIFIC RIGHTS
Your California Privacy Rights; “Shine the Light” Law
California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share your personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
California Consumer Privacy Act
To the extent you are a 'consumer' as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and Freshworks is a 'business' as defined under CCPA, the following applies to you:
Under the CCPA, “personal information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Subject to the provisions of the CCPA, consumers have the rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information about them, as well as rights to know/access, delete, correct, and limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information and opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. You have the right to be free from discrimination based on your exercise of your CCPA rights. To the extent that we collect personal information that is subject to the CCPA, that information, our practices, and your rights are described below.
Notice at Collection Regarding the Categories of Personal Information Collected
You have the right to receive notice of certain information about our data collection, use, and disclosure. Freshworks does not sell personal information as defined by the CCPA. The following table summarizes the categories of personal information we may collect that may be disclosed to service providers. Freshworks does share personal information (as defined by the CCPA) as explained below the following table. The categories we use to describe personal information are those enumerated in the CCPA.
We may collect this personal information for the purposes described in the section above titled
'WHAT PERSONAL DATA DOES FRESHWORKS COLLECT, HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON.'
Category
Source
Identifiers (such as contact information or personal characteristics like name, email address or postal address, or social media handles)
You; our social media pages
Health Information (such as protected health information or physical or mental health status)
You
Financial Information (such as payment data, bank account information, or credit information)
You
Protected Classifications and Other Sensitive Data (such as date of birth or gender)
You
Commercial Information (such as transaction information, billing and payment records, or order history)
You
Biometric Information (such as fingerprint, voiceprint, facial recognition, or eye recognition)
You
Geolocation Information (such as approximate location based on your IP address)
You
Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information (such as IP address, device identifier (e.g. Mac), cookie or tracking pixel information, browsing or search history, or diagnostic information)
You
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information (such as call recordings, photographs, or video)
You
Professional or Employment-Related Information (such as current employer or job title)
You
Education Information (such as education history and level of education)
You
Inferences Drawn About You (such as user profile reflecting preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, or predispositions)
You
Content of Communications (such as contents of phone calls, emails, text messages, or photos)
You
Contacts (such as list of contacts you supply to us or that we may collect from your device with your permission)
You
We may share the categories of Identifiers, Geolocation Information (coarse location only), and Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information as described above with advertising partners.
We determine the retention period for each of the categories of personal information listed above based on (1) the length of time we need to retain the information to achieve the business or commercial purpose for which it was obtained, (2) any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to such information, (3) internal operational needs, and (4) any need for the information based on any actual or anticipated investigation or litigation.
Entities to whom we disclose information for business purposes are service providers, which are companies that we engage to conduct activities on our behalf. We restrict service providers from using personal information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or that you provide as described in this privacy notice:
To our Group Companies
To the following categories of service providers who are bound by law and contractual obligations to keep your personal information confidential. Service providers may use information that we share with them only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them and as otherwise permitted by law.
Payroll services providers that assist us in calculating and disbursing your salary and other compensation.
Auditing and accounting firms, such as firms that assist us in the creation of our financial records.
Professional services consultants, such as firms that perform analytics, assist with improving our business, provide legal services, or supply project-based resources and assistance.
Recruitment vendors that assist with the application process, including assessing candidate qualifications and providing the platform through which candidates submit their candidacy.
Analytics services, including entities that analyze traffic to and on our website and assist with identifying and communicating with potential customers.
Security vendors, such as entities that assist with security incident verification and response, service notifications, and fraud prevention.
IT vendors, such as entities that assist with website design, hosting and maintenance; data and software storage; and network operation.
To other external parties when required by law or to protect Freshworks or other persons, as described in this privacy notice.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Freshworks’ assets or capital stock, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or a similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Freshworks about our employees, workers and contractors is among the assets transferred. If this happens, the recipient of the personal information will continue to honor the promises made in this privacy notice, or else provide you notice of any changes.
Your rights under the CCPA
Know and request access to and correction and deletion of personal information:
You have the right to request access to personal information collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with to whom we sell or disclose it. You also have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete personal information that we have collected directly from you or correct information that we have collected about you.
Right to opt out of selling/sharing personal information:
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information to, and the sharing of your personal information with, third parties. Please note that the right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of data with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are legally and contractually obligated to use the data only for that function.
In case you would like to exercise this right please go
here
.
Right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information:
You have the right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information that we use to infer characteristics about you. If you exercise this right, we may still use and disclose sensitive information about you for limited purposes.
Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia
Residents of the States of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia have the following rights:
Opt out of “sales” of personal information and use of their personal information for “targeted advertising,
” as those terms are defined under applicable law.
Opt out of “profiling
” under certain circumstances, as defined under applicable law. (Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia only.)
Confirm processing of and access to personal information
under certain circumstances.
Correct personal information
under certain circumstances. (Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia only.)
Delete personal information
under certain circumstances.
Residents of these states can exercise their rights by contacting us using one of the methods listed below.
How to submit an opt-out, access or deletion request:
If you seek to exercise the foregoing rights to access, correct, or delete Personal Information, please contact us at
dpo@freshworks.com
or write to us
here
. We respond to all requests we receive from you wishing to exercise your rights within a reasonable timeframe in accordance with applicable data protection laws. By writing to us, you agree to receive communication from us seeking information from you in order to verify you to be the consumer from whom we have collected the Personal Information and such other information as reasonably required to enable us to honor your request.
If you are a resident of California, Colorado, or Connecticut, you may, under certain circumstances, authorize another individual or a business, called an authorized agent, to make requests on your behalf. (Authorized agents in California must be registered with the California Secretary of State.) The request should include your contact information and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. In addition, you should provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected the personal information or an authorized representative of that person. In order to protect the security of your personal information, we will not honor a request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. The method used to verify your identity will depend on the type, sensitivity, and value of the information, including the risk of harm to you posed by any authorized access, correction, or deletion. Generally speaking, verification will be performed by matching the identifying information provided by you to the personal information that we already have.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request (and will not be made more than twice in a 12-month period). If we cannot comply with a request, or cannot fully comply with a request, the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply.
Appeals
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia have the right to appeal a denial of their request by contacting us as described in the notice of denial.
9. LGPD
The LGPD grants control and self-determination to data subjects and provides compliance responsibilities for organizations such as Freshworks in regard to personal data whose data subject is located within Brazilian territory at the moment of data collection or to any offering or providing of goods or service for individuals located within Brazilian territory. The LGPD gives national regulators powers to impose significant fines and indemnification liabilities on organizations that breach this law. All content of this notice and Freshworks’s processing of personal data are in strict compliance with LGPD, where applicable. At Freshworks we take a global approach to ensure all members benefit from increased control and clarity, which is in line with our commitment to putting our Customers first and working every day to maintain the trust they put in us.
LGPD grants the following rights to those individuals subject to its jurisdiction:
Confirmation of data processing and access
You have the right to know and have access to the data we process about you.
Data correction
You have the right to request a correction of any incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data of yours that we process.
Anonymization, blocking or deletion
You have the right to request anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary or excessive data or of any data being processed contrary to the law.
Data portability
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to reuse the Personal Data you have provided to us elsewhere or to ask us to transfer it to your chosen third party.
Information on data sharing
You have the right to be informed about the public and private entities with which we may share your Personal Data.
Withdraw Consent
If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time, for all or part of the data. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent, in case which (as other applicable situations) you have the right to know what data we can retain.
You also have the right to know what the consequences of you withdrawing consent will be (for example, if it will prevent you from receiving a service).
File a complaint
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your Personal Data. The Brazilian data protection regulator is the Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados and contact details can be found at
https://www.gov.br/anpd/pt-br.
10. OPTING OUT PROCEDURE
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Freshworks commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Freshworks at: support@freshworks.com.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from Freshworks, you may click on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our marketing emails or you can contact us at
support@freshworks.com
. When using our Mobile Applications, you also have the option to turn off push notifications.
If you would like to object to the use of your Personal Data for analytics, you can contact us at
support@freshworks.com
To opt out of the use of cookies, please see update your preferences
here
.
You have the right to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties
for purposes not essential to the delivery of our services. To exercise this option, you can contact us at
support@freshworks.com
.
We will only process sensitive personal data with your explicit, affirmative consent. This includes any data related to health, ethnicity, political opinions, or similar categories.
If we receive sensitive personal data from third parties, we will treat such data with the same safeguards and restrictions applied to data collected directly from individuals.
11. OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
If you are our Customer, we will send you announcements (email or in product notifications related to the Services) on occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our Services are temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an e-mail. Generally, you may not opt-out of such communications as they are a key part of delivering our Services to you effectively. If you do not wish to receive them, you may deactivate your Account.
12. RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
We will retain Personal Data only as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected, as set out in this Notice. We will also retain it as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, for legal and litigation purposes, to maintain accurate financial and other records, deal with complaints, and enforce our agreements.
Generally, in respect of Personal Data that we process in connection with the supply of our Services, we may retain your Personal Data for up to six years from the date of supply of the relevant Services and in compliance with our data protection obligations. We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
Where we process any other Personal Data, we will generally retain relevant Personal Data for up to three years from the date of our last interaction with you (and in compliance with our data protection obligations). We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
If any Personal Data is only useful for a short period (e.g., for a specific activity, promotion or marketing campaign), we will not retain it for longer than the period for which it is used by us. If you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we will need to retain certain Personal Data on a suppression list indefinitely so that we know not to send you further marketing communications in the future. However, we will not use this Personal Data to send you further marketing unless you subsequently opt back in to receive such marketing.
Should you apply to work for us, we will retain data from your application for a limited period for record keeping and legal purposes. We may (subject to the laws in your jurisdiction) also retain your data in order to contact you if a role arises for which we think you would be suitable. Further information about this will be provided during the application process and we will ask for consent where necessary according to local law.
The above examples may vary in some cases due to local laws, liability periods and mandatory retention requirements. For example, if certain information needs to be retained for longer according to local laws, regulations or because different legal limitation periods apply, then we will keep the Personal Data for these longer periods.
13. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Websites contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by Freshworks. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Websites and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects Personal Data.
14. GOOGLE API DISCLOSURE
Freshworks has developed a functionality that allows its customers to connect their Gmail mailbox using Oauth with our products. Connecting your Gmail mailbox to your Freshworks account allows Freshworks to associate your account with your personal information on Google, to see your personal information, including any personal information you have made available, to view your email address and access your emails in order to create them as a ticket in our products, and to transmit the Customer data to third-party applications listed on
Freshworks’ Marketplace
that you integrate with your Account. The connection will further allow you to respond to your emails directly from our product and to delete them once they are fetched into our product.
Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or ML models.
Freshworks's use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy's App's
, including the Limited Use requirement.
15. CHILDREN'S PERSONAL DATA
Freshworks does not knowingly collect any Personal Data from children under the age of sixteen. If you are under the age of sixteen, please do not submit any Personal Data through our Websites or Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Notice by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data through our Services or Websites without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of sixteen has provided Personal Data to us through our Websites or Services, please contact us using the details in section 18 and we will endeavor to delete that information and terminate the child's account from our databases.
16. AMENDMENTS
Amendments to this Notice will be posted to this URL and will be effective when posted. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a conspicuous notice on this Website or via e-mail or via in-product notification, but we encourage you to review this Notice periodically to keep up to date on how we use your Personal Data. You should frequently visit this Notice to stay fully informed. Your continued use of our Websites or the Service(s) following the posting of any amendment, modification, or change to this Notice shall constitute your acceptance of the amendments to this Notice. You can choose to discontinue use of the Websites or Service(s), if you do not accept the terms of this Notice, or any modified version of this Notice.
17. EFFECT OF MERGER OR ACQUISITION
In the event Freshworks goes through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, Customers’ Accounts, Collected Data and Customer data will likely be among the assets transferred. A prominent notice will be displayed on our Websites to notify you of any such change in ownership or control and Customers will be notified via an e-mail.
18. CONTACTING FRESHWORKS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, you can contact us at dpo@freshworks.com or via postal mail at Freshworks Inc., 2950 S.Delaware Street, Suite 201, San Mateo, CA 94403 at the attention of the Data Protection Officer with a copy to
dpo@freshworks.com
.
Annex 1 – Definitions
"Controller", "Data Subject", "Personal Data Breach", "Processor"
and
"Process"
shall have the meaning given to them in the GDPR or other applicable law.
“Account”:
means any accounts or instances created by or on behalf of Customer for access to and use of any of the Service(s).
“Affiliate”:
means, with respect to a Freshworks entity, any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Freshworks entity, whereby
“control”
(including, with correlative meaning, the terms “controlled by” and “under common control”) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct, or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.
“API”:
means the application programming interfaces developed, enabled by, or licensed to Provider that permits a User to access certain functionality provided by the Service(s).
“Apps”:
mean the software applications listed on the Market Place which are created, developed, licensed, or owned by third-party developers. The term also includes any updates, upgrades and other changes to such software applications and versions thereof.
“Documentation”:
means, the then-current, generally available user documentation provided by Freshworks detailing the functionalities of the Software and the Services.
"GDPR"
shall mean the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and any legislation relating to the processing of personal data effective in the UK and/or Switzerland that is intended to replicate or maintain some or all of the provisions, rights and obligations set out in Regulation (EU) 2016/679, as relevant.
“LGPD”
means “Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais”, which corresponds to the Brazilian data protection law no. 13.709/2018.
“Market Place”:
means an online marketplace for Apps that interoperate with the Service(s). Its Website(s) is
https://www.freshworks.com/apps/
.
“Mobile Applications”:
mean the software applications created, developed, and owned by Freshworks to enable access and use of the Service(s) through mobile or other handheld devices (such as apps on iOS or Android devices).
"Personal Data"
means, data relating to an individual who is or can be identified either from the data or from the data in conjunction with other information that is in, or is likely to come into, the possession of the data controller (as defined under applicable data protection laws).
“Processing”/“To Process”:
means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction.
“Customer Data":
means all electronic data, text, messages or other materials, including, without limitation, Personal Data of Users and End Users, submitted to the Services by Customer or its Users through Customer’s Account in connection with Customer’ use of the Services.
“Service(s)”:
means, the Freshworks software-based service offerings identified on the SOF and any Updates, including any Software, API or Documentation made available by Freshworks with such offering, but excludes any applications or APIs separately provided by third parties.
“Software”:
means the generally available software provided by Freshworks in connection with Customer’s use of the Services, and includes Mobile Apps, but excludes any applications or APIs that are provided by third parties.
“User”
: means, any individual who is authorized by Customer to use the Services, including an Account administrator, employees, consultants, contractors, and agents of Customer or its Affiliates, and third parties with which Customer or its Affiliates transact business.
Login to account
We make it fast and easy for your  to delight customers and employees.
Start new trial
We use cookies to track visitors, measure ads, ad campaign effectiveness and analyze site traffic. We may also share information about your use of our site with 3rd parties. For more info, see, our
Cookie Policy
and our
Privacy Policy
. By clicking on "
Cookie Preference Manager
" you can choose to enable only certain cookie categories. By clicking "Accept all" you agree to the storing of all cookies on your device.
Reject all
Accept all
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Advertising Cookies
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
Select All Hosts
Select All
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Apply
Confirm My Choices
Allow All