Get Checkmate
Download
Checkmate Savings Privacy Policy
Last updated October 22, 2024
Thank you for considering to be part of our community at Checkmate Savings, Inc ("Company", "we", "us", "our"). When you visit our website http://joincheckmate.com/ (the "Website"), and more generally, use any of our services, product page, mobile or web applications, or other digital products that link to or reference this Privacy Policy (collectively with the Website referred to as the "Services"), you may provide to us your personal information. In this Privacy Policy, we seek to explain to you clearly what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. Please take some time to read through it carefully, as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.
This privacy notice applies to all information collected through our Services (which, as described above, includes our Website), as well as, any related services, sales, marketing or events.
INDEX
TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR INFORMATION
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
U.S. STATE-SPECIFIC NOTICE
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
A NOTE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE
CONTACT US
1. TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
Information collected directly from you:
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you visit or register on the Website, use the Services, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services (such as by posting messages in our online forums or entering competitions, contests or giveaways) or otherwise when you contact us. The personal information we collect may include the following:
Account Registration and Login Details:
In order to register for the Services, we will ask you to provide us with your existing email address, like the email address associated with your Google, Microsoft, Yahoo!, Apple or other email provider account. We will collect your email address, your name, age, and your shopping preferences. All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Email Data:
If you grant Checkmate consent to securely access your email inbox, Checkmate will collect and store deals found in your inbox through direct inbox access granted by you in connection with the Services, as further described below. The purpose of this data collection is to create a better, more personalized customer experience for you and to identify products and services you may be interested in. If you login with or otherwise connect your Gmail account to access the Services, our collection of email data from your Gmail inbox via the Checkmate product falls under the 'reporting and monitoring' definition of the Google API restricted scope. Checkmate's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy, Google's Privacy Policy & Google's Terms of Service, including the Limited Use requirements.
'Checked' Merchant Service:
Checkmate offers a service called 'Checked By Checkmate' (available through the Shopify App Store) that enables merchants to create a Checkmate account, or otherwise synchronize the identity of Checkmate users with those of participating merchants in order to create customized incentives. This service utilizes pixel tags and tracking technologies placed on a merchant website in order for Checkmate to provide relevant offers from the merchant to Checkmate's users. Any information provided by an end user through a website visit to a participating merchant may be accessible by Checkmate for use with its promotional activities. To unsubscribe from this service, please visit: https://joincheckmate.com/network/email-preferences
Information automatically collected:
When You Grant Consent For Email Inbox Access
Checkmate may collect Personal Information contained in email data when you consent to provide us access credentials or tokens for your email accounts (eg; through Gmail, Microsoft, Apple, or Yahoo!). Checkmate systems first capture email header data (sender, recipient, date and subject, not message bodies), in encrypted form. Checkmate then applies proprietary logic to identify emails that:
Appear to be promotional content from retailers, online sellers, or merchants engaged in ecommerce that are in the Checkmate affiliate network ("Checkmate Merchant(s)"); or
Relate to other potential savings opportunities which are used in an aggregate and anonymous fashion for market research or media planning purposes.
The next step is to then scan the body copy of these select promotional emails which are then retrieved, decrypted and reviewed to notify you of potential savings opportunities from Checkmate Merchants through any of the marketing channels in which we communicate with you.
Occasionally, we may also decrypt the email header data so that we can make sure our proprietary logic is working properly or otherwise in compliance with Google's API requirements.
Checkmate does not use information collected from emails to serve interest-based advertising.
When You Use our Browser Extension
If you consent to install our Chrome or Safari browser extension We may automatically record certain information from your browser or device by using various types of technology, including pixel tags (aka; 'clear gifs' or 'web beacons'). This automatically collected information may include your IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, web pages or sites that you visit, order information, the content you view or interact with on our Services, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use our Services. We currently do not collect information about specific transactions, or any information that may be deemed 'sensitive' under various privacy laws through our browser extension.
We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened a message. This information is gathered from all users, and may be connected or combined with other information about you.
We also may collect browsing, product and e-commerce information, including but not limited to product pages viewed, pricing information, location data, purchase history on various merchant websites and services, the price you paid for items, whether a purchase was made, and the promotions that you used (including information regarding whether or not a coupon or coupon code is valid or effective). We may also collect information on coupons and other discounts that you found using our Services, even if you do not use such coupons, so that we may share this coupon and discount information with other users.
The Checkmate browser extension does not collect personal information associated with visits to websites deemed to be 'sensitive', such as those related to protected health information or banking.
When You Visit Our Website
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate our Services. This information may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies, including cookies to help us correctly attribute affiliate links. See below for more information about our use of cookies.
Information collected from other sources:
In order to enhance our ability to better identify products, offers and services that you may be interested in, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as affiliate networks, public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, social media platforms, market research providers as well as from other third parties. This information includes transactions, advertising or promotions engagements, mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, social media profiles, social media URLs and custom profiles.
If you interact with us on a social media platform using your social media account (e.g. Facebook or X/Twitter), we may receive information about you such as your name, handle, and gender. If you would like to opt out of sharing this information with us, please contact us directly.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process. When you consent to provide us with the email address associated with your email provider account (such as your Google, Microsoft, Apple or Yahoo! account), we use the information shared by those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the Services.
To identify products and services that you may be interested in, and provide you with customized or personalized advertisements and marketing offers.
To post testimonials. We post testimonials on our Website that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and the content of the testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at privacy@joincheckmate.com and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
To deliver and improve the Services and your overall user experience.
To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
To link or combine your information with other information.
To compare and verify information for accuracy and update our records.
To email, message, or otherwise contact you with information and updates about us and the Services.
To respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.
To send you information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
To analyze how you use the Services with tools such as Google Analytics and other tools to help us understand traffic patterns and know if there are problems with the Services.
In connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or similar transaction.
When required by law or to respond to legal process.
To protect our users, other individual lives, and/or the rights or property of Company.
To maintain the security of the Services.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use anonymous and/or aggregate information for any purpose.
3. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR INFORMATION
We share personal information in limited circumstances, as described below. In all circumstances, this does not include user-specific email activity from connected inboxes.
We shared personal information under the following circumstances;
With vendors and service providers that support our core business functions and internal operations, which may include:
database administrators.
cloud computing services.
payment processors, and application services providers.
With third parties that we have partnered with, such as to jointly create and offer a product, service or joint promotion.
To support our audit, compliance, and corporate governance functions.
In connection with a change of ownership or control of all or part of our business (such as a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or bankruptcy).
If we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to detect or protect against fraud or security issues.
If required or permitted by applicable law or regulation, including laws and regulations of the United States and other countries, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with a legal obligation or in response to a request from law enforcement or other public authorities wherever Company may do business; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Company; (c) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities; or (d) enforce our Terms of Service or otherwise protect against any legal liability.
With your consent or at your direction.
4. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The Services contains advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
5. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We will keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than three (3) months past the termination of the user's account.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
6. HOW WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
7. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
You have the right to:
Access the personal information we maintain about you.
Delete the personal information we maintain about you.
Mobile app users can delete their account and data at any time by opening the app, navigating to the settings page and clicking 'Delete my Account'. Deletion may take 24 hours to process.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
Correct the inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can log in to your account settings and update your user account.
Opt out of certain uses of your personal information.
Email Inbox Scanning: You can revoke Checkmate's access to your email inbox at any time by removing the 'Linked Inbox' through your mobile app profile settings.
Marketing Emails: To opt out of marketing e-mail communications, you may click the 'unsubscribe' link in the marketing emails
To opt-out of service-related emails, you may access your account settings and update your preferences.
Marketing Text Messages: To opt out of marketing text messages, you must reply 'STOP' to the text message.
Tailored advertising using email addresses, third-party pixel tags or cookies: Refer to the 'Cookies and other tracking technologies' section below for more information.
8. COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Like many companies, we use cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities, your interactions with our websites or emails, and to serve tailored ads on Checkmate or on our advertisers behalf through other websites. There are a number of ways to opt out of having your online activity and device data collected through these Services for our advertising purposes, which we summarize below.
Tailored advertising using your email address. If Checkmate has collected your email address, it may be used for tailored advertising on other websites, including through social media. To opt out of this use, please email us at privacy@joincheckmate.com
Blocking Cookies In Your Browser. Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies, including cookies used for interest-based advertising. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Advertising Industry Opt-Out Tools. You can also use these opt-out options to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising online or in apps by visiting http://optout.aboutads.info for U.S. residents, and https://www.youronlinechoices.ca for Canadian residents.
With Each of Our Vendors Individually. The following advertising or marketing service partners offer opt-out features that let you opt-out of use of your information for interest-based advertising or profiling:
Advertising-Related Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Shopify Ads - Shopify Ads Opt Out
Google - Google Advertising Opt Out
Impact - Impact Privacy Policy
Commission Junction (CJ) - CJ Privacy Notice
Please note that because these opt-out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt out on every browser and device that you use.
9. U.S. STATE-SPECIFIC NOTICE
Some U.S. states have enacted comprehensive privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act or "CPRA" (collectively, the "CCPA") These laws create additional privacy obligations for businesses and provide state-specific end users with additional privacy rights.
Additional Privacy Rights:
Checkmate discloses the categories of collected personal information above, as well as the business purposes. In addition to the rights granted above, if you are a resident of one of the states with specifically designated privacy rights you may have the right to:
Opt out of the 'sale or sharing' of your personal information for cross-contextual or targeted advertising purposes. We do not 'sell' or 'share' your personal information for monetary benefit. However, use of email addresses for targeted advertising, and some third party pixel tags or cookies placed on our website, merchant or advertiser websites or with targeted ads may be considered a 'sale or share' as used for our 'targeted' or 'cross-contextual' advertising campaigns under state privacy laws. You may opt out of such email or pixel tag use through the links provided above, through any controls offered by a Checkmate participating merchant, or by contacting us at privacy@joincheckmate.com.
Business/Controller Designation:
Checkmate operates as a 'Controller' (and a 'Business' under the CCPA).
10. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
The Services are not directed to individuals who are under age of eighteen (18) and we do not solicit nor knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of eighteen (18). If you believe that we have unknowingly collected any Personal Information from someone under the age of eighteen (18), please contact us immediately at privacy@joincheckmate.com and the information will be deleted.
11. A NOTE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
Our Company is based in the United States. The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the laws of Australia. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information.
12. UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated 'Last Updated' date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may elect to notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information. You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to our Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your information is subject to the updated Privacy Policy.
13. CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may contact us by email privacy@joincheckmate.com.
Mobile Terms of Service
Last updated: June 6, 2024
The Checkmate mobile message service (the "Service") is operated by Checkmate ("Checkmate", "we", or "us"). Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions ("Mobile Terms"). We may modify or cancel the Service or any of its features without notice. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these Mobile Terms at any time and your continued use of the Service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes.
By consenting to Checkmate's SMS/text messaging service, you agree to receive recurring SMS/text messages from and on behalf of Checkmate through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal Do Not Call list. Text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or other technology. Service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). Promotional messages may include promotions, specials, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders).
You understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with Checkmate. Your participation in this program is completely voluntary.
We do not charge for the Service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Check your mobile plan and contact your wireless provider for details. You are solely responsible for all charges related to SMS/text messages, including charges from your wireless provider.
You may opt-out of the Service at any time. Text the single keyword command STOP to Checkmate or click the unsubscribe link (where available) in any text message to cancel. You'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. No further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. If you have subscribed to other Checkmate mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms.
For Service support or assistance, text HELP to Checkmate or email support@joincheckmate.com.
We may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the Service at any time and will notify you of these changes. You acknowledge that any messages, including any STOP or HELP requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages.
The wireless carriers supported by the Service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. If you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the Service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or Service.
We respect your right to privacy. To see how we collect and use your personal information, please see our Privacy Notice.