This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Likeskin Limited uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
What data do we collect?
Our company collects the following data:
Personal identification information e.g. name, email address
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Likeskin Limited with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email
Use or view our website via your browser's cookies
How will we use your data?
Our company collects your data so that we can:
Process your order, manage your account
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you may like
Do we share your data?
We do not sell, trade or transfer your data to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who help us operate our website and business or service you.
Marketing
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Likeskin Limited from contacting you for marketing purposes.
To stop receiving marketing, please click unsubscribe on any email sent by us.
What are your data protection rights?
You have the right to request Likeskin Limited for copies of your personal data.
You have the right to request that Likeskin Limited correct any information you believe to be inaccurate.
You have the right to request that Likeskin Limited erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
Please email us at
help@likeskincare.com if you would like a copy, or to correct or erase your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We use advertising cookies so that we can understand what you are interested in.
Changes to our privacy policy
Likeskin Limited keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 24 March 2021.
Contact
Email us at help@likeskincare.com if you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or if you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights.