Privacy Policy
The Iconfactory takes privacy seriously and will always strive to protect your privacy and preserve the trust you place in us.
Wallaroo is owned, operated, and maintained by the Iconfactory, Inc. (“Iconfactory”, “the Iconfactory”, “us”, or “we”). This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that the Iconfactory and/or its third party service providers collect through the Wallaroo application (“Wallaroo” or “Application”). Data collected through your use of the Application is governed by this Privacy Policy. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using the Application.
By accessing or using Wallaroo, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you live or use the Application in, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your information in the United States and any other country where we operate. We may modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting on Wallaroo. Your continued use of this Application constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any modifications or updates thereto.
What We Collect
In order for you to make use of Wallaroo by the Iconfactory, we need to collect and/or process some information. Depending on your usage, that may include:
Your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
Details about your Wallaroo subscription if you are a subscriber.
Information you send to us (for example, when seeking support, sending us questions or comments, or reporting a problem).
What’s Private
This data will not be publicly displayed or revealed by us to others:
Your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
Details about your Wallaroo subscription if you are a subscriber.
Communications you send to us (unless sent in public such as via Twitter or after getting your permission).
We do not share personal information with third-parties except when necessary to provide services (such as any external services such as, but not limited to,
Apple’s iTunes Search API
).
We reserve the right to disclose personal information when doing so is deemed necessary to comply with the law or law enforcement, to prevent fraud or abuse, or to protect our legal rights.
Uses of Your Personal Information
We do not and will not sell your data.
On request, we will delete any personal information about you that we hold. Most information the app uses and holds is inaccessible to us on your own device and can be deleted at anytime by uninstalling the app.
On request, we will give you a copy of all the personal information about you that we may hold. This information is subject to a fee not exceeding the prescribed fee permitted by law.
We will protect all information we receive in accordance with this privacy policy.
Website Visitors
As is true of most internet services, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring and exit websites and applications, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, to improve our product and services, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. The Iconfactory may use this information in our marketing and advertising services.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We do not knowingly collect or maintain information on our servers from children under the age of 13. Wallaroo is designed for users over the age of 13; no part of the Application is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13 and we do not target our Application to children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not use or submit any data through the Application. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never use the Application or submit any data through the Application without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided data to us, please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our servers.
Information for European Union Customers
By using Wallaroo and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using the Application, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer
While we work hard to protect your data, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Updates
At times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy such as due to changes in the services we offer, Apple's policies and procedures, and/or the applicable laws of the United States. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, especially before you provide any information to Wallaroo.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated below. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on this website. As set forth above, your continued use of the Application after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your acceptance and agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the policies described in this statement, please email us directly at
webmaster@iconfactory.com
.
This policy went into effect on September 12, 2022.