Home
ABOUT US
▼
Who We Are
Leadership
Our Businesses
▼
Construction Services
▼
Al Shirawi Contracting: Waterproofing
Al Shirawi Electrical and Mechanical
Al Shirawi Interiors
Clima Uno
Leminar Global
Leminar Industries
Vision LabPro
Education
▼
Arcadia Education
Electronics
▼
Oasis Enterprises
Facilities Services
▼
Al Shirawi Contracting: Futureproofing
Al Shirawi Facilities Management
Al Shirawi Fire Fighting Solutions
Leminar ServicePro
Oasis Coils & Coatings
Healthcare
▼
Al Shirawi Healthcare
Logistics
▼
Global Shipping & Logistics
Metal Manufacturing
▼
Al Ghazal Iron Works
Oasis Metal Manufacturing
O.Fence
Oil & Gas
▼
Arabian Oasis
Aswan International Engineering
Silica Hill Middle East
Parking
▼
Secure Parking
Plastics
▼
Modern Plastic Industry
Printing and Packaging
▼
Emirates Printing Press
Renewables
▼
Al Shirawi Solar
Transport & Heavy Equipment
▼
Al Shirawi Enterprises
Al Shirawi Equipment
O.Reefers
O.Rentals
Thor
Al Shirawi Machinery
Al Shirawi Trading
Utilities
▼
Al Shirawi Infrastructure Construction
Vending & Payments
▼
Al Shirawi Vending Solutions (nove)
Water Treatment
▼
Clear Water Solutions
Technology and Innovation Hub
▼
Advance Oasis Technosoft
Get In Touch
Download Brochure
News and Events
Careers
E S G
Contact Us
Our Legacy
Supplier Login
Privacy Policy
We are fully committed to respecting the privacy of visitors to our Website and the security of information gathered on our Company Websites.
Information
In common with many companies, Oasis Investment both tracks and gathers information on this Website in order to provide a better service to visitors and to ensure that their visits match their needs as closely as possible. However, Oasis Investment will remain the sole owner of any such information and pledges not to share data that helps us to identify our visitors’ needs related to our Website and our services. Oasis Investment is the sole owner of the information tracked and gathered on this Website. We will never sell or share this information with third parties. Equally, any information gathered will not be shared unless explicitly stated in this policy or ordered by a court of law under whose jurisdiction Oasis Investment operates.
Registration
Visitors wishing to register on our site for various digital services – such as, but not limited to, e-newsletters or other documents – will be required to use data forms, which will capture standard user data such as user name, email address, etc. Such registration will be considered as voluntary consent to receiving relevant e-communications from Oasis Investment. However, any invitation to participate in surveys, competitions and similar activities will remain strictly voluntary for the user. Levels of email activity from Oasis Investment will depend on the type of subscription the user has voluntarily requested. In addition, users may provide further non-mandatory information to allow us to personalise their visits.
Cookies
Cookies are not linked to any personally identifiable information on the Oasis Investment site – cookie sessions end when the user shuts down the browser. All cookie information is automatically purged after two months. The use of cookies is not a prerequisite to using our site, although some features may require them. The sole purpose in gathering such information is to improve services offered and not to gather personal information that violates our privacy policy.
Shared Data Usage
Data that does not identify individuals, such as accumulated demographic data for statistical analysis will not be deemed to violate users’ privacy.
Links
Users should be aware that Websites that are linked to the Oasis Investment Website may have different privacy and information usage practices. Oasis Investment is not responsible for the policies of such Websites and users should establish for themselves the usage to which their information may be put on such linked sites.
Other Information Gathering
Temporary marketing activities on our Website such as events, competitions, surveys, etc., are subject to users’ understanding that disclosure of any personal data in order to participate is their responsibility. Such data will be used to provide the visitor with requested services and to improve our overall website activity.
Opting Out
Every email or e-newsletter sent by Oasis Investment gives the user the full ability to unsubscribe, change, edit or remove any information previously provided. Equally, any such communication always allows the recipient to unsubscribe from the relevant service in order not to receive any further messages. Within each email sent by Oasis Investment, you, the user will be able to unsubscribe by clicking on the unsubscribe link within one of our emails. This link will give you the option to unsubscribe from any one of our newsletters and edit or change your information.
Referral
Friends or colleagues told about our Website are sent one automated message inviting the recipient to visit the Website. No data of the recipient is stored.
Policy Change
Any changes to our privacy policy will be highlighted on our Website. Should we decide to use any previously gathered information in a different way than originally stated; users concerned will be emailed requesting the use of their data. Their wishes are fully respected. This is the only instance in which data gathered exclusively in accordance with the privacy policy may be changed.