We use cookies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content and targeted ads, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from.
I agree
Change my preferences
X
Notice
The Dubrovnik Cable Car is currently closed and will reopen on March 15, 2025.
Covid Safety
Home
Facilities
"Panorama" restaurant & bar
Amphitheatre
Ohrid Pearl Shop
Coin Blacksmithing Shop
Gallery
Virtual Walk
Activities
Museum Dubrovnik in Homeland War
Buggy Safari
Hiking Trail
Info
Prices and Timetable
Etiquette and Safety Rules
Interesting Facts
Technical Details
Press Corner
Blog
Boarding/Disembarking at the Lower Station
Download Mobile App
Our Location
Buy Tickets
Contacts
Cookie Consent by
FreePrivacyPolicy.com
The cable car is currently closed
Privacy policy
This is the website of the Cable car owned by the company Excelsa Real Estate Joint Stock Company, Sv. Đurđa 1, 20000 Dubrovnik, Croatia (hereinafter:  Excelsa Real Estate). Excelsa Real Estate, Dubrovnik Cable Car is available via, web contact form, e-mail address: info@dubrovnikcablecar.com and phone +385 20 414 355.
For each visitor (hereinafter: the Visitor) to website of the Excelsa Real Estate, Dubrovnik Cable Car (hereinafter: the Website), the Website server automatically recognizes its IP address, but only for overall usage and reporting. No data is stored that can personally identify the Visitor.  Excelsa Real Estate does not collect information about Visitors.
COOKIES
Cookies are small pieces of data sent from a Website and stored on the Visitor's hard drive by the Visitor's web browser while the Visitor is browsing. Cookies save data about individual visitors, such as the Visitor’s screen preferences, the pages of a site viewed by the Visitor, and the advertisements viewed or clicked by the Visitor. When the Visitor revisits the Website, Excelsa Realestate may recognize the Visitor by the cookie and customize the Visitor’s experience accordingly. Visitors may decline cookies, if any, by using the appropriate feature of their web client software, if available; however, this may impair certain features of the Website.
The Website uses data from Google Analytics for advertising marketing. This means the Visitor can see Excelsa Real Estate’s ads on the Google advertising network or on other websites which use this type of advertising. Cookies like Google Analytics cookies, or some other cookies like Facebook Pixel, are used to optimize the Visitor’s ad views on the pages he/she visits and track his/her visits to those pages. Based on the Visitor’s interests, data from Google advertising and third-party data (such as age, sex, interest) are used in combination with Google Analytics to better understand, measure, optimize and build audiences for advertising campaigns and to optimize site performance.
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
If the Visitor provides Excelsa Real Estate with his/her email address to collect information, he/she will receive only the information for which he/she entered his/her address. If the Visitor allows Excelsa Real Estate to provide him/her the information via e-mail, he/she will receive only the information he/she has requested.
The Visitor who leaves his/her phone number to Excelsa Real Estate to notify him on reservations, requests or information gathering, Excelsa Real Estate will inform him via that phone number.
Excelsa Real Estate guarantees that all personal information that the Visitor submits to Excelsa Realestate will be kept with the utmost care and will only be used for fulfilling the contract, fulfilling its legal obligations or for the purpose for which the Visitor has given the consent.
Visitor’s personal information can be used for other purposes than previously stated only if Excelsa Realestate informs the Visitor about it and gives him the possibility to reject it.
IDENTIFYING THE VISITOR
Excelsa Real Estate respects the Visitor’s privacy. Every communication between Excelsa Real Estate and the Visitor is considered strictly confidential. Excelsa Real Estate guarantees that all the information the Visitor provides to Excelsa Rea Eestate will be kept with the utmost care and will only be used for fulfilling the contract, fulfilling its legal obligations or for the purpose for which the Visitor has given the consent. Excelsa Real Estate does not sell or rent any personal information collected in communication with the Visitor.
Excelsa Real Estate does not reveal the identity of the Visitor unless it is legally required to do so or if it has obtained consent of the Visitor.
THE RIGHT TO ACCESS PERSONAL INFORMATION
At the Visitor’s request, Excelsa Real Estate will allow the Visitor access to all available information that may include financial information (e.g. credit card information), transaction data (e.g. data on dates when they have paid for Excelsa Real Estate’s service, quantities and type of service) (e.g. e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g. name, address, phone number) and description of these details. The Visitor may correct this information by sending an e-mail to Excelsa Real Estate’s address mentioned above, by calling the telephone number mentioned above or by writing to the address above.
THE COMMUNICATION PRIVACY
Excelsa Real Estate respects the Visitor’s privacy. Every communication between the Excelsa Realestate and the Visitor is strictly confidential. Excelsa Real Estate guarantees that all collected data will be treated with utmost confidentiality and according to the law and privacy policy regulations.