Privacy Policy
Xnapper macOS App Privacy Policy
The Xnapper macOS app respects your data and privacy. We collect minimal data that is required for the app to work, nothing else.
Data we do NOT collect:
The app
does not
collect any kind of analytical data, not even anonymous analytics or crash log.
No internet
connection required to use the app. The only feature that need internet connection is auto update.
The app
does not
make any changes to the system without explicit permissions from you. Two permissions will be asked:
Accessibility (required for taking screenshot)
Start at Login (optional and disabled by default)
The app
does not
read your screenshot and data (including text) inside the screenshot. The text recognition feature is provided by Apple’s
Vision Kit
, all data are processed on device without sending any data anywhere.
Data we collect, when, and how we use it:
If you
purchase a license key
, we will collect:
Your email address
: so that we can deliver the license key to you or to recover your license key when you lost it in the future.
If you
activate a license key
in Xnapper, we will collect:
Device Name
(e.g., “Macbook Pro”): This is to help you recognize your device in the
License Manager
in case you have multiple devices.
Device ID
(hardware identifier): This is to prevent abuse of using the license key on more than the number of devices allowed by your license key.
We don’t share your data to any 3rd party services.
Xnapper Website Privacy policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is xnapper.com’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, xnapper.com, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we're collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we'll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don't share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 17 Jun 2022.