Privacy Statement
The Privacy Statement posted on this Site was updated on or about 10th February 2021.
This policy covers how SWT Software Ltd treats Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) that SWT Software Ltd collects and receives, including information related to your past use of SWT Software Ltd products and services. SWT Software Ltd Software and its affiliated entities are collectively referred to in this Privacy Statement as “SWT Software Ltd,” “we,” “us” or the “Site.” Please read this document carefully.
Scope of this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement applies only to PII collected by SWT Software Ltd through software or mobile app installation or use or visitation to SWT Software Ltd websites where this Privacy Statement is posted (the “Site”) and does not apply to any other information collected by SWT Software Ltd through other means. If you have other agreements with SWT Software Ltd governing SWT Software Ltd products and services, then those agreements control with regard to the subject matter of those agreements. Further, our Privacy Statement does not cover the activities of third parties.
This Privacy Statement covers:
• The information we collect.
• How we use your personal information.
• How we may share or disclose your personal information.
• What cookies and web beacons are and how we and others use them.
• What internet protocol addresses are.
• How we secure and store your information.
• What choices do we give you, and how can you correct or review your personal information.
• How to contact us.
• How we may update our privacy statement.
The Information We Collect
SWT Software Ltd collects certain personal information when you register with SWT Software Ltd, request information, when you use SWT Software Ltd products or services or when you download and use any of our Apps. In registering with SWT Software Ltd or requesting information, you may provide us with a password, your real name, industry, organisation name, job role, and contact information, such as e-mail address and phone number. We may also collect your product registration information, product interest information, transaction information, demographic information. If you connect with SWT Software Ltd accounts on third party social networking sites, we may also collect information about your social networking accounts, for example, your name, user name or handle, public profile, and email address. We may also combine information you provide with data we collect automatically (as further described below) and with data we receive from third parties.
Where you are an employee or contractor of our customer we may have access for example to details of your shifts worked, absences due to sickness, holiday records and other details from your biometric information relating to working patterns and processes from time to time.
Whenever you visit the SWT Software Ltd website, SWT Software Ltd also receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system type and version, browser type and language, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and geographic areas derived from your IP address, SWT Software Ltd cookie information, file information, time stamped logs regarding access times and duration of visits, the websites you visited before coming to SWT Software Ltd websites, and other usage data relating to your activities on our Sites, including the pages you request. We may relate this information to the PII you provide for purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
When you use our mobile apps, we also automatically collect information about your device and about your usage of and activity on our mobile apps. For example, we collect your device’s mobile operating system type and version, browser type, device type, geolocation data, Wi-Fi networking connection data, Internet Protocol (IP) address, device identifiers, time stamped logs regarding access times and duration of visits, and other information.
Where you download and use our Apps for or during the course of your employment/engagement with your employer/agency/contractor you or your employer/agency/contractor may need to provide us with details of your location, your staff/employee ID number, name, contact details and the start and end times of your shift for your employer/agency/contractor.
Certain third parties, including analytics companies, advertisers and ad networks, may also automatically collect information about you through our Sites, using cookies, Web beacons, and device identifiers, including personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites, devices, online channels and applications when you use our Sites.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use PII collected through our Sites and Apps for purposes described in this Privacy Statement and as disclosed to you in connection with our Sites.
For example, we may use your information to:
Provide and deliver products or services you’ve requested, including software updates.
Operate and improve our internal operations, systems, products, and services.
Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience.
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.
Send you service-related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
Communicate with you and your referrals about promotions, upcoming events, and news about products and services offered by SWT Software Ltd and our selected partners.
Link or combine information about you with other personal information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better and more personalised service.
Enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners, or users.
Protect against, investigate, and deter fraudulent, unauthorised, or illegal activity.
Perform services on behalf of our customers from time to time where you are an employee or contractor of our customer to ensure for example, accurate pay, compliance with working time directives and HMRC requirements and to provide retention diagnostics for staff to determine who is likely to be unhappy with their shift patterns.
How We May Share or Disclose Your Personal Information
SWT Software Ltd does not rent, sell, or share PII about you with other people or non-affiliated companies, except under the following circumstances: When we have your permission including when you choose to share information using SWT Software Ltd Public or post to our blogs.
We may share your PII captured using our App with our customer, your employer, agency or contractor while performing services on behalf of our customers where you are our customer’s employee, agent or contractor for the purposes of them planning, managing and/or monitoring the hours you have worked for them and any other purposes stipulated or notified by them in their privacy statement.
We may provide PII to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with SWT Software Ltd to provide us with services. For example, these companies may use your PII to help SWT Software Ltd communicate with you about offers from SWT Software Ltd and our marketing partners. SWT Software Ltd maintains contracts with these companies restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with this Policy, and SWT Software Ltd may be liable if they fail to meet those obligations and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
We may share some or all of your information with our current or future “affiliates” (which means a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control), in which case we will require our affiliates to honour this Privacy Statement.
We may disclose PII to comply with laws or in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose PII in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, verify, prevent, enforce compliance with, or take action regarding: illegal or suspected illegal activities; suspected fraud; situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person; protection of the rights and property of SWT Software Ltd, our agents, customers, or others; or violations or suspected violations of our agreements, policies, Terms of Service or End User License Agreements (EULA); or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements.
We reserve the right to transfer or disclose PII in our system in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or other proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture or assignment of all or a portion of our business or assets to a different entity.
Finally, we may also share aggregated, anonymised or statistical information about you, including demographics data, with others for a variety of purposes, including for their own uses, for example, for improving their products and services for SWT Software Ltd and others.
To the extent we transfer your personal data out of the UK, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the relevant UK regulatory body.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts or clauses approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK or EEA.
What Cookies and Web Beacons Are and How We and Others Use Them
Our Site may use various software technologies including “cookies,” “web beacons” and “pixel tags.” “Cookies” are small text files that we and others may place in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences. Cookies themselves do not contain any PII. “Web beacons” or “Pixel tags” are small pieces of code placed on a web page or within the body of an email to monitor the behaviour and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page or viewing or opening an email. For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. We may use web beacons on our Site from time to time for this and advertising purposes.
From time to time, we partner with third parties who may place cookies on your browser when you visit our Sites, may send their own cookies to your cookie file, and may use those cookies to track and collect information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites, devices, and applications and to provide targeted advertising based on your interests and previous browsing history.
Certain third party ad networks may automatically collect information about your visits to our Sites and other websites, such as your IP address, your Internet service provider, and the browser you use to visit our Sites. They do this using cookies, web beacons or other technologies.. This Privacy Statement does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies or web beacons and other technologies in third party advertising. We encourage you to check the privacy policies of third party advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies, web beacons and other technology.
What Internet Protocol Addresses Are
An Internet protocol (“IP”) address is the unique number assigned to your server or Internet Service Provider (“ISP”). SWT Software Ltd may track such IP addresses for system administration, to report aggregate information, site tracking, to prevent our servers from being abused and for other uses described in this Privacy Statement.