Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 06/26/2022
Nouvelware SARL ("Nouvelware", "We" or "Us") operates AdPro application and is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users.
PARTIES: The parties to this privacy policy are the following data controller: Nouvelware SARL ("Data Controller") and you, as the user of this Mobile App. Hereinafter, the parties will individually be referred to as
                                        "Party" and collectively as "Parties."
DATA CONTROLLER: Data Controller is the publisher, owner, and operator of the Mobile App and is the Party responsible for the collection of information described herein. Data Controller shall be referred to either by
                                        Data Controller's name or "Data Controller," as listed above.
YOU: Should you agree to this Privacy Policy and continue your use of the Mobile App, you will be referred to herein as either you, the user, or if any second-person pronouns are required and applicable, such pronouns
                                        as 'your", "yours", etc.
PERSONAL DATA: "Personal DATA" means personal data and information that we obtain from you in connection with your use of the Mobile App which is capable of identifying you in any manner.
GENERAL INFORMATION:
This privacy policy (hereinafter "Privacy Policy") describes how we collect and use the Personal Data that we receive about you, as well as your rights in relation to that Personal Data, when you visit our Mobile App
                                        and interact with it in any way, including passively.
This Privacy Policy does not cover any information that we may receive about you through sources other than the use of our Mobile App. The Mobile App may link out to other websites or mobile applications, but this Privacy
                                        Policy does not and will not apply to any of those linked websites or applications.
We are committed to the protection of your privacy while you use our Mobile App.
By continuing to use our Mobile App, you acknowledge that you have had the chance to review and consider this Privacy Policy, and you acknowledge that you agree to it. This means that you also consent to the use of
                                        your information and the method of disclosure as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not understand the Privacy Policy or do not agree to it then you agree to immediately cease your use of our Mobile App.
CONTACT:
The Party responsible for the processing of your personal data is as follows: Nouvelware SARL. The Data Controller may be contacted as follows:
contact@nouvelware.com
The Data Controller and operator of the Mobile App are one and the same.
MODIFICATIONS AND REVISIONS:
We reserve the right to modify, revise, or otherwise amend this Privacy Policy at any time and in any manner. If we do so, however, we will notify you and obtain your consent to the change in processing. Unless we specifically
                                        obtain your consent, any changes to the Privacy Policy will only impact the information collected on or after the date of the change. It is also your responsibility to periodically check this page for any such modification,
                                        revision or amendment.
THE PERSONAL DATA WE RECEIVE FROM YOU:
Depending on how you use our Mobile App, you will be subject to different types of Personal Data collected and different manners of collection:
we may collect personal Data including:
a)
Device token (for push notification)
b)
Email address of the user (for internal analytics)
c)
Email header for building push notifications payloads (we do not store email headers or any part of your email)
THE PERSONAL DATA WE RECEIVE AUTOMATICALLY:
Cookies:
We may collect information from you through automatic tracking systems (such as information about your browsing preferences) as well as through information that you volunteer to us (such as information
                                        that you provide during a registration process or at other times while using the Mobile App, as described above).
For example, we use cookies to make your browsing experience easier and more intuitive: cookies are small strings of text used to store some information that may concern the user, his or her preferences or the device
                                        they are using to access the Internet (such as a computer, tablet, or mobile phone). Cookies are mainly used to adapt the operation of the site to your expectations, offering a more personalized browsing experience
                                        and memorizing the choices you made previously.
A cookie consists of a reduced set of data transferred to your browser from a web server and it can only be read by the server that made the transfer. This is not executable code and does not transmit viruses.
Cookies do not record or store any Personal Data. If you want, you can prevent the use of cookies, but then you may not be able to use our Mobile App as we intend. To proceed without changing the options related to
                                        cookies, simply continue to use our Mobile App.
Technical cookies:
Technical cookies, which can also sometimes be called HTML cookies, are used for navigation and to facilitate your access to and use of the site. They are necessary for the transmission of
                                        communications on the network or to supply services requested by you. The use of technical cookies allows the safe and efficient use of the site.
You can manage or request the general deactivation or cancelation of cookies through your browser. If you do this though, please be advised this action might slow down or prevent access to some parts of the site.
Cookies may also be retransmitted by an analytics or statistics provider to collect aggregated information on the number of users and how they visit the Mobile App. These are also considered technical cookies when they
                                        operate as described.
Temporary session cookies are deleted automatically at the end of the browsing session - these are mostly used to identify you and ensure that you don't have to log in each time - whereas permanent cookies remain active
                                        longer than just one particular session.
Support in configuring your browser:
You can manage cookie through the settings of your browser on your device. However, deleting cookies from your browser may remove the preferences you have set for this Mobile
                                        App.
For further information and support, you can also visit the specific help page of the web browser you are using:
- Internet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-vista/block-or-allow-cookies
- Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
- Safari: http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
- Chrome: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=en
- Opera: http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/
Log Data:
Like all websites and mobile applications, this Mobile App also makes use of log files which store automatic information collected during user visits. The different types of log data could be as follows:
- possibly the date and time of visit;
The aforementioned information is processed in an automated form and collected in an exclusively aggregated manner in order to verify the correct functioning of the site, and for security reasons. This information will
                                        be processed according to the legitimate interests of the Data Controller.
For security purposes (spam filters, firewalls, virus detection), the automatically recorded data may also possibly include Personal Data such as IP address, which could be used, in accordance with applicable laws,
                                        in order to block attempts at damage to the Mobile App or damage to other users, or in the case of harmful activities or crime. Such data are never used for the identification or profiling of the user, but only
                                        for the protection of the Mobile App and our users. Such information will be treated according to the legitimate interests of the Data Controller.
HOW PERSONAL DATA IS STORED:
We use secure physical and digital systems to store your Personal Data when appropriate. We ensure that your Personal Data is protected against unauthorized access, disclosure, or destructions.
Please note, however, that no system involving the transmission of information via the internet, or the electronic storage of data, is completely secure. However, we take the protection and storage of your Personal
                                        Data very seriously. We take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Data.
Personal Data is stored throughout your relationship with us. We delete your Personal Data upon request for cancelation of your account or other general request for the deletion of data.
In the event of a breach of your Personal Data, you will be notified in a reasonable time frame, but in no event later than two weeks, and we will follow all applicable laws regarding such breach.
HOW PERSONAL DATA IS USED:
We do not store or share email headers or any part of your email. Emails headers and bodies are stored and processed in the user's device. We access emails headers for building push notifications payloads.
We do not store or share your contacts list. Fetched contacts are stored locally on the user's device and used only for suggesting contacts when composing or replying to emails.
PURPOSES OF PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA:
We primarily use your Personal Data to help us provide a better experience for you on our Mobile App and to provide you the services and/or information you may have requested, such as use of our Mobile App.
Information that does not identify you personally, but that may assist in providing us broad overviews of our customer base, will be used for market research or marketing efforts. Such information may include, but is
                                        not limited to, interests based on your cookies.
Personal Data that may be considering identifying may be used for the following:
a) sending push notifications
b) internal analytics
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA:
Although we do not disclose any personal data to any third party, we may disclose your Personal Data if we believe that it is reasonable to do so in certain cases, in our sole and exclusive discretion. Such cases may
                                        include, but are not limited to:
a) To satisfy any local, state, or Federal laws or regulations
b) To respond to requests, such discovery, criminal, civil, or administrative process, subpoenas, court orders, or writs from law enforcement or other governmental or legal bodies
c) To bring legal action against a user who has violated the law or violated the terms of use of our Mobile App
d) As may be necessary for the operation of our Mobile App
e) To generally cooperate with any lawful investigation about our users
f) If we suspect any fraudulent activity on our Mobile App or if we have noticed any activity which may violate our terms or other applicable rules
OPTING OUT OF TRANSMITTALS FROM US:
From time to time, we may send you informational or marketing communications related to our Mobile App such as announcements or other information. If you wish to opt-out of such communications, you may contact the following
                                        email: privacy@nouvelware.com. You may also click the opt-out link which will be provided at the bottom of any and all such communications.
Please be advised that even though you may opt-out of such communications, you may still receive information from us that is specifically about your use of our Mobile App or about your account with us.
By providing any Personal Data to us, or by using our Mobile App in any manner, you have created a commercial relationship with us. As such, you agree that any email sent from, even unsolicited email, shall specifically
                                        not be considered SPAM, as that term is legally defined.
MODIFYING, DELETING, AND ACCESSING YOUR INFORMATION:
If you wish to modify or delete any information we may have about you, or you wish to simply access any information we have about you, you may reach out to us at the following email address: privacy@nouvelware.com.
ACCEPTANCE OF RISK:
By continuing to our Mobile App in any manner, use the Product, you manifest your continuing asset to this Privacy Policy. You further acknowledge, agree and accept that no transmission of information or data via the
                                        internet is not always completely secure, no matter what steps are taken. You acknowledge, agree and accept that we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information that you provide to us, and that you
                                        transmit such information at your own risk.
YOUR RIGHTS:
You have many rights in relation to your Personal Data. Specifically, your rights are as follows:
- the right to be informed about the processing of your Personal Data
- the right to have access to your Personal Data
- the right to update and/or correct your Personal Data
- the right to portability of your Personal Data
- the right to oppose or limit the processing of your Personal Data
- the right to request that we stop processing and delete your Personal Data
- the right to block any Personal Data processing in violation of any applicable law
- the right to launch a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) in the United States or applicable data protection authority in another jurisdiction
Such rights can all be exercised by contacting us at the relevant contact information listed in this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT INFORMATION:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the way we collect information from you, or if you would like to launch a complaint about anything related to this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at the following
                                        email address: privacy@nouvelware.com.