Skip to primary navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Flowx
Fast Weather
About
Help
Forum
Toggle menu
Privacy
Flowx does not collect, store, share or sell any personal or non-personal data.
All weather data downloaded during use of Flowx is downloaded from Flowx (flowx.io) servers.
These servers do not collect, store, share or sell any data associated with download requests.
Flowx does use some third-party services, which are listed below along with links to their privacy policies.
You may have guessed that I firmly believe in respecting people’s privacy.
This is why we don’t ask for unnecessary permission and are trying to reduce third-party services used in Flowx.
Feel free to contact me (Duane Malcolm) if you have any concerns. You can contact me via Feedback in the Flowx app.
Third-Party Services
Stadia Maps
The background map tiles in Flowx are downloaded from Stadia.
Stadia Maps Privacy Policy
LocationIQ (Unwired Labs)
LocationIQ is used for autocompletion when you search to add a new place.
LocationIQ/Unwired Labs Privacy Policy
MaxMind
MaxMind is used when you open Flowx for the first time.
MaxMind will return the location of the Internet Service Provider (ISP) associated with your IP address.
Flowx uses this to roughly guess your initial place.
Note, if the ISP timezone does not match the timezone of your phone (maybe because you are using a VPN),
then we will guess your location from your timezone.
MaxMind Privacy Policy
RevenueCat
Flowx uses the RevenueCat SDK to easily manage Pro subscriptions.
RevenueCat Privacy Policy
BugSnag (SmartBear)
In the (rare :-) ) case of a crash, Flowx uses the BugSnag to capture ever important crash logs.
SmartBear/BugSnag Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://stadiamaps.com/privacy:
Products
Platform
Overview →
Maps
Overview →
Interactive Basemaps
Static Maps
Map Styles
Satellite Imagery
Customize Your Maps
Geocoding & Search
Autocomplete Search
Geocoding
Routing & Navigation
Overview →
Turn-by-Turn Directions
Matrix Routing
Isochrones
Road Information
Data & Self-Hosted
Geospatial APIs
On-Prem & Embedded Solutions
Pricing
See Our Pricing
Switch From Google
Switch From Mapbox
Try Stadia Maps
Explore the Map
Build-a-Map
Learn More
API Documentation
FAQs
Log In
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Our promise.
Our Privacy Commitment
We take your privacy seriously—yes, we really do.
That’s why none of our APIs, maps, or any other services track you or your customers. This means no tracking cookies, no browser fingerprinting, and only a few logs (which are aggregated as broad statistics and then expunged after 30 days) to ensure our services stay as robust as possible.
We use only privacy-respecting analytics tools,
Simple Analytics
and
Matomo
(trusted by the European Commission and CNIL, the French privacy watchdog), on this marketing site, our documentation site, and the client dashboard. These tools do not use cookies or other personal identification techniques. We
never
track you across other internet sites, and go to great lengths to ensure that we are preserving your privacy, even though that means our aggregate statistics are lower quality.
In short, here are the things we promise to never do:
Sell your email or other private information to any other company for marketing or any other purposes.
Share your private information with any other company for any purposes, other than for direct business necessity (e.g., we use Stripe for billing), without your prior consent. That is, we practice "opt-in" vs "opt-out" sharing agreements.
Track your customers as they use our services for marketing or advertising purposes.
Build tools to identify or target your customers based on access patterns.
Display ads on your maps.
Of course, we have to have this fine print below, but the promise above is the intention of the fine print. Our goal is earning and maintaining your trust; because your trust is our most valued asset.
Privacy Policy
The promise in fine print.
Stadia Maps, Inc., (hereafter Stadia Maps), is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with Stadia Maps of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Stadia Maps, and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of stadiamaps.com you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, such as:
Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.
We may also gather information about the type of browser you are using, IP address or type of operating system to assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
Use of Information Collected
Stadia Maps may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from stadiamaps.com. Stadia Maps may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
Stadia Maps does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of our customer lists and/or names to any third parties.
Stadia Maps may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:
Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon Stadia Maps and/or our website;
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of Stadia Maps; and
Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of stadiamaps.com and/or the general public.
Children Under Age of 13
Stadia Maps does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe from our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to support@stadiamaps.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to affiliate and other websites. Stadia Maps does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Security
Stadia Maps shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’s personal information under our control.
The company also uses Transport Layer Security (TLS) for authentication and transmission of sensitive data in an effort to prevent against unauthorized access of your personal and sensitive information.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
Stadia Maps reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those changes to our website, so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time Stadia Maps decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement and Terms of Service Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us.
support@stadiamaps.com
Stadia Maps, Inc.
6650 Rivers Ave
Charleston, SC 29406
Last updated: November 11, 2024
Sub-policy 1
https://locationiq.com/privacy:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.maxmind.com/en/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
Updated on: October 24, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of MaxMind, Inc.
          (sometimes referred to in this Privacy Policy as "MaxMind", "we", or
          "us"), in connection with the MaxMind.com website (the "Website") and
          the geoip-js.com website, any online features and services provided by
          MaxMind that post a link to this Privacy Policy, and any
          communications with us (such as phone calls, emails, and webform
          submissions) (collectively, the "Services").
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By visiting and using the
          Services, you agree that your use of the Services is governed by this
          Privacy Policy. In addition to our Privacy Policy, your use of the
          Services is governed by our Terms of Use, which govern in the event of
          any conflict with this Privacy Policy.
1. Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect where we control
          the purposes and means of processing. It does not apply to information
          collected by third parties not on our behalf or information collected
          in the context of your employment with us. It also does not apply to
          information we collect on behalf of our customers where our customers
          control the purposes and means of processing. For details on how our
          customers process your information, we recommend you review their
          privacy policies and terms.
You may have additional rights based on your jurisdiction. Please
          visit the relevant section below for details:
California (Section 12)
Nevada (Section 13)
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia
              (Section 14)
Europe and the United Kingdom (Section 15)
Brazil (Section 16)
China (Section 17)
To contact us, please see our contact details set out in Section 11.
For personal data transferred from the European Union, China, the UK,
          and Switzerland to third countries that do not ensure an adequate
          level of data protection, we will provide appropriate safeguards, such
          as through the use of Standard Contractual Clauses and related
          supplementary measures.
2. Information MaxMind collects
This Section describes the information we collect and how we collect
          information about you. By information, we mean information relating to
          an identified or identifiable individual.
Information You Provide When Using the Services
You may provide information directly to us, such as when you register
          an account, make a purchase of one of our products or services,
          respond to a customer survey, submit a data correction request,
          communicate with our customer service team, or apply for a job.
The categories of information we collect from you may include:
Contact identifiers
, including your
            first and last name, email address, postal address, billing address,
            and phone number.
Device identifiers
, including IP
            addresses or IP ranges you submit as part of a correction request.
Account credentials
, including your
            username and password.
Payment information
, including your
            payment instrument number (such as credit or debit card number),
            expiration date, and security code as necessary to process your
            payments. This information is processed by our payment processors.
Commercial or transactional information
, including records of products or services you have purchased,
            obtained, or considered.
Content
, including content within
            any messages you send to us.
Professional, employment
, or
            education-related information, including your employment and work
            history, transcripts, writing samples, references, and other
            information necessary to consider you for a job at MaxMind.
Please do not provide any information that we do not request.
Information from Your Browser or Device when You Use the Services
When you use the Services, we and third parties we work with
          automatically collect information from your browser or device.
The categories of information we automatically collect include:
Device identifiers
, including IP
            address.
Device information
, including
            browser language, time, session age, user agent, etc.
Internet activity
, including
            information about your browsing history and interactions, such as
            the features you use, pages you visit, content you view, purchases
            you make or consider, date and time of your visit, duration of your
            visit and referring and exiting pages and URLs.
Non-precise location data
, such as
            location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city or
            postal code level. For clarity, MaxMind does not request access to
            or otherwise receive GPS signals from any devices when you access
            the Services.
The methods by which we collect such information include:
Cookies.
A cookie is a file stored
            on your browser that may be used to identify a device by storing
            certain personal preferences and user data. MaxMind uses cookies for
            a variety of purposes, including to help make our website work,
            identify authorized users of the MaxMind Account Portal, track
            affiliate referrals, complete online purchases through MaxMind's
            shopping carts, prevent fraud and assist with security, count
            visitors, and perform measurement and analytics.
Web Beacons.
Web beacons are small
            graphic images or other web programming code (also known as "1x1
            GIFs" or "clear GIFs"), which may be included in our web pages and
            email messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any
            electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web
            page or email can act as a web beacon. Web beacons are often
            associated with cookies and used for similar purposes. Web beacons
            may also be used to count how many emails that were sent were
            actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links
            were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts.
Embedded scripts
            are programming code designed to collect information about a
            device's interactions with a website, such as the links clicked on.
            The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from a server,
            is active only while you are connected to the website containing the
            embedded script, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter. Embedded
            scripts are used for similar purposes as cookies and web beacons.
Server Logs.
Your web browser
            automatically sends information to every website you visit,
            including ours. For example, our server logs may receive and record
            your device information and internet activity. Our server logs may
            also receive a user agent string, which is a series of characters
            automatically sent with your internet requests that provide
            information necessary for smooth internet communications, such as
            the operating system and browser you used.
When you interact with our Services, MaxMind may assign your computer
          or mobile device a unique identification number ("Unique ID"). MaxMind
          may set a cookie on your device containing, amongst other things, the
          device's Unique ID. MaxMind uses information generated from the Unique
          ID for purposes of improving our Services, primarily our ability to
          detect fraud.
Information Provided through queries to the minFraud Service, GeoIP2
          Web Service and GeoLite Web Service by MaxMind's customers
MaxMind is primarily a business-to-business service. When our
          customers use the minFraud Service, GeoIP2 Web Service and GeoLite Web
          Service, they send queries to MaxMind that can include information
          about others who may not have a direct relationship with MaxMind.
minFraud Service-
The minFraud Service helps businesses prevent online fraud by
          providing risk scoring and risk data related to online transactions.
          MaxMind’s customers then use this information provided by MaxMind to
          determine whether to proceed with a transaction.
MaxMind’s customers decide what data to submit to our minFraud
          Service. The categories of information our customers send to us
          through the minFraud Service include:
Contact identifiers,
including
            first and last name, email address, postal address, billing address,
            and phone number.
Device identifiers
including IP
            address.
Device information,
including
            browser language, time, session age, user agent, etc.
Payment information,
including
            partial credit card numbers such as the issuer ID number (IIN) and
            the last digits of a credit card (but not a full credit card
            number).
Commercial or transactional information,
including records of products or services you have purchased,
            obtained, or considered, whether there is a reported chargeback,
            etc.
Custom inputs determined by our customers.
GeoIP2 Web Service and GeoLite Web Service-
MaxMind’s customers submit IP addresses through queries to the GeoIP2
          Web Service and GeoLite Web Service and MaxMind returns certain
          information it has associated with that IP address such as postal
          code, city, state or country, ISP provider, domain name, connection
          type (e.g. Cable/DSL/Cellular), whether an IP address is associated
          with an anonymizer (such as a VPN, Tor Exit, Hosting provider, etc.),
          and similar data.
We will treat the information in accordance with the practices
          described in this Privacy Policy to the extent we act as a controller.
          We will also comply with any additional restrictions applicable to the
          customer providing the data.
Information from Other Sources
MaxMind also receives information, including the categories of
          information listed above, from other sources. The categories of other
          sources from which we receive information include:
Our business partners and resellers.
Publicly available sources such as open government databases or
            other data in the public domain.
From social media. For example, if you contact us through Twitter or
            LinkedIn.
We will treat the information in accordance with the practices
          described in this Privacy Policy, plus any additional restrictions
          imposed by the source of the data.
Information We Infer
We infer new information from other information we collect, including
          generating information for the purposes of providing, enhancing, or
          improving our IP address intelligence and, fraud detection, and other
          services and products. For example, we generate fraud analysis data
          for our customers to help detect fraud.
3. How MaxMind uses information
We collect and use information for our legitimate interests and for
          business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices
          described in this Privacy Policy. Our purposes for collecting and
          using information include:
Providing Our Services
MaxMind uses information for the purposes of providing its IP address
          intelligence, fraud detection, and other services and products.
How MaxMind Uses Information Provided by MaxMind’s customers
            through queries to the minFraud Service
MaxMind uses data from customer queries submitted to the minFraud
          Service for the following purposes:
To provide services to the customer who sent us the data.
We use the data submitted by our customers for the purpose of
            providing risk scores and to provide additional information or
            feedback to the customer who sent us the data.
To improve our minFraud Service to provide the minFraud Service
              to other customers.
In some instances, we process and aggregate data submitted to the
            minFraud service and use it to improve the minFraud Service in order
            to provide other customers with licensed data, more accurate
            information, robust risk score information and the ability to flag
            potentially fraudulent activity. For example, if we receive reports
            of chargebacks from one MaxMind customer that could impact the risk
            score returned to a different MaxMind customer. Not all data
            submitted to minFraud is used for this purpose, and for some
            minFraud customers we do not use any data submitted in queries for
            this purpose. MaxMind does not use custom inputs provided by our
            customers to provide services to unrelated customers.
To improve our IP address intelligence services.
In some instances, MaxMind uses some of the personal data provided
            through our minFraud Service for the purpose of improving the
            accuracy of our IP address intelligence services. MaxMind’s IP
            address intelligence services include our GeoIP Databases, GeoIP2
            Web Services, GeoLite Databases and GeoLite Web Services. The IP
            address intelligence services associate IP addresses with certain
            information such as a postal code, city, state or country, ISP
            provider, domain name, connection type (e.g. Cable/DSL/Cellular),
            whether an IP address is associated with an anonymizer (such as a
            VPN, Tor Exit, Hosting provider, etc.), and similar data. Our IP
            address intelligence services are licensed to customers for a
            variety of purposes, including fraud prevention, geofencing,
            sanctions compliance, enforcing licensing restrictions, serving
            advertisements, customizing website content, etc. Not all data
            submitted to minFraud is used for this purpose, and for some
            minFraud customers we do not use any data submitted in queries for
            this purpose.
How MaxMind Uses Information Provided by MaxMind's customers
            through queries to the GeoIP2 Web Service and GeoLite Web
            Service
MaxMind uses the IP addresses submitted to the GeoIP2 Web Service and
          GeoLite Web Service for the purpose of improving some of our Services,
          including without limitation the minFraud Service, the GeoIP2 Web
          Service, GeoLite Web Service and GeoIP Databases.
How MaxMind Uses Information Provided by MaxMind Customers through
            JavaScript.
MaxMind offers a GeoIP2 JavaScript Client API available to its
          customers via geoip-js.com and js.maxmind.com. Where a MaxMind
          customer uses the GeoIP2 JavaScript Client API, MaxMind collects
          device identifiers, device information (e.g., HTTP headers), provided
          via geoip-js.com or js.maxmind.com on behalf of the customer, and logs
          such information only for the purposes of monitoring, alerting, and
          internal reporting for the specific customer for up to 30 days.
          MaxMind does not disclose information collected through geoip-js.com
          or js.maxmind.com among customers.
Some of the Services offered by MaxMind may require a MaxMind customer
          to place a snippet of JavaScript on the customer's own website (either
          by the customer itself or by MaxMind), and that JavaScript collects
          information used by MaxMind to create the Unique ID. If the customer
          uses the MaxMind minFraud service, it may receive back the Unique ID
          MaxMind associated with the IP address being used in the request made
          to the minFraud service.
Communications with You
MaxMind maintains one or more contact lists (with email addresses and
          other contact identifiers) to allow MaxMind to communicate with
          individuals who do business with MaxMind or who have expressed an
          interest in the Services. We may contact you to confirm your purchases
          or respond to requests that you make, notify you of changes to your
          account or the Services, for security purposes, for marketing
          purposes, or to otherwise inform you of information related to our
          business or your account with us.
Website Administration and Customization
MaxMind uses information for a variety of website administration and
          customization purposes. For example, we use information to process
          your registration requests, send you email updates and other
          communications, customize features, and deliver content to you.
Usage of IP Addresses
The MaxMind services, including the minFraud service, use IP addresses
          to help organizations detect and prevent fraudulent activity. Among
          other things, MaxMind obtains IP addresses and order information
          (including billing address) through its minFraud service. MaxMind uses
          the billing location from this data along with other data to create
          databases that pair IP addresses with the locations in which they are
          likely being used, down to a postal code level of resolution.
Analytics and Improvement
MaxMind uses information to understand trends, usage, and activities,
          and to improve its products and services.
Correction Requests
If you receive IP geolocation data from us that you believe is
          incorrect, you can submit a data correction request to us through our
          website at
/en/geoip-data-correction-request
, by email at
correction@maxmind.com
, or through a secure URL that is set up by your company and that
          shares IP geolocation data. We use the information you submit to
          review and respond to your correction request, and update our
          databases as appropriate. Any data updated within our databases may be
          used and disclosed in accordance with the practices described in this
          Privacy Policy.
Database Demos
If you use any of our database demos available at
/en/geoip-demo
,
/en/locate-my-ip-address
, and other parts of our website, we may use the information you
          submit to provide you with results and update our databases as
          appropriate. Any data updated within our databases may be used and
          disclosed in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy
          Policy.
Security
We use information to prevent, detect, investigate, and address fraud,
          breach of policies or terms, or threats or harm.
Recruitment
We use information to make decisions about recruiting and in
          anticipation of a contract of employment.
Consent
We also use information with your consent, including to allow you to
          participate in our surveys, and to fulfill any other purpose disclosed
          to you and with your consent or at your direction.
Some of our lawful bases for processing your information stem from our
          customers on whose behalf we provide services.
MaxMind uses information that does not identify you for any purpose
          except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights
          and choices regarding how we use your information, please see Section
          6 below.
4. How MaxMind discloses information
We disclose information we collect in accordance with the practices
          described in this Privacy Policy. The categories of sources to whom we
          disclose information include:
Service Providers
We provide your information to our service providers, and contractors
          for the purpose of delivering services to you as well as for purposes
          related to Services administration and operation, including conducting
          analytics and helping us with sales tax compliance. When disclosing
          information for the purpose of providing you with the services you
          request, we will disclose your information only as necessary for the
          service provider working on MaxMind's behalf to complete its work for
          us. For example, if you use a credit or debit card to complete a
          transaction on the Services, we will disclose your credit or debit
          card number with a payment processing and/or a fulfillment company in
          order to complete your transaction.
Databases
One aspect of MaxMind's products and services is the provision of
          databases to our customers and other third parties, including our
          business partners and resellers. These databases include information
          such as IP addresses and corresponding data pertaining to such IP
          addresses, such as non-precise location data, fraud analysis data, and
          related information. Such databases are compiled using numerous data
          sources, including information we receive from our customers when
          individuals make purchases or conduct other transactions with our
          customers. In addition, we respond to API queries from our customers,
          and such responses may include information about the level of risk we
          associate with information about your device or email address, or your
          Unique ID
Customers
We may disclose your information to our customers in connection with
          us processing your information on their behalf. For example, we may
          disclose your information to our customers to provide them with our
          products and services, respond to questions and comments, fulfill your
          requests, and otherwise comply with applicable law.
Vendors and Other Parties
We may disclose your information to vendors and other parties for
          purposes of providing you with marketing, measuring and improving our
          Service, and enabling other enhancements. Vendors may act as our
          service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to
          process your information.
MaxMind integrates with the service Have I Been Pwned to verify
          whether your account password has previously appeared in a third party
          data breach, which may allow MaxMind to evaluate the strength of the
          password, provide a warning, and/or block the password outright. We
          are not responsible for the effectiveness or accuracy of their
          information. For more information on Have I Been Pwned, please visit
          the website at
https://haveibeenpwned.com
.
Security and Compliance with the Law
We reserve the right to disclose your information to appropriate third
          parties if we are required to do so by law or we believe that such
          action is necessary in order (a) to comply with a legal process such
          as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order; (b) to protect the
          company's rights and property; (c) to investigate reports of users
          sending material using a false email address or users sending
          harassing, threatening, or abusive messages; (d) to protect against
          misuse or unauthorized use of the Services; or (e) to respond to
          emergencies, such as when we believe someone's physical safety is at
          risk. MaxMind may be required to disclose information in a
          life-threatening emergency or in response to a lawful request by
          public authorities, including to meet national security or law
          enforcement requirements.
Transfer of Business
Over time, MaxMind may buy or sell various assets. In the event that
          we sell some or all of our assets, or our company is acquired by
          another company, or during the negotiation of such sale or
          acquisition, our databases and any information we collect may be among
          the transferred or negotiated assets.
Consent
We may disclose your information for any other purpose disclosed to
          you and with your consent or at your direction.
Without limiting the foregoing, in our sole discretion, MaxMind
          discloses information that does not identify you to third parties,
          including our customers, for any purpose except as prohibited by
          applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding
          how we disclose your information, please see Section 6 below.
5. Analytics and online tracking
MaxMind works with certain third parties (including analytics
          companies) to provide us with information regarding traffic on and use
          of the Services. Some of these parties collect information when you
          visit the Services or other online websites and services. These third
          parties set and access their own tracking technologies (including
          cookies, embedded scripts, and web beacons) and may otherwise collect
          or have access to your IP address or other device identifiers and
          device information. These tracking technologies, including the Google
          Analytics User ID feature, may be used to assist in providing
          analytics and for other purposes. We also use Google services to
          provide you with in-site search functionality. Google's data practices
          are set out in its privacy policy available at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
6. Your rights and choices
We provide a variety of ways for you to control the information we
          process about you. Please see below for details.
Jurisdictional Rights
Where applicable, you may have additional rights based on your
          jurisdiction. See your jurisdiction-specific terms for details.
Account Settings
If you are a registered member of the Services, you can make changes
          to your account information (including email settings) by logging into
          the Website and modifying your preferences.
Opt-Out of Email Marketing Communications
Certain email communications we send to you, such as newsletters and
          promotional announcements, contain a clearly worded "Opt-Out" or
          "Unsubscribe" link allowing you to withdraw your permission for future
          mailings. You may also opt-out of email marketing communications by
          contacting us at
privacy@maxmind.com
with your request. Please note that we reserve the right to send you
          certain communications relating to your account or use of the Services
          (for example, administrative and service announcements) and these
          transactional account messages may be unaffected even if you opt-out
          from marketing communications.
Opt-Out from Database Disclosures
As discussed above in Section 4, MaxMind may disclose information we
          have about you in our databases provided to our customers and third
          parties as part of their use of the GeoIP Services. These services are
          used by our customers and third parties for security, fraud detection,
          customizing content for website visitors (including displaying the
          appropriate language, currency, streaming options, or to block
          visitors from sanctioned countries or regions), and other similar
          purposes. Some databases may be used for marketing and advertising
          purposes for example to serve advertisements in a geographic area.
          MaxMind's services are not intended to be used for the purpose of
          locating or identifying a specific individual or household. If you
          wish for your IP address not to be disclosed in services that may be
          used for marketing and advertising purposes, you may submit an opt-out
          by clicking on the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
and submitting your request. Please note that your ability to opt-out
          may be limited under certain circumstances, including where the
          opt-out adversely affects the rights and freedoms of other natural
          persons.
Blocking or Deleting Cookies
You can manually delete cookies, which are normally located in your
          temporary Internet folder or cookie folder. You can also reset the
          preferences in your web browser to notify you when you have received a
          cookie or, alternatively, to refuse to accept cookies. Deleting or
          blocking cookies will prohibit your ability to make online purchases
          on the Services and to use and access portions of the Services that
          require logging in with a username and password, and may affect other
          functionality. When you manage cookies, pixels associated with such
          cookies may also be impacted. Please note that if you use multiple
          browsers, you will need to instruct each browser separately. If you
          delete or reset your cookies, you will need to reconfigure your
          settings. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser
          settings and limitations.
Analytics and Do Not Track
Some third parties we work with offer their own opt-out tools related
          to information collected through cookies. You may exercise choice
          regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Your browser or extension may allow you to automatically transmit
Do Not Track
and other preference signals, and unless required by law, we do not
          respond to such signals. To the extent you have specific rights in
          your jurisdiction with respect to certain preference signals, please
          see your jurisdiction-specific terms for details.
Customer-Related Requests
We acknowledge that you may have rights under applicable law in
          connection with the information we process on behalf of our customers.
          If information about you has been processed by us on behalf of a
          customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such
          information, please inquire with our customer directly. If you wish to
          make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our
          customer on whose behalf we processed your information. We will refer
          your request to that customer, and will support them to the extent
          required by applicable law in responding to your request.
7. International transfer
We are based in the U.S. and the information we collect is governed by
          U.S. law. If you are accessing the Services from outside of the U.S.,
          please be aware that information collected through the Services may be
          transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S. and other
          jurisdictions. Data protection laws in the U.S. and other
          jurisdictions may be different from those of your country of
          residence. Your use of the Services or provision of any information
          therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from,
          processing, usage, and storage of your information in the U.S. and
          other jurisdictions as set forth in this Privacy Policy. For personal
          data transferred from the European Union, China, the UK, and
          Switzerland to third countries that do not ensure an adequate level of
          data protection, we will provide appropriate safeguards, such as
          through the use of Standard Contractual Clauses and related
          supplementary measures.
8. Security and retention
MaxMind implements reasonable administrative, physical, and technical
          security measures to help protect your data from loss, theft, misuse
          and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
          However, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable.
          MaxMind cannot guarantee the security of the Services' servers or
          databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not
          be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
We retain each category of information for the length of time that is
          reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, and
          as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes,
          prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements.
9. Policy regarding children
The Services are not intended for use by children. MaxMind does not
          knowingly collect information from children under the age of sixteen.
          If you are a parent or guardian, and believe we have collected
          information about your child in violation of this policy, please
          contact us at the address set forth in Section 11 below.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy in response to
          changing business circumstances and legal developments. If there are
          material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how we use your
          information, we will prominently post such changes prior to
          implementing the change. We encourage you to periodically review this
          Privacy Policy to be informed of how we are collecting and using your
          information.
11. Contact us
If you have any questions about or trouble accessing this Privacy
          Policy, please contact us:
By email:
privacy@maxmind.com
By mail:
Privacy Agent
Legal Department
MaxMind, Inc.
51
          Pleasant Street #1020
Malden, MA 02148
U.S.A.
For residents of the EU, Switzerland and UK, Brazil-specific requests,
          and China-specific requests our Data Protection Officer may be reached
          at:
By email:
dpo@maxmind.com
By mail:
Data Protection Officer
MaxMind, Inc.
51 Pleasant Street
          #1020
Malden, MA 02148
U.S.A.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - European Representative
Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation
          (GDPR), MaxMind has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO)
          as its GDPR Representative in the EU. You can contact EDPO regarding
          matters pertaining to the GDPR:
by using EDPO's online request form:
https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request/
by writing to EDPO at Ground Floor, 71 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin,
            D02 P593, Ireland
UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative
Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, MaxMind has appointed EDPO UK
          Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK. You can contact EDPO UK
          regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR:
by using EDPO's online request form:
https://edpo.com/uk-gdpr-data-request/
by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY,
            United Kingdom
12. California
The California Privacy Rights Act ("
CPRA
") provides additional rights to California residents. This section
          addresses those rights and applies only to California residents. Terms
          have the meaning ascribed to them under CPRA unless otherwise stated.
Notice at Collection
At or before the time of collection of your personal information, you
          have a right to receive notice of our data practices. Our data
          practices are as follows:
For the categories of personal information we have collected in the
            past 12 months, see the
Information MaxMind Collects
section above.
For the categories of sources from which personal information is
            collected, see the
Information MaxMind Collects
section above.
For the specific business and commercial purposes for collecting and
            using personal information, see the
How MaxMind Uses Information
section above.
For the categories of third parties to whom information is
            disclosed, see the
How MaxMind Discloses Information
section above.
For the criteria used to determine the period of time information
            will be retained, see the
Security and Retention
section
            above.
Some of our disclosures of personal information may be considered a
          "sale" or "share" as those terms are defined under CPRA. A "sale" is
          broadly defined under the CPRA to include a disclosure for something
          of value, and a "share" is broadly defined under CPRA to include a
          disclosure for cross-context behavioral advertising. MaxMind collects,
          sells, and shares the following categories of personal information for
          commercial purposes: contact identifiers, commercial or transactions
          information, device identifiers, device information, internet
          activity, non-precise geolocation data, and inferences drawn from any
          of the above. The categories of third parties to whom we may sell or
          share your personal information include, where applicable, vendors,
          business partners and customers. We do not knowingly "sell" as defined
          by the CPRA the personal information of minors under 16 years old who
          are California residents. For details about your rights regarding
          sales and shares, please see the "Right to Opt-Out of Sales and
          Sharing" section below.
Right to Know, Correct, and Delete
You have the right to request the following from us:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was
            collected;
The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a
            business purpose or sold or shared;
The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was
            disclosed for a business purpose or sold or shared;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling or
            sharing the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about
            you.
In addition, subject to exceptions, you have the right to correct or
          delete the personal information we have collected from you.
To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our
          online forms available at Right to Know:
/en/ccpa/right-to-know
/en/geoip-data-correction-request
, and Right to Delete:
/en/data-deletion-and-verification
, or call our toll free number at 1-844-802-0220. If you have an
          account with us, we may require you to use the account to submit the
          request. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to
          exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your
          request within 10 days and respond to your request within 45 days. We
          may require specific information from you to help us verify your
          identity and process your request. If we are unable to verify your
          identity, we may deny your request.
If personal information about you has been processed by us as a
          service provider on behalf of a customer and you wish to exercise any
          rights you have with such personal information, please inquire with
          our customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to
          us, please provide the name of our customer on whose behalf we
          processed your personal information. We will refer your request to
          that customer, and will support them to the extent required by
          applicable law in responding to your request.
Right to Opt-Out of Sales and Sharing
To the extent MaxMind sells or shares your personal information as
          those terms are defined under the CPRA, you have the right to opt-out
          of the sale or sharing of your personal information, which you can
          exercise (i) by clicking
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
or (ii) by turning on a recognized opt-out preference signal, such as
          Global Privacy Control ("GPC") in your browser or extension. If
          MaxMind detects a GPC signal in your browser or extension MaxMind will
          treat that as a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of any
          personal information collected from your browser, but MaxMind will not
          opt your IP address out of our services unless you submit the webform
          located at
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
To the extent "sale" under the CPRA is interpreted to include the
          disclosure of MaxMind's databases as set out in the "How MaxMind
          Discloses Information" section MaxMind will comply with applicable law
          as to such activity. Please note that where we use and disclose
          personal information for purposes related to security, fraud
          detection, and other similar purposes, some of your rights may be
          limited to the extent that they adversely affect the rights and
          freedoms of other natural persons.
Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your
          behalf. Requests must be submitted through the designated methods
          listed above. Except for opt-out requests, we will require written
          proof of the agent's permission to do so and verify your identity
          directly.
Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for
          the exercise of any of your rights.
Shine the Light
California's "Shine the Light" law permits customers who are
          California residents to request certain details about how a business
          shares their personal information as defined by "Shine the Light" with
          third parties (and in some cases affiliates) for those third parties'
          or affiliates' own direct marketing purposes. California customers may
          request information about our compliance with this law by contacting
          us by email at
california-privacy@maxmind.com
or by mail at the address set forth in Section 11 above. Any such
          inquiry must include "California Privacy Rights Request" in the first
          line of the description and include your name, street address, city,
          state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are only required to respond
          to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to
          respond to requests made by means other than through this email or
          mail address.
CCPA Consumer Requests Metrics
To view metrics regarding consumer requests to know, delete, and opt
          out, for the previous calendar year (January 1 - December 31) please
          visit our
CCPA Metrics webpage
.
13. Nevada
Nevada law requires certain businesses to establish a designated
          request address where Nevada consumers may submit requests directing
          the business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that
          the business has collected or will collect about the consumer. A sale
          under Nevada law is the exchange of personal information for monetary
          consideration by the business to a third party for the third party to
          license or sell the personal information to other third parties. If
          you are a Nevada consumer from whom MaxMind has collected personal
          information and you wish to submit a request relating to our
          compliance with Nevada law, please contact us at
nevada-privacy@maxmind.com
. You may also submit a request to opt-out by clicking
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
.
14. Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia
These additional rights and disclosures apply only to residents of
          Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia.
          Terms have the meaning ascribed to them under applicable law.
Data Subject Rights
You have the following rights under applicable law in your region:
To confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data
To access your personal data
To correct inaccuracies in your personal data
To delete your personal data
To obtain a copy of your personal data that you previously provided
            to us in a portable and readily usable format
To exercise any of the above rights, please submit a request through
          our online forms available at Right to Know:
/en/ccpa/right-to-know
, Correction Request:
/en/geoip-data-correction-request
, and Right to Delete:
/en/data-deletion-and-verification
, or call our toll free number at 1-844-802-0220. We will respond to
          your request within 45 days. If you have an account with us, we may
          require you to use the account to submit the request. We may require
          specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and
          process your request. You have the right not to be discriminated
          against for exercising any of your rights.
If you are an Oregon resident, you also have the right to receive a
          list of the specific third parties to which we have disclosed personal
          data in our capacity as a controller, provided that MaxMind is not
          required to disclose its trade secrets. To exercise this right, please
          contact
privacy@maxmind.com
.
You also have the right to revoke consent previously given to us for
          the processing of your personal data. To revoke consent, write us at
          the email or postal address set out in the Contact Us section above
          (specifying the consent you wish to withdraw). If you withdraw
          consent, you may not be able to receive certain services related to
          that consent.
Some of the services we license to our customers could be used by our
          customers or others in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or
          similarly significant effects concerning you. For example, personal
          data processed through the minFraud service or personal data we
          license through GeoIP could be used by our customers in this way. To
          opt out of our processing of personal data in furtherance of decisions
          that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you,
          please follow the instructions for submitting an opt-out request under
          the "Right to Opt-Out of Processing for Targeted Advertising or Sales"
          section below. MaxMind will comply with applicable law as to such
          activity. Please note that where we use and disclose personal data for
          purposes related to security, fraud detection, and other similar
          purposes, some of your rights may be limited to the extent that they
          adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other natural persons.
If personal data about you has been processed by us as a processor on
          behalf of a customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with
          such personal data, please inquire with our customer directly. If you
          wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of
          our customer on whose behalf we processed your personal data. We will
          refer your request to that customer, and will support them to the
          extent required by applicable law in responding to your request. For
          requests relating to our customers' processing of personal data in
          furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant
          effects concerning you, please inquire with our customers directly.
Right to Opt-Out of Processing for Targeted Advertising or Sales
You also have the right to opt out of the processing of personal data
          for purposes of targeted advertising, or the sale of personal data.
          You can exercise these rights (i) by visiting by clicking
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
or (ii) by turning on a recognized opt-out preference signal, such as
          GPC in your browser or extension. If MaxMind detects a GPC signal in
          your browser or extension MaxMind will treat that as a request to
          opt-out of any personal data collected from your browser, but MaxMind
          will not opt your IP address out of our services unless you submit the
          webform located at
Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
To the extent "sale" under these laws is interpreted to include the
          disclosure of MaxMind's databases as set out in the "How MaxMind
          Discloses Information" section MaxMind will comply with applicable law
          as to such activity. Please note that where we use and disclose
          personal data for purposes related to security, fraud detection, and
          other similar purposes, some of your rights may be limited to the
          extent that they adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other
          natural persons.
Data Broker
The entity maintaining this website is a data broker under Texas
            law. To conduct business in Texas, a data broker must register with
            the Texas Secretary of State (Texas SOS). Information about data
            broker registrants is available on the Texas SOS website.
Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your
          behalf. Requests must be submitted through the designated methods
          listed above. Except for opt-out requests, we will require written
          proof of the agent's permission to do so and may verify your identity
          directly.
Appeal
If we refuse to take action on a request, you may appeal our decision
          within a reasonable period time by contacting us at
privacy@maxmind.com
and specifying you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of
          your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not
          taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of
          the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may submit
          a complaint as follows:
For Colorado residents, to the Colorado AG at
https://coag.gov/file-complaint/
For Connecticut residents, to the Connecticut AG at
https://www.dir.ct.gov/ag/complaint/
For Monatana residents:
https://dojmt.gov/consumer/
For Oregon residents:
https://justice.oregon.gov/consumercomplaints/
For Texas residents:
https://oag.my.salesforce-sites.com/CPDOnlineForm
For Utah residents:
https://attorneygeneral.utah.gov/contact/complaint-form/
For Virginia residents, to the Virginia Attorney General at
https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumercomplaintform
15. European Union, Switzerland and the United Kingdom
Roles
EU, Swiss and UK data protection laws make a distinction between
          organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known
          as "controllers") and organizations that process personal data on
          behalf of other organizations (known as "processors").
MaxMind, located at the address set forth in Section 11 above,
          generally operates as a processor on behalf of its customers that use
          the MaxMind's services. The MaxMind customer, the controller,
          determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
          Specifically, MaxMind's customer decides what personal data to share
          with MaxMind in order for MaxMind to provide the customer with robust
          risk score information, certain licensed data, the ability to flag
          potentially fraudulent activity, and other services as purchased by
          the customer. Please visit the applicable customer's privacy policy
          for information about their privacy practices.
MaxMind also operates as a controller with respect to certain of its
          services and/or databases. For example, MaxMind operates as a
          controller in connection with personal data collected from visitors
          through its website, including through data correction requests. Also,
          when MaxMind combines personal data from different customers, like
          many kinds of analytics services, it may do this both as a processor
          at its customers' instruction and as a controller itself for the
          purpose of providing services to all of its customers. For example,
          MaxMind may process and aggregate or otherwise de-identify some of the
          personal data that a customer shares with MaxMind in order to make
          that personal data part of another database for one or more other
          services provided to MaxMind customers.
Data Subject Rights
If you are a data subject in the European Union, Switzerland or UK,
          you have the right to access, rectify, or erase any personal data we
          have collected about you through the Services. You also have the right
          to data portability and the right to restrict or object to our
          processing of personal data we have collected about you through the
          Services. In addition, you have the right to ask us not to process
          your personal data (or provide it to third parties to process) for
          marketing purposes or purposes materially different than for which it
          was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. You may
          withdraw your consent at any time for any data processing we do based
          on consent you have provided to us.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us using the information at
          Section 11 above and specify which right you intend to exercise. We
          will respond to your request within 30 days. We may require additional
          information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note
          that we store information as necessary to fulfill the purposes for
          which it was collected, and may continue to retain and use the
          information even after a data subject request for purposes of our
          legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal
          obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our
          agreements.
If your information has been processed by us on behalf of one of our
          customers and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such
          information, please inquire with our customer directly. If you wish to
          make your request directly to MaxMind, please provide the name of the
          MaxMind customer on whose behalf MaxMind processes your information.
          We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them to
          the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to
          lodge a complaint with a European supervisory authority.
Lawful Basis
MaxMind processes personal data consistent with the lawful basis
          available under law.
In some instances, MaxMind’s lawful basis for processing personal data
          is consent. For example, individuals in the EU, Switzerland and UK can
          provide opt-in consent to our marketing emails. In other instances,
          MaxMind’s lawful basis for processing personal data is to comply with
          a legal obligation, such as if we were to receive a subpoena or court
          order requiring the disclosure of personal data.
In most instances, MaxMind’s lawful basis for processing personal data
          is for our or our customers’ legitimate interests. MaxMind’s
          legitimate interests include the following:
To detect and prevent fraud.
To provide, enhance and improve the accuracy and scope of our IP
            address intelligence and fraud detection products and services.
To create and manage accounts, confirm purchases, communicate,
            market and provide information related to our business
            relationships.
To establish, exercise and defend legal rights.
Website administration and customization.
International Transfer
For personal data transferred from the European Union, the UK, and
          Switzerland to third countries that do not ensure an adequate level of
          data protection, we will provide appropriate safeguards, such as
          through the use of Standard Contractual Clauses.
In addition, MaxMind complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
          (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the
          Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the
          U.S. Department of Commerce. MaxMind has certified to the U.S.
          Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy
          Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the
          processing of personal data received from the European Union and the
          United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to
          the EU-U.S. DPF. MaxMind has certified to the U.S. Department of
          Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
          Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing
          of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the
          Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this
          privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S.
          DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the
          Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification,
          please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
MaxMind is subject to the investigatory and enforcement jurisdiction
          of the United States Federal Trade Commission where MaxMind has
          transferred personal data in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK
          Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF. We hereby
          affirm our commitment to comply with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and
          the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles for all personal data transferred from
          the European Union, the United Kingdom and Switzerland in reliance on
          the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S.
          DPF. This means that MaxMind shall be liable to you for any third
          party agent to which we transfer your personal data in reliance on the
          EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the
          Swiss-U.S. DPF and that processes such personal data in a manner that
          violates the EU-US DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF
          Principles, unless we can demonstrate that we are not responsible for
          the resulting damages. MaxMind takes reasonable steps to ensure that
          personal data is relevant to its intended use and is accurate,
          complete, and current and retained only as long as needed for an
          intended or compatible purpose.
In compliance with the EU-U.S DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S DPF,
          and the Swiss-U.S DPF Principles, MaxMind commits to resolve
          complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your
          personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the
          EU-U.S DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and the Swiss-U.S Data
          Privacy Framework Principles. European Union, United Kingdom, and
          Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints should first contact
          our Data Protection Officer set forth in Section 11 of this Privacy
          Policy.
MaxMind has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints
          under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and
          Swiss-U.S. DPF program to an independent dispute resolution mechanism,
          Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If
          you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your
          complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided
          free of charge to you.
If your EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or
          Swiss-U.S. DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above
          channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration
          for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2
16. Brazil
Roles
Brazilian data protection laws make a distinction between
          organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known
          as "controllers") and organizations that process personal data on
          behalf of other organizations (known as "processors").
MaxMind, located at the address set forth in Section 11 above,
          generally operates as a processor on behalf of its customers that use
          the MaxMind's services. The MaxMind customer, the controller,
          determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
          Specifically, MaxMind's customer decides what personal data to share
          with MaxMind in order for MaxMind to provide the customer with robust
          risk score information, certain licensed data, the ability to flag
          potentially fraudulent activity, and other services as purchased by
          the customer. Please visit the applicable customer's privacy policy
          for information about their privacy practices.
MaxMind also operates as a controller with respect to certain of its
          services and/or databases. For example, MaxMind operates as a
          controller in connection with personal data collected from visitors
          through its website, including through data correction requests. Also,
          when MaxMind combines personal data from different customers, like
          many kinds of analytics services, it may do this both as a processor
          at its customers' instruction and as a controller itself for the
          purpose of providing services to all of its customers. For example,
          MaxMind may process and aggregate or otherwise de-identify some of the
          personal data that a customer shares with MaxMind in order to make
          that personal data part of another database for one or more other
          services provided to MaxMind customers.
Data Subject Rights
If you are a data subject in Brazil, you have the right to access,
          rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you
          through the Services. You also have the right to data portability and
          the right to restrict or object to our processing of personal data we
          have collected about you through the Services. In addition, you have
          the right to ask us not to process your personal data (or provide it
          to third parties to process) when the processing is based on a lawful
          basis provided under the law. This kind of request is different from
          raising a concern that your consent is noncompliant with the
          provisions of the LGPD, including raising a concern that your data is
          being used for purposes materially different than for which it was
          originally collected. You may withdraw your consent at any time for
          any data processing we do based on consent you have provided to us.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us using the information at
          Section 11 above and specify which right you intend to exercise. To
          exercise your right for confirmation of the existence of processing,
          access to data, portability of data, deletion of personal data,
          revocation of consent, or information on public and private entities
          with which the controller has shared the data, please submit a request
          through our online form available at
/en/lgpd
. We will respond to your request within 30 days and within 15 days
          if you would like MaxMind to confirm if your data is processed by us
          or to exercise the right of access to your personal data. We may
          require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your
          identity. Please note that we store information as necessary to
          fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, and may continue to
          retain and use the information even after a data subject request for
          purposes of our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply
          with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and
          enforce our agreements.
If your information has been processed by us on behalf of one of our
          customers and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such
          information, please inquire with our customer directly. If you wish to
          make your request directly to MaxMind, please provide the name of the
          MaxMind customer on whose behalf MaxMind processes your information.
          We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them to
          the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to
          lodge a complaint with the Brazilian supervisory authority or other
          authority indicated within applicable Law.
17. China
Roles
Chinese data protection laws make a distinction between organizations
          that process personal data for their own purposes (known as
          "controllers") and organizations that process personal data on behalf
          of other organizations (known as "processors").
MaxMind, located at the address set forth in Section 11 above,
          generally operates as a processor on behalf of its customers that use
          the MaxMind's services. The MaxMind customer, the controller,
          determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
          Specifically, MaxMind's customer decides what personal data to share
          with MaxMind in order for MaxMind to provide the customer with robust
          risk score information, certain licensed data, the ability to flag
          potentially fraudulent activity, and other services as purchased by
          the customer. Please visit the applicable customer's privacy policy
          for information about their privacy practices.
MaxMind also operates as a controller with respect to certain of its
          services and/or databases. For example, MaxMind operates as a
          controller in connection with personal data collected from visitors
          through its website, including through data correction requests. Also,
          when MaxMind combines personal data from different customers, like
          many kinds of analytics services, it may do this both as a processor
          at its customers' instruction and as a controller itself for the
          purpose of providing services to all of its customers. For example,
          MaxMind may process and aggregate or otherwise de-identify some of the
          personal data that a customer shares with MaxMind in order to make
          that personal data part of another database for one or more other
          services provided to MaxMind customers.
Data Subject Rights
If you are a data subject in China, you have the right to access,
          rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you
          through the Services. You also have the right to data portability and
          the right to restrict or object to our processing of personal data we
          have collected about you through the Services. In addition, you have
          the right to ask us not to process your personal data (or provide it
          to third parties to process) when the processing based on one lawful
          basis provided under the law different from consent is carried out not
          in compliance with the Law noncompliance with the provisions of the
          Personal Information Protection Law ("PIPL") and other applicable
          laws, including for purposes materially different than for which it
          was originally collected. You may withdraw your consent at any time
          for any data processing we do based on consent you have provided to
          us.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us using the information at
          Section 11 above and specify which right you intend to exercise. To
          exercise your right for confirmation of the existence of processing,
          access to data, portability of data, deletion of personal data,
          revocation of consent, or information on public and private entities
          with which the controller has shared the data, please submit a request
          through our online form available at
/en/pipl
. We will respond to your request within 30 days if you would like
          MaxMind to confirm if your data is processed by us, or within 15 days
          if you would like to exercise the right of access to your personal
          data. We may require additional information from you to allow us to
          confirm your identity. Please note that we store information as
          necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, and may
          continue to retain and use the information even after a data subject
          request for purposes of our legitimate interests, including as
          necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes,
          prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements, or if it is technically
          infeasible to delete such information.
If your information has been processed by us on behalf of one of our
          customers and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such
          information, please inquire with our customer directly. If you wish to
          make your request directly to MaxMind, please provide the name of the
          MaxMind customer on whose behalf MaxMind processes your information.
          We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them to
          the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to
          lodge a complaint with the Chinese supervisory authority or other
          authority indicated within applicable Law.
International Transfer
For personal data transferred from China to third countries that do
          not ensure an adequate level of data protection, we will provide
          appropriate safeguards, such as through the use of Standard
          Contractual Clauses.
In addition, MaxMind will comply with rules under applicable law
          regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from
          China.
Any inquiries or complaints relating to MaxMind's compliance with
          applicable laws, including any requests for access or correction of
          personal data, may be addressed to our Data Protection Officer set
          forth in Section 11 of this Privacy Policy. MaxMind will investigate
          and attempt to resolve any inquiries brought to its attention.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍
Sub-policy 4
https://smartbear.com/privacy:
About cookies on this site
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage, to provide social media features and to enhance and customize content and advertisements.
Learn more
Cookie settings
Allow all cookies
❮
❯
Categories
Cookie declaration
Cookies used on the site are categorized and below you can read about each category and allow or deny some or all of them. When categories than have been previously allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser.
Additionally you can see a list of cookies assigned to each category and detailed information in the cookie declaration.
Learn more
Allow all cookies
Deny all

Necessary cookies
Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
CookieHub
CookieHub is a Consent Management Platform (CMP) which allows users to control storage and processing of personal information.
Privacy Policy
cookiehub
Cloudflare
Cloudflare is a global network designed to make everything you connect to the Internet secure, private, fast, and reliable.
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
__cf_bm
Amazon Web Services
Amazon Web Services offers a broad set of global cloud-based products including compute, storage, databases, analytics, networking, mobile, developer tools, management tools, IoT, security, and enterprise applications.
AWSALB
Shopify
Shopify is an eCommerce platform that allows businesses to create, manage, and scale online stores.
secure_customer_sig
cart_currency
_shopify_y
_orig_referrer
_landing_page
_shopify_s
_shopify_sa_t
_shopify_sa_p
shopify_pay_redirect
Microsoft ASP.Net
ASP.NET is an open source web framework, created by Microsoft, for building modern web apps and services.
Privacy Policy
ASP.NET_SessionId
ASP.NET_SessionId
Marketo
Privacy Policy
_mkto_trk
Google reCaptcha
Google reCaptcha enables web hosts to distinguish between human and automated access to websites.
Privacy Policy
_GRECAPTCHA

Preferences
Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.
Zendesk
AWSALBCORS
Drift
Privacy Policy
drift_campaign_refresh
drift_aid
driftt_aid

Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Privacy Policy
_gid
_ga_*
_ga
test_cookie
_ga
_gid

Marketing cookies
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. By enabling marketing cookies, you grant permission for personalized advertising across various platforms.
Google Ads
Google Ads is an advertising service by Google for businesses that want to display ads on Google search results and its advertising network.
Privacy Policy
_gcl_au
IDE
test_cookie
Facebook Pixel
A piece of code that lets businesses measure, optimise and build audiences for advertising campaigns.
Privacy Policy
_fbp
LinkedIn Insight
The LinkedIn Insight tag powers conversion tracking, website audiences, and website demographics within the LinkedIn system.
Privacy Policy
bcookie
lidc
li_gc
AnalyticsSyncHistory
UserMatchHistory
bscookie
Microsoft Ads
Microsoft Advertising (formerly Bing Ads) is a service that provides pay per click advertising on the Bing, Yahoo!, and DuckDuckGo search engines.
Privacy Policy
MUID
MSPTC
_uetsid
_uetvid
Twitter
Twitter is an online news and social networking site where people communicate in short messages called tweets.
muc_ads
guest_id_marketing
guest_id_ads
personalization_id
guest_id
6sense
Privacy Policy
_an_uid
_gd_visitor
_gd_session
Convert
Privacy Policy
_conv_v
_conv_s

Other cookies
The cookies in this category have not yet been categorized and the purpose may be unknown at this time.
Cookies used on the site are categorized and below you can read about each category and allow or deny some or all of them. When categories than have been previously allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser.
Additionally you can see a list of cookies assigned to each category and detailed information in the cookie declaration.
Learn more
Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
Necessary cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
CMSCsrfCookie
smartbear.com
Session
These cookies are linked to advertising and tracking the products users were looking at.
ASP.NET_SessionId
smartbear.com
Microsoft
Session
Used by Microsoft ASP.Net web applications to maintain anonymous user's session state between page views
sbcart
smartbear.com
31 days
Used to remember which products are in the shopping cart
_mkto_trk
.smartbear.com
Marketo, Inc.
400 days
This cookie is associated with an email marketing service provided by Marketo. This tracking cookie allows a website to link visitor behavior to the recipient of an email marketing campaign, to measure campaign effectiveness.
__cf_bm
.www2.smartbear.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
BIGipServer
www2.smartbear.com
Session
Cookie used for connection persistence and routing the request to proper server in server pool
LiSESSIONID
community.smartbear.com
Session
LithiumVisitor
community.smartbear.com
182 days, 16 hours
AWSALB
community.smartbear.com
7 days
Amazon Web Services cookie. This cookie enables us to allocate server traffic to make the user experience as smooth as possible. A so-called load balancer is used to determine which server currently has the best availability. The information generated cannot identify you as an individual.
AWSALBCORS
community.smartbear.com
Zendesk
7 days
Amazon Web Services cookie. This cookie enables us to allocate server traffic to make the user experience as smooth as possible. A so-called load balancer is used to determine which server currently has the best availability. The information generated cannot identify you as an individual.
__cf_bm
.post.getzephyr.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
cookiehub
.smartbear.com
CookieHub
365 days
Used by CookieHub to store information about whether visitors have given or declined the use of cookie categories used on the site.
__cf_bm
.smartbear.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
ASP.NET_SessionId
support.smartbear.com
Microsoft
Session
Used by Microsoft ASP.Net web applications to maintain anonymous user's session state between page views
secure_customer_sig
swag.smartbear.com
365 days
Used by Shopify in connection with customer login.
localization
swag.smartbear.com
365 days
This cookie is used to store an interface language.
cart_currency
swag.smartbear.com
14 days
Used by Shopify to show the content of your cart in the right currency
shopify_pay_redirect
swag.smartbear.com
1 hour
Used by Shopify in connection with checkout
_tracking_consent
.smartbear.com
365 days
Used by Shopify to store a user's preferences if a merchant has set up privacy rules in the visitor's region.
__cf_bm
.t.co
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
_GRECAPTCHA
www.google.com
Google
180 days
Used by Google reCaptcha for risk analysis
Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.
Preferences
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
CMSPreferredCulture
smartbear.com
365 days
lidc
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
1 day
Used by LinkedIn for routing.
li_gc
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
180 days
Used by LinkedIn to store consent of guests regarding the use of cookies for non-essential purposes
Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Analytical cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
_gid
.smartbear.com
Google
1 day
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
_ga_
.smartbear.com
Google
400 days
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics 4 to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
bcookie
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
365 days
This is a Microsoft MSN 1st party cookie for sharing the content of the website via social media.
_ga
.smartbear.com
Google
400 days
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
mktLP
.smartbear.com
Session
userId
smartbear.com
400 days
_ga
.support.smartbear.com
Google
400 days
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
_gid
.support.smartbear.com
Google
1 day
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
_shopify_y
.smartbear.com
365 days, 6 hours
Shopify analytics.
_orig_referrer
.smartbear.com
14 days
Used by Shopify to track landing pages.
_landing_page
.smartbear.com
14 days
Used by Shopify to track landing pages.
_shopify_s
.smartbear.com
1 hour
Shopify analytics.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. By enabling marketing cookies, you grant permission for personalized advertising across various platforms.
Marketing cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
_gcl_au
.smartbear.com
Google Advertising Products
90 days
Used by Google AdSense to understand user interaction with the website by generating analytical data.
_an_uid
smartbear.com
6Sense Insights, Inc.
7 days
6sense cookie that presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
_gd_visitor
smartbear.com
6Sense Insights, Inc.
400 days
6sense cookie that collects visitor data related to the user’s visit to the website, such as number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, for the purpose of serving targeted advertisements.
_gd_session
smartbear.com
6Sense Insights, Inc.
4 hours
6sense cookie that collects visitor data related to the user’s visit to the website, such as number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, for the purpose of serving targeted advertisements.
muc_ads
.t.co
Twitter, Inc.
400 days
This is a cookie that is set by twitter.com. It is used for optimizing ad relevance by collecting visitor navigation data.
guest_id_marketing
.twitter.com
Twitter, Inc.
400 days
guest_id_ads
.twitter.com
Twitter, Inc.
400 days
This cookie is used by Twitter for advertising when logged out
personalization_id
.twitter.com
Twitter, Inc.
400 days
This cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website.
guest_id
.twitter.com
Twitter, Inc.
400 days
This cookie is used by Twitter for authentication
drift_campaign_refresh
smartbear.com
Drift.com, Inc.
1 hour
Used by Drift to provide Website Chat functionality.
drift_aid
smartbear.com
Drift.com, Inc.
400 days
Used by Drift to provide Website Chat functionality.
driftt_aid
smartbear.com
Drift.com, Inc.
400 days
This is the anonymous identifier token. It is used to tie the visitor on your website with the profile within the Drift system.
IDE
.doubleclick.net
Google Advertising Products
390 days
Used by Google's DoubleClick to serve targeted advertisements that are relevant to users across the web. Targeted advertisements may be displayed to users based on previous visits to a website. These cookies measure the conversion rate of ads presented to the user.
MUID
.bing.com
Microsoft
390 days
Microsoft User Identifier tracking cookie used by Bing Ads. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking.
_conv_v
.smartbear.com
Convert Insights Inc.
182 days, 12 hours
Visitor cookie for convert.com, used for A/B testing content in order to improve the website.
_conv_s
.smartbear.com
Convert Insights Inc.
1 hour
Session cookie for convert.com, used for A/B testing content in order to improve the website.
_fbp
.smartbear.com
Meta Platforms
90 days
Facebook Pixel advertising first-party cookie. Used by Facebook to track visits across websites to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
test_cookie
.doubleclick.net
Google
1 hour
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies
MSPTC
.bing.com
Microsoft
390 days
AnalyticsSyncHistory
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
30 days
Used by LinkedIn to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries
UserMatchHistory
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
30 days
Contains a unique identifier used by LinkedIn to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
bscookie
.www.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
365 days
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
_shopify_sa_t
.smartbear.com
1 hour
Shopify analytics relating to marketing & referrals.
_shopify_sa_p
.smartbear.com
1 hour
Shopify analytics relating to marketing & referrals.
_uetsid
.smartbear.com
Microsoft
1 day
This cookie is used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site.
_uetvid
.smartbear.com
Microsoft
390 days
Used by Microsoft Advertising to store a unique, anonymized visitor ID to personalize marketing.
receive-cookie-deprecation
.adnxs.com
400 days
Privacy Sandbox testing cookie to preview how site behavior and functionality work without third-party cookies.
receive-cookie-deprecation
.doubleclick.net
180 days
Privacy Sandbox testing cookie to preview how site behavior and functionality work without third-party cookies.
The cookies in this category have not yet been categorized and the purpose may be unknown at this time.
Other cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
userId
community.smartbear.com
400 days
CMSPreferredCulture
support.smartbear.com
365 days
userId
swag.smartbear.com
400 days
trackalyzer
lltrck.com
365 days
csrf-aurora
community.smartbear.com
Session
CMSCurrentTheme
smartbear.com
1 day
Save settings
SmartBear Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Software License and Services Types
Data Processing Addendum
Acceptable Use Policy
Trial Terms of Use
SmartBear Privacy Notice
Effective Date: July 8, 2022
Last Updated: July 8, 2022
This Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) applies to personal information collected by, or provided to, SmartBear Software Inc., and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively "SmartBear”, "we", “us", “our") via the websites, applications, and electronic communications from which it is linked (collectively, the “Platform”). This Notice describes how SmartBear uses the personal information that it collects, receives, maintains, and stores about you. This Notice does not apply to Customer Data (as defined in the SmartBear Terms of Use) processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using SmartBear’s products and services. Our customers are responsible for deciding how Customer Data is used, so please see their applicable privacy notice for more information.
1. Types of personal information Collected
We may collect personal information from or about you in order to provide, enhance, market, and offer our products and services offered via the Platform, and to otherwise communicate with you. This section describes the categories of personal information we may collect, including personal information we have collected in the past twelve months. You are not required to give us all the personal information identified in this Notice; however, if you do not provide requested personal information, we may not be able to provide you with some or all of our services.
Contact and Demographic Information –
name; address (including billing and shipping address); telephone number; email address; and fax number.
Payment Information
– If you make a purchase, we will collect your payment information including your credit card information and billing address, together with your purchase details.
Account Information
– We may also collect user ID and password, and screen name.
Location Data
–While navigating the Platform, your mobile device or browser may share your location data, both through WiFi and GPS, and IP address or MAC address. We will collect this information based on the settings of your phone and browser.
Usage Information
– We may also collect usage and device information when you visit the Platform. This may include information relating to your Internet activity or other electronic network activity, which includes device information; web server type and version; PHP version; database type and version; cookie information; device information; browsing activities, and platform or mobile application use data; referring domain; destination domain and destination path; performance, security, software configuration and availability of our software on your servers and network; website user statistics and website and portal use and viewing activity records; and communication preferences.
Education and Employment Information –
If you apply for employment with SmartBear, we will collect your employment and work history, as well as personal information related to your potential employment. This may include, but is not limited to, your education and employment history, address and contact information, demographic information, and the contents of your resume.
Communication Information
- We may collect audio, electronic, or visual information, which includes screen sharing views; any data in any files uploaded, emailed or otherwise provided by customers; the contents of your communications with SmartBear, whether via email, social media, telephone or otherwise; and inferences we may make from other personal information we collect.
2. Method of Information Collection
We collect personal information in a variety of ways. We collect personal information directly from you; for example, when you visit our websites, respond to a survey, participate in a telephone interaction, fill out a registration form or otherwise use our software, or communicate with us through one of our websites to receive information about our business to business services or to schedule a demonstration of our products or programs, and if you expressed interest in being contacted by us at a trade show in which we participated or hosted.
We may also collect personal information from third parties. For example, we may collect personal information from service providers that help us to build and maintain our contact lists, that integrate their services into ours, or in other ways work with us for our mutual benefit.
We also collect personal information from you passively. For example, our Platform uses tracking tools like cookies, pixels, and web beacons to collect usage and browser information. For more information about the trackers that we use, please see Section 6 of this Notice. Additionally, if you enable location data on your device, this data will be collected based on the location settings on your device.
3. Combining Personal Information
We may combine personal information we obtain. For example, we may combine personal information that we have collected online with personal information that we have collected offline, for instance during calls between you and our support team. We may also combine personal information that we have collected across other third party sites or from other third parties with personal information we already have.
4. How We Use Personal Information
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may use personal information to:
operate our Platform and provide support to our business functions;
fulfill customer requests, such as to create a SmartBear account or complete customer purchases;
protect against criminal activity, claims and other liabilities;
send customers information regarding SmartBear, our Platform, and our products and services;
respond to reviews, comments, or other feedback provided to us;
support and personalize our Platform, products and services, websites, mobile services, and advertising;
protect the security and integrity of our Platform, content, and our business;
provide customer support;
the extent required for benchmarking, data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing our Platform, facilitating product, software and applications development, improving our services, conducting research, analysis, studies or surveys, identifying usage trends, as well as for other analytics purposes;
meet our contractual requirements;
comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements and our policies;
communicate with our customers, including to provide them with information about our products, programs, services and promotions;
market, advertise, and provide our Platform; and
the extent necessary for any other lawful purpose for which the personal information is collected.
5. Sharing personal information
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
Within SmartBear
– We may share your personal information within our family of companies.
Service Providers –
When we hire a service provider to help operate the Platform or our business, we may allow access to personal
information
as necessary to perform the service for us. This may include service providers that operate our Platform, send our communications, or run our promotions.
Business Partners –
We may share personal information with our trusted business partners. For example, we may share your personal information with a company when we co-sponsor a promotion or service. These partners may use your personal information to, among other things, send you information or contact you about their services and products.
Third Parties for Marketing Purposes
–To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may share personal information with third parties for purposes of our marketing, advertising, promotions, contests, or other similar purposes.
Legal Obligation or Protection from Harm -
When we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the personal information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy or comply with any requirement of law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce or investigate a potential violation of the Terms of Use, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise respond to fraud, security or technical concerns, (d) support auditing and compliance functions, or (e) protect the rights, property, or safety of SmartBear, its users, or the public against harm.
Mergers, Acquisitions, Divestitures-
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of transfer or sale of some or all of our business, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, personal information may be transferred along with the business. Where legally required we will give you prior notice and, if you have a legal right to do so, an opportunity to object to this transfer.
Purposes described to you –
We may share your personal information for other purposes, as we describe to you and as permitted by applicable law.
6. Cookies and Other Technologies
We collect information about users over time on the Platform by using several common types of cookies and other tracking technologies including log files, pixel tags, web bugs, web beacons, clear GIFs, Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 and Flash or other similar technologies to collect information about the ways you interact with and use the SmartBear Platform, to support and enhance features and functionality, to monitor performance, to personalize content and experiences, for marketing and analytics, and for other lawful purposes. We may also permit third parties that collect information in this way on our behalf and for their own purposes. Cookies are small files that download when you access certain websites. For more information about cookies visit:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
To assist us with analyzing our website traffic through cookies and similar technologies, we use analytics services such as Google Analytics. For more information on Google Analytics’ processing of your information, please see
“How Google uses data when you use our partners' Platforms or apps.”
You can opt-out of Google Analytics by installing
Google’s opt-out browser add-on
.
These cookies may be placed by us (first-party) or by a third party. These cookies may also be Flash Cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies
click here
. We may use cookies that are session-based or persistent. Session cookies expire when you close your browser or turn off your device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn off device.
We may use a variety of cookies:
Type of Cookies
Description
Required
Required cookies are essential for the operation of SmartBear Products and Services. They include, for example, cookies that allow you to access secure areas of the Platform and using our services.
Performance
These cookies collect information about how you use the SmartBear Products and Services, including which pages you go to most often and if they receive error messages from certain pages. The information collected via these cookies is only used to improve how the Platform functions and performs.
Functionality
Functionality cookies allow the Platform to remember information you have entered or choices you make (such as your username, language, or your region) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies also enable you to optimize your use of the Platform after logging in. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
Targeting or Advertising
From time-to-time, we may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Platform. We sometimes use cookies delivered by third parties to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the Platform. The information provided to third parties does not include Personal Data, but this information may be re-associated with Personal Data after we receive it.
By way of example, as you visit the Platform, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our advertising partners then enable us to present you with retargeted advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with the Platform.
Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on the Platform or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored.
Most internet browsers accept cookies by default. You can accept, or block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to reject all or some cookies. You may also be able to change your cookie preferences via the Platform. The help and support area on your internet browser should have instructions on how to block or delete cookies. Some web browsers (including some mobile web browsers) provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you to when a cookie is placed on your computer, tablet or mobile device. Although you are not required to accept cookies, if you block or reject them, you may not have access to all of the features available through the SmartBear Products and Services.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
.
To find out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit aboutcookies.org. For more details on your choices regarding use of your web browsing activity for interest-based advertising you may visit the following sites:
networkadvertising.org
optout.aboutads.info
youradchoices.com
youronlinechoices.eu
On a mobile device, you may also be to adjust your settings to permit or limit ad tracking.
7. Children Under the Age of 13
The Platform is meant for adults and we will not knowingly collect personal information from any person under the age of 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. The Platform is not designed to attract the attention of persons under the age of 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us information you can email us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
. You can also write to us at the address listed in the “Contact Us” section of this Notice. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Inquiry.”
8. Your Choices
Depending on where you are located, you may have certain choices about how we use your personal information, including the right to access, receive a copy of, correct, delete, and opt-out of the processing of, your Personal Data. To exercise your rights (including to opt-out of marketing communications) please email us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
or by following the instructions included in the email or text correspondence.
Please note that, even if you unsubscribe from certain correspondence, we may still need to contact you with important transactional or administrative information, as permitted by law. Additionally, if you withdraw your consent or object to processing, or if you choose not to provide certain personal information, we may be unable to provide some or all of the services to you.
9. California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California’s Shine the Light statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83), you can control if we share personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes. To opt-out of us sharing your personal information with third parties for such purposes, email us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
include “Marketing Opt-Out” in your request.
In addition, pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”), California residents may have certain other rights concerning their personal information. This section describes (i) the categories of personal information collected and disclosed by SmartBear, subject to CCPA, (ii) your privacy rights under CCPA, and (iii) how to exercise those rights.
When we use the term “personal information” in this section, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
a. Personal Information We Collect.
During the past twelve (12) months we and our service providers have collected the categories of personal information set forth below. We may disclose each of these categories of personal information to our service providers for our business purposes (to enable the service providers to provide their services) and as otherwise described in the “How We Disclose Personal Information” section above. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use personal information collected for additional purposes without providing you notice.
Identifiers (for example, name, postal address, date of birth, email address, IP address, and online identifiers);
Categories of personal information as defined by Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80 (for example, name, signature, Taxpayer Identification Number, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license number, insurance policy number, account numbers);
Protected classifications under California or federal law (for example, age, citizenship status, national origin or ancestry);
Commercial information (for example, transaction history);
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information on your usage of our Sites;
Geolocation data;
Sensory data (for example, audio from call recordings);
Employment related information; and
Inferences drawn from any information identified above to create a profile.
b. Your Privacy Rights.
In accordance with the CCPA, California residents may exercise, under certain conditions, the following privacy rights with respect to their personal information.
Please note
: you will
not
be discriminated against in any way if you exercise the rights listed below, which means we will not deny goods or services to you, provide different prices or rates for goods or services to you, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you.
Privacy Right
Description
Notice
You may have the right to be notified, at or before the point of collection, of the categories of personal information we collect and the purposes for which they will be used and shared.
Access
You may have the right to request the categories of personal information that we collected in the previous twelve (12) months, the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected, the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, and the business purposes for which such personal information is collected and shared. You may also have the right to request the categories of personal information which were disclosed for business purposes, and the categories of third parties in the twelve (12) months preceding your request for your personal information.
Data Portability
You may have the right to receive a portable copy of the personal information you have previously provided to us.
Erasure
You may have the right to ask us to delete (and have us direct our service providers to delete) your personal information. However, please be aware that we may not fulfill your request for deletion if we (or our service provider(s)) are required or permitted to retain your personal information for one or more of the following categories of purposes: (1) to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or complete a contract between us and you; (2) to ensure our website integrity, security, and functionality; (3) to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law (including free speech rights); or (4) to otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
To Opt-Out
We do not sell your personal information. If in the future we do sell your personal information, we will notify you and you may have the right to opt-out of such sale.
c. How to Exercise Your Rights.
If you would like to exercise your rights listed above, please send (or have your authorized agent send) an email to
Privacy@smartbear.com
, or call us toll free at +1 (617) 684 2600.
d. How We Respond to Your Requests.
In all cases, we will respond to your request within 45 days. However, where reasonably necessary, we may extend our response time by an additional 45 days, provided we send you notice of such extension first. We will provide the information to you via your preferred delivery mechanism. If the information is provided to you electronically, we will provide you the information in a portable format and, to the extent technically feasible, in a machine readable, readily usable format that allows you to freely transmit this information without hindrance.
Please note that we will not charge you for making a request, provided that you make no more than two (2) requests per year. If you make three (3) or more requests in any given twelve (12) month period, we may refuse to respond to such requests, if determined by us to be unfounded or excessive (e.g. repetitive in nature), or we may charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested. If we refuse to act on the request, we will provide you notice and the reason for our refusal to act.
10. Information for Individuals in the EU and UK
In accordance with European and UK law (collectively, the “GDPR”), individuals in the EU and/or UK may have additional rights relating to the collection and processing of personal information.
a. Basis for Processing
Our legal basis for processing the personal information described in this Notice will depend on the personal information concerned and the context in which we process it. We process personal information from you:
where we need it to perform a contract with you;
where the processing is in our legitimate interests (including the purposes described, above, in
How We Use personal information
);
where the processing is necessary for us to meet our applicable legal obligations; or
if we otherwise have your consent.
b. Your Privacy Rights
Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to:
Request access
to your personal information.
Request correction
of your personal information.
Request erasure
of your personal information. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal information.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal information..
Request the transfer
of your personal information to you or to a third party.
Withdraw consent
at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights or would like further information please contact us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
. Depending on the nature of your request, we may need to verify your identity.
Depending on where you are located, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority or other regulatory agency if you believe that we have violated any of the rights concerning personal information. We encourage you to first reach out to us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
or using the address in the “Contact Us” section below, so we have an opportunity to address your concerns directly before you do so.
11. Storage, Security and Retention of Information
We take reasonable steps to protect the personal information users share with us, including, but not limited to, setup of processes, equipment and software to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure of this information. No transmission of information via the Internet can be entirely secure, however, so please always use caution when submitting personal information. We will retain your personal information in compliance with the uses described in this Notice, as well as to comply with our legal, financial reporting, or compliance obligations.
12. Transfers of Personal Information
We process and store personal information both inside the United States and overseas. If you live outside of the United States, be advised that we may transfer your personal information to the United States and other countries, whose laws may not provide the same protections as the laws in your country. Personal information transferred outside of the European Economic Area will be subject to the appropriate safeguards pursuant to GDPR and other applicable law, including without limitation, standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission.
13. Data Privacy Framework
SmartBear complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  SmartBear has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  SmartBear has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over SmartBear’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, SmartBear commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact SmartBear at:
Legal Department
SmartBear Software Inc.
450 Artisan Way
Somerville, MA 02145
Phone: +1 (617) 684-2600
privacy@smartbear.com
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, SmartBear commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. If you have a complaint that we have violated the DPF Principles that has not been resolved by other means, you may have the ability to invoke binding arbitration as outlined more fully at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
We may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If we transfer your personal data onward to a third party, we will continue to remain liable under the DPF Principles if the information is processed in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles.
14. Links to Third Parties and their Sites
Our Platform may include third party content and links to third party websites and services that collect personal information. We do not control these third parties and this Notice does not apply to their privacy practices. We are not responsible for the practices of these third parties or how they use information you provide to them. Please read the third parties’ privacy policies carefully.
15. Contacting SmartBear
If you have any questions about this Notice or the privacy practices of SmartBear please email us at
Privacy@smartbear.com
Our European representative can be contacted by email at
Privacy@smartbear.com
, or by writing to:
General Counsel, Legal Dept.
Mayoralty House, Flood Street
Galway, Ireland
Our United Kingdom representative can be contacted by email at
Privacy@Smartbear.com
, or by writing to:
General Counsel, Legal Dept.
3 More London Riverside
London, SE1 2AQ
England
If you are contacting us to exercise your rights with respect to your personal information as detailed in this Notice, we ask you to please adhere to the following guidelines:
Tell Us Which Right You Are Exercising
: Specify which right you want to exercise and the personal information to which your request relates (if not to you). If you are acting on behalf of another consumer, please clearly indicate this fact and your authority to act on such consumer’s behalf;
Help Us Verify Your Identity
: Provide us enough information to verify your identity. For example, provide us (at a minimum) your full name, address, and phone number. Please note that if we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process. Any personal information you disclose to us for purposes of verifying your identity will solely be used for the purpose of verification.
Direct Our Response Delivery
: Inform us of the delivery mechanism with which you prefer to receive our response. You may specify, for example, email, mail, or through your account (if you have one with us).
Please note that you do not need to create an account with us in order to make a request to exercise your rights hereunder.
16. Updates
This Notice may be amended from time-to-time. Unless otherwise indicated, any changes to this Notice will apply immediately upon posting to the Platform so please check our site periodically for updates. You can see when this Notice was last updated by reviewing the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page. We will provide notice of material changes by updating the Notice here, and communicating with you in the manner and format in which we typically communicate with you in our regular course of business, as required by applicable law.
LOGIN
Additional SmartBear Tools
AlertSite
QAComplete
BitBar
SwaggerHub
CucumberStudio
VisualTest
LoadNinja
Additional Links
SmartBear Community
Case Management
License System