You need to enable JavaScript to see this website.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 1 January 2022
This document is meant to describe what user information GOOSE MAPS LTD products (Products) collect and how they use it.
We may change this Privacy Policy at some point but we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
If you find any inconsistency in this document related to one of such products do not hesitate to contact us.
The general idea is this: we do not sell your data for targeting or use it ourselves for the same purposes. So we do not want any personal information (such data collection that can identify you as a person) about you. The only exception may be if the law in a certain country orders us to do that.
We do collect some other information to protect our services, improve our Products or for statistical purposes.
All such data is meant to be transferred to our servers only through secure encrypted connections.
It is not meant to use any persistent system-wide IDs with it (device ID, MAC address, etc) so we or anybody else can't identify you as a person.
Even more: we work hard to isolate parts of our system, so there's no cross-linked IDs or data pieces and there's no way such data can be used in any unintended way.
1. Automatic crash or bug reports.
When applicable we try to collect crash or unintended product behaviour reports.
This information is stored without any personal identifiers and is crucial in creating a reliable product.
2. IP addresses and HTTP headers.
We or our partners (that we may use to provide certain services like web site hosting or CDN) sometimes collect HTTP headers and store them for a reasonable amount of time in a form of access logs in case of the service abuse. If a system detects abuse that information (like an IP address) can be used to block future connections from it.
Such a log record contains: timestamp, headers and accessed resource url. So in most cases for some period of time we or our partners know that there is an IP address from which somebody accessed certain resources (like web pages or map data archives) within a certain timeframe.
No tracking IDs are linked to that information and none of this information is used in any other part of our services.
3. Product statistics.
We collect product usage statistics on our servers to understand problems in our user experience (UX), to find bugs and to see how and when our Products are used. This information includes events like application startups, button clicks or taps on the map and does not contain any personal identifiers.
4. Device information.
We collect information about your device to properly address bugs and to understand what testing devices we need to cover most of our audience. This information includes things like your device model, locale and may include a vague geo area (like country or city you're in). This information does not contain any personal identifiers either.
5. Accurate geo position.
We sometimes collect your GPS or A-GPS tracks when you use our Products. For example, when we assist you with walking or riding directions.
The purpose of this data collection is to detect problems with and improve our navigation capabilities or to provide you with the explicitly requested functionality.
When it is needed this information uses random ID for every track, so it is useless outside of the aforementioned scope.
6. Data export.
We do not share or export your data from our Products unless you explicitly ask us to do so. For example, when you click a dedicated export or share button.
© Copyright Goose Maps Ltd. 2022