Privacy
The privacy policy for all neonish products (websites, software, apps, etc.) is listed in the supplementary point ("Privacy Policy") in English only, as this is the primary language of the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. For this website's privacy policy, see
here
!
European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS):
Christian Guss
Lutherstraße 21
30171 Hannover
Germany
Contact:
apps@neonish.com
Privacy Policy
Updated December 2021
In brief: Neonish itself does not collect ANY Personal Information about you.
We are pleased about your interest in neonish products. The protection of your personal data is an important concern for us. This page informs you of our policies regarding the
                                    collection, use, and disclosure of personal data and on what legal basis this is done.
Neonish ("we", "us", or "our") operates this website ("Website") and several mobile applications ("Apps") (Mobile applications and website together the "Services")
The use of our services is possible without any indication of personal data. Preferences and user input made in the apps are, if at all, stored locally on the device and are not
                                    transmitted to us. However, processing of personal data may become necessary if a data subject wants to use special features via our services, e.g. use a contact form.
The processing of personal data (e.g. name, address, e-mail address) shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Collection and processing of personal data
We only store personal data if the data subject provides this data voluntary, e.g. by using a contact form, and only as this is permitted to us on the basis of a consent given by the
                                    data subject or in accordance with the applicable legal provisions.
Our services automatically collect a series of general data and information when a data subject uses them. This general data is stored in the server log files. Collected data and
                                    information of the accessing system may contain the browser type and version, the operating system, the referring website from which an accessing system reaches our website, the
                                    sub-website, the timestamp of the access, an IP-address, the Internet service provider and similar data and information about the accessing device which can be used in the event of an
                                    attack on our IT systems. When using such collected data and information, we do not draw any conclusions about the data subject. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored
                                    separately from all personal data provided elsewhere by a data subject. The gathered information is only needed to deliver the content of our services, optimize the content of our
                                    services and advertisement, ensure the viability of our services on the long-run, and to provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in
                                    case of a cyber-attack. We may analyze anonymously collected data and information statistically to increase our data protection and data security, and to ensure the best protection of
                                    the personal data we process.
We do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
External hosting
This website and some of our services are hosted by an external service provider (one.com). The personal data collected on this website is stored on the host's servers. This can be v. a. IP addresses, contact requests, meta and communication data, contract data, contact details, names, website access and other data generated via a website.
The hoster is used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract with our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b DSGVO) and in the interest of a secure, fast and efficient provision of our online offer by a professional provider (Art. 6 Para 1 lit. b GDPR). 1 lit. f GDPR).
Our hoster will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfill his performance obligations and follow our instructions in relation to this data.
We use the following hoster:
One.com Group AB
Karlsgatan 3
211 20 Malmö
Sweden
Ad serving
Some of our mobile applications use advertising currently provided by Google Admob. This third-party service may place or recognize a unique cookie or utilize similar technology for identifiable information. To learn about opt-out possibilities regarding analytics and targeted advertising, please visit their respective privacy policy:
Admob Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
, Opt-out:
https://adssettings.google.com
For general information on ad serving companies and how to opt out of their targeted advertising, please visit:
https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
.
Cookies
Cookies Like most other Internet pages, we use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files which are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.Cookies may contain a
                                    so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie in form of a character string. Through this ID websites and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet
                                    browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited websites and servers to distinguish the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers that contain
                                    other cookies and thus makes the specific Internet browser identifiable and recognizable.Through the use of cookies, we can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly
                                    services that would otherwise not be possible to implement.We may use cookies to optimize the information and offers on our website with the user in mind and to make it easier for
                                    users to utilize its content. The user that allows cookies, e.g. does not have to fill in access data each time the website is visited, because the access data is stored in a cookie on
                                    the user’s computer system and thus will be filled in automatically. Another common example is a shopping cart in an online shop, which remembers what the costumer placed in it through
                                    a cookie.The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by making a respective setting in the Internet browser used. In addition, already set
                                    cookies may be deleted by the data subject at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs. This functionality is provided by all popular Internet browsers. If the data
                                    subject chooses to deactivate cookies, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.
Contact possibility via the website
If the data subject chooses to contact the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the voluntarily provided personal data is automatically stored. The personal data transmitted by
                                    the data subject will not be transferred to third parties and is only stored for the purpose of contacting or processing the data subject.
Security
We have implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to our services to ensure the best protection of personal data processed by us possible. However, Internet-based data
                                    transmissions may always have security gaps, so absolute protection can not be guaranteed.
Legal bases of processing
If we obtain consent for the processing of a data subjects personal data, that consent is the legal basis for the processing operations as stated in Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR. If the
                                    processing of personal data is necessary for the execution of a contract to which the data subject is party, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. b GDPR. If the processing of a
                                    data subjects personal data is necessary for the fulfillment of our legal obligations (e.g. for the retention of data), the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR.
The processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or those of another natural person. In those rare cases we are authorized to process
                                    the data subjects personal data based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR.
Finally, we may process personal data for the purposes of safeguarding our legitimate interests and the legitimate interests of third parties based on Art. 6(1) lit. f GDPR. Our
                                    legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of our companies employees and shareholders.
Deletion of personal data
The period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. The data is deleted regularly after expiration of that period unless it is necessary for the
                                    fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of the contract. Personal data will be deleted as soon as the purpose for which it was collected and processed ceases to apply. Beyond
                                    that it will only be stored as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If you wish for the deletion of your personal data, please formally notify us by sending an
email
.
Provision of personal data if necessary
The provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions. At times it may be necessary to conclude a contract that
                                    the data subject provides us containing personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. E.g. the data subject is compelled to provide us with personal data when we sign a
                                    contract with him or her. A contract without the personal data would have the consequence that it could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided this way by a data subject,
                                    he or she has to contact us so that we can clarify whether the provision of that personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract and the
                                    consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
Rights of the data subject
As a data subject, you have the right of access (Art. 15 GDPR), right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR), right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR), right to restriction of processing (Art. 18
                                    GDPR) and right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR).
Furthermore, the data subject has the right to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time. The legality of processing the personal data before
                                    withdrawal remains unaffected.
The data subject has the right to object at any time to the processing of his or her personal data based on Art. 6(1) lit. e GDPR (data processing in the public interest) or Art. 6(1)
                                    lit. f GDPR (data processing on the basis of a balance of interests) on grounds relating to his or her particular situation. In this case, we can only process the data subjects
                                    personal data if we can prove compelling legitimate reasons that override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
                                    claims.
We ask you to address your declarations or claims to the following contact:
apps@neonish.com
Each data subject shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR), if he or she believes that the processing of his or
                                    her personal data violates legal requirements.
Glossary
This data protection declaration is based on the terminology used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We would like to explain
                                    the terms used to make our data protection declaration legible and understandable for the general public. We use, amongst others, the following terms:
a) Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ("data subject"). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or
                                    indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the
                                    physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
c) Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording,
                                    organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or
                                    combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
d) Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e) Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in
                                    particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior,
                                    location or movements.
f) Pseudonymization
Pseudonymization is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional
                                    information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to
                                    an identified or identifiable natural person.
g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the
                                    purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific
                                    criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.
h) Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i) Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities
                                    which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data
                                    by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
j) Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the
                                    controller or processor, are authorized to process personal data.
k) Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative
                                    action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
External Services
Google Maps
We use the Google Maps map service so that you can access interactive maps. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. We use
                                    this feature to present our service area on a map, for example. Location data that is sent to Google is always made anonymous.
To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. The
                                    provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer. If Google Maps is activated, Google can use Google Web Fonts for the purpose of uniformly displaying the fonts. When you
                                    call up Google Maps, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly.
The data transfer to the USA is based on the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. You can find details here:
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/gdprcontrollerterms/
and
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/gdprcontrollerterms/sccs/
.
For more information about how Google processes data, see:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
. You can find
                                    Google’s privacy policy on this page:
https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en
.
OpenStreepMap
We use an API of the map service of OpenStreetMap (OSM). The provider is the Open Street Map Foundation (OSMF), 132 Maney Hill Road, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, B72 1JU, United Kingdom.
When you visit a website on which OpenStreetMap is integrated, among other things, Your IP address and further information about your behavior on this website are forwarded to the
                                    OSMF. OpenStreetMap may save cookies in your browser or use comparable recognition technologies.
Your location can also be recorded if you do this in your device settings - e.g. B. on your mobile phone. The provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer. Details can
                                    be found in the data protection declaration of OpenStreetMap under the following link:
https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy
.
The use of OpenStreetMap takes place in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers and an easy findability of the places indicated by us on the website. This
                                    represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Paragraph 1 lit. . 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be withdrawn at any time.
RevenueCat
We use RevenueCat for subscription and purchase management within our products. The provider is RevenueCat, Inc. a Delaware corporation with a place of business at 237 A St. PMB 65402 San Diego, California 92101-4003. Any purchase you make via in-app purchases, such as one-time purchases, tokens, or subscriptions, may be sent to RevenueCat for validation, processing, and storage. This allows us to conveniently track income among our services and products, and provide a better purchase, restore, and refund experience to our end users. Please note that we reserve the right to change this approach or switch to a different processor at any time.
Your billing information, address and name are neither visible to neonish, nor RevenueCat. Any necessary, non-personally identifiable data will be shared and saved anonymously.
For further information see RevenueCat's
privacy policy
and
Data Processing Addendum
. For customer data deletion requests or any questions and concerns about privacy / GDPR, please
contact them
directly.
Google Firebase
We use the Firebase service from Google LLC. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) in order to derive application behavioral analytics. We use that information to see how users interact with our website and app.
Firebase is part of the Google Cloud Platform and offers numerous services for developers. A list can be found here:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/
. Some Firebase services process personal data. In most cases, the personal data is limited to so-called “instance IDs”, which are provided with a time stamp. These “Instance IDs” assigned by Firebase are unique and thus allow the linking of different events or processes. This data does not represent personally identifiable information for us, nor do we make any efforts to personalize it subsequently. We process these aggregated data to analyze and optimize usage behavior, for example by evaluating crash reports.
Whenever possible, we use servers located within the EU. However, it cannot be ruled out that data will also be transferred to the USA. You can find more information about Google Firebase and data protection at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
and
firebase.google.com
.
Currently, we use the following Firebase services:
Firebase Firestore Database:
Firebase Firestore Database is a hosting and backend service provided by Google LLC.
Purpose: Providing of hosting & backend infrastructure for our apps
Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
. Privacy Shield participant.
Cloud Functions for Firebase:
Firebase Cloud Functions is a backend service provided by Google LLC.
Purpose: Providing of backend infrastructure for our apps
Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
. Privacy Shield participant.
Firebase Hosting:
Firebase Hosting is a hosting service provided by Google LLC.
Purpose: Proviging hosting infrastrucure for our testimonial website.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
. Privacy Shield participant.
Firebase Dynamic Links:
Dynamic Links uses device specs on iOS to open newly-installed apps to a specific page or context. Dynamic Links only stores device specs temporarily, to provide the service.
Firebase will use this information on our behalf for the above mentioned reasons.
The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation
http://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Contact Us
If you have any question about this Privacy Statement, please contact us via
apps@neonish.com
.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.