mBoard.app Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
MBOARD.APP uses personal information to better understand your needs and interest and
              provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be
              assured
              that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with MBOARD.APP. We take seriously the
              trust
              you place in us. MBOARD.APP will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to
              others.
              This privacy statement covers personally identifiable information, anonymous data collection and aggregate
              reporting. Personally identifiable information is any information that is associated with your name or
              personal identity. Anonymous (non-personal) information is data about usage and service operation,
              reported
              in aggregate, which is not associated to a specific personal identity. Aggregate information is data
              collected and summarized for a broad category of customers or MBOARD.APP products and services.
WHAT WE COLLECT
On some MBOARD.APP web sites, you can order products or services, make information
                requests, subscribe to marketing or support materials, or register yourself. The types of personal
                information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone, email address, user IDs,
                GPS location and
                passwords, billing information, transaction, credit card information and contact preferences. To
                personalize our web sites, services or communications and improve our products and services, we may also
                ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics,
                and
                experiences with our products or services. Providing this additional information is optional. Anonymous
                (non-personal) data we collect may include the pages visited on MBOARD.APP, unique URLs visited
                within
                MBOARD.APP, browser type and IP address. Most anonymous data is collected via cookies or other
                analysis
                technologies. MBOARD.APP web pages use cookies, web beacons and other technologies for data analysis
                and personalization services.
This may include:
User profile:
We collect information when you create or update your MBOARD.APP
                  account.
                  This may include your name, email, phone number, login name and password, address, payment or
                  banking information (including related payment verification information), government identification
                  numbers
                  such as Social Security number, driver’s license or passport if required by law, birth date, photo and
                  signature. This also includes the preferences and
                  settings
                  that you enable for your MBOARD.APP account.
Background check information:
We may collect background check information if you sign
                  up to use MBOARD.APP services as
                  partner or merchant. This may include information such as your history or criminal record (where
                  permitted by law).
                  This information may be collected by a vendor on MBOARD.APP behalf.
Demographic data:
We may collect demographic information about you, including through
                  user surveys. In some countries,
                  we may also receive demographic information about you from third parties.
User content:
We may collect information that you submit when you contact MBOARD.APP
                  customer support, provide ratings or
                  compliments for other users, or otherwise contact MBOARD.APP.
INFORMATION CREATED WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICES
This may include:
Location Information:
Depending on the MBOARD.APP services that you use, and your app
                  settings or device permissions, we may collect your
                  precise or approximate location information as determined through data such as GPS, IP address and
                  WiFi.
Transaction Information:
We collect transaction details related to your use of our services, including the type of services you
                  requested or provided,
                  your order details, delivery information, date and time the service was provided, amount charged,
                  distance traveled, and
                  payment method. Additionally, if someone uses your promotion code, we may associate your name with
                  that person.
Usage information:
We collect information about how you interact with our services. This includes information such as
                  access dates and times,
                  app features or pages viewed, app crashes and other system activity, type of browser, and third-party
                  sites or service
                  you were using before interacting with our services. In some cases, we collect this information
                  through cookies, pixel tags,
                  and similar technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers. To learn more about these
                  technologies.
Device Information:
We may collect information about the devices you use to access our services, including the hardware
                  models, device IP address,
                  operating systems and versions, software, file names and versions, preferred languages, unique device
                  identifiers,
                  advertising identifiers, serial numbers, device motion information, and mobile network information.
Communications data:
We enable users to communicate with each other and MBOARD.APP through the MBOARD.APP apps, websites,
                  and
                  other services.
                  To provide this service, MBOARD.APP receives some information regarding the calls or texts, including
                  the date and time of the call/text,
                  and the content of the communications. MBOARD.APP may also use this information for customer support
                  services
                  (including to resolve disputes between users), for safety and security purposes, to improve our
                  products
                  and services and for analytics.
Information from other sources:
These may include:
User feedback, such as as ratings or compliments.
Users providing your information in connection with referral programs.
Users requesting services for or on your behalf.
Users or others providing information in connection with claims or disputes.
MBOARD.APP may combine the information collected from these sources with other information in its
                      possession.
HOW WE USE IT
MBOARD.APP uses your information to help us understand your needs and interests and
                provide you with better services. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a
                transaction
                or order, to communicate with you, to provide service and support, to update you on services and
                benefits,
                to personalize promotional offers and to personalize our web sites. Occasionally we may also use your
                information to contact you for market research regarding MBOARD.APP products or services. We will give
                you
                the opportunity to opt-out of market research and customer surveys. Data collected online may also be
                combined with information you provide through other sources such as product registration, call centers
                or
                public events such as trade shows or seminars. Anonymous (non-personal) data is aggregated for reporting
                about MBOARD.APP web site usability, performance, and effectiveness. It is used to improve the
                customer
                experience, usability and site content.
WHO WE SHARE IT WITH
MBOARD.APP will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to
                others. MBOARD.APP will not share your personal information with a business partner or any unrelated
                third
                party company unless you give your permission. Your permission will be requested when you submit your
                information. MBOARD.APP shares customer information across MBOARD.APP business entities and our
                associated
                companies, within the usage limits described above in "How we use it".
CHOICE
You can subscribe to receive some products and service-specific information and
                MBOARD.APP wide marketing communications. MBOARD.APP wide communications may include new product
                information, special offers or possibly an invitation to participate in market research. We give you a
                choice regarding MBOARD.APP wide communications by postal mail, email and telephone. Links provided on
                MBOARD.APP to third party web sites are provided as a convenience and MBOARD.APP does not control
                those
                sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from ours. MBOARD.APP does not endorse or make any
                representations about them. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before
                submitting
                your personal information. The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties is covered by
                their privacy policies, not the MBOARD.APP Privacy Policy. Some third-party companies may choose to
                share
                their personal data with MBOARD.APP; that sharing is governed by that third-party company's privacy
                policy.
If you disable the device location services on your device, your use of the MBOARD.APP app will be
                affected.
                MBOARD.APP strives to control the user location for best services.
You may enable MBOARD.APP to send you push notifications about discounts and news from MBOARD.APP or
                Merchants.
                You may enable/disable these notifications at any time through the Privacy Settings in the Android/iOS
                setting.
ONWARD TRANSFER
Personal data given to MBOARD.APP may be transferred across state and country borders
                for the purposes of data consolidation, storage and simplified customer information management.
                By using MBOARD.APP Services or providing any personal information to us, where applicable law permits,
                you consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of such information outside of your country of
                residence
                where data protection standards may be different.
ACCESS & ACCURACY
MBOARD.APP strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate. We have
                put in place managerial data standards review processes and technological tools to maintain customer
                data
                accuracy. We will provide you with access to view and change your information, including making every
                effort to provide you with online access. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take
                reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your
                data. Certain areas of MBOARD.APP's web sites may limit access to specific individuals through the use
                of
                passwords and other personal identifiers.
SECURITY
MBOARD.APP strives to ensuring the safety and security of your information. To
                prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of the
                information, MBOARD.APP has in place appropriate physical, managerial procedures to safeguard the
                information we collect.
MBOARD.APP RIGHT
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT MBOARD.APP HAS THE RIGHT TO DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANY
                LEGAL, REGULATORY,
                GOVERNMENTAL, TAX, LAW ENFORCEMENT OR OTHER AUTHORITIES OR THE RELEVANT RIGHT OWNERS, IF MBOARD.APP HAS
                REASONABLE GROUNDS
                TO BELIEVE THAT DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS NECESSARY FOR THE PURPOSE OF MEETING ANY
                OBLIGATIONS,
                REQUIREMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS, WHETHER VOLUNTARY OR MANDATORY, AS A RESULT OF COOPERATING WITH AN ORDER,
                AN INVESTIGATION
                AND/OR A REQUEST OF ANY NATURE BY SUCH PARTIES. TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE
                NOT TO TAKE ANY
                ACTION AND/OR WAIVE YOUR RIGHTS TO TAKE ANY ACTION AGAINST MBOARD.APP FOR THE DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL
                INFORMATION IN THESE CIRCUMSTANCES.
MBOARD.APP reserves the right to change, modify or amend the terms and conditions
              herein at its own discretion and without prior notice.
UPDATED: 2 JUL 2024