Close
Menu
Our Blog
FAQ
Sign Up
Sign Up
Unlockt
Our Blog
FAQ
terms of service
Last update: 25 February 2025
‍
Creators
‍
1. DEFINITIONs
The following definitions are applicable to the entire Unlockt Terms for Content Creators:
‍
● “Account”: refers to the Uploader’s individualized and dedicated digital environment in the Application.
● “Appendix”: refers to Appendix 1 “Licence to Use the Solution”, Appendix 2 “Terms of Use of theApplication” and Appendix 3 “Terms of Use of the Download Pages”.
● “Application”: refers to the mobile application “Unlockt” available on the App Store and on Google Play.
● “Downloader”: refers to any natural person who downloads a File.
● “Download Page”: refers to the webpage accessible with a dedicated URL address from which a Filecan be accessed and downloaded against payment.
● “File”: refers to a photo or video file in mime type image/* or video/* that is processed by the Solution.
● “Unlockt Terms for Content Creators”: refers to the present terms and conditions, including its Appendices.
● “Intellectual Property Rights”: refers to any right, registered or not, including patents and patent applications, trademarks and trademark applications, designs, copyright including copyright applicable to software, related rights including producers’ rights and performers’ rights, sui generis rights, including database producer’s rights, and any other related rights including rights applicable to domain names, company name, names and trading names, rights related to know-how and business information, trade secret or any equivalent protection that exists in the world.
● “Personal Data Regulation”: refers to the regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, as well as the French Law n° 78-17 of 6 January1978 (Loi relative à l’informatique, aux fichiers et aux liberté s) in its latest version in force.
● “Solution”: refers to the Application and the Download Pages.
● “Unlockt”: refers to UNLOCKT.ME SAS, a company incorporated and registered under the laws ofFrance, with registration number 922040647, and having its head office in 14 RUE CHARLES-V 75004PARIS.
● “Uploader”: refers to any natural person who uploads a File.
● “User”: refers to, individually, an Uploader or a Downloader and collectively, an Uploader and a Downloader.
Unless circumstances request otherwise, definitions in the singular include the plural and vice versa.
2. PURPOSE AND SCOPE OF THE Unlockt Terms for Content Creators
Unlockt is a technological service that enables an Uploader to upload Files and make them accessible to third parties via a URL hyperlink and in return for payment. The license to use the Solution is detailed in Appendix 1.
The purpose of the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators is to govern the conditions under which Files are uploaded and downloaded, as well as to provide a general legal framework to all Users. In particular, specific terms related to the Application are detailed in Appendix 2 and specific terms related to the Download Pages are detailed in Appendix 3.
3. CONTRACTUAL DOCUMENTS AND HIERARCHY
The relationship between Unlockt and the User is governed by the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators.
Should there be any contradiction between the different contractual documents, they will prevail on one another according to the following hierarchy: (1) the Appendix and (2) the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators. If the Parties wish to include other documents within the scope of the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators, they shall draw up a written agreement specifying their relationship with the existing documents.
4. ACCEPTANCE AND MODIFICATION OF THE Unlockt Terms for Content Creators
Access to and use of the Solution are subject to express prior agreement to the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators(i) by Uploaders when they create an Account on the Application and (ii) by Downloaders when they access aDownload Page. If a User refuses to agree with the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators, she/he shall not access and/or use the Solution.
Unlockt reserves the right to make the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators as well as the Solution evolve in particular for legal or technological reasons, as its sole discretion, in order to create new features or improve existing features.
Unlockt shall notify the Uploader in writing about any significant change to the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators.Unless there is a legal or regulatory obligation or unforeseen or imminent danger, the proposed changes are not applicable before the expiration of a fifteen (15) days period. Within fifteen (15) days from the notification, Uploaders may terminate the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators by written notice upon a reasonable notice period. In the absence of termination, Uploaders acknowledge to be bound by the change. Unless Unlockt must respect a legal or regulatory obligation, or if changes benefit the Uploaders, modifications do not apply retroactively.
5. undertakings and guarantees of unlockt
1.Undertakings of Unlockt
Unlockt undertakes to make the Solution available to Users.
1.1 Provision of the Solution
The User acknowledges that the Solution is protected under the relevant provisions of the French IntellectualProperty Code and that Unlockt is the sole owner of these rights. The terms of the license to use the Solution are detailed in Appendix 1. The User understands and accepts that Unlockt has put in place measures to control its use of the Solution, as well as its compliance with the terms of the license.
Unlockt undertakes to have the Solution available twenty-four hours a day (24 hours a day), seven days a week(7 days a week), except in case of force majeure, unforeseeable and unavoidable behavior of a third party, and except for possible breakdowns and/or maintenance operations necessary to ensure the proper provision of theSolution.
The Application is only available on smartphones operating on Android or iOS. The Download Pages are available on any web browser. The User acknowledges and agrees that due to Internet network specificities, the technologies used and telecom networks, Unlockt cannot guarantee a permanent availability of the Solution. In the event of any malfunction or defect, Unlockt will make reasonable efforts to restore the situation as soon as possible and, if necessary, suspend the Solution and/or remove any manifestly illegal content that Unlockt is aware of and/or make updates.
1.2. Support and maintenance of the Solution Unlockt shall maintain the Solution.
In the event of a malfunction and/or maintenance of the Application for more than 12 hours, Unlockt shall notify Uploaders to the email address specified in their Account as soon as possible when there is a malfunction or an unforeseen event. Uploaders are also notified of the availability of updates and the consequences of notimplementing them. Suggested updates are offered at no additional cost for Users.
In the event of a malfunction and/or maintenance of the Download Pages for more than 48 hours, Unlockt shall notify the Downloaders with a message on Unlockt’s website.
Support requests regarding the Solution shall be sent to Unlockt client support, which may be contacted atsupport@unlockt.me.
2. Guarantees of Unlockt
Unlockt guarantees that it holds all the rights and authorisations allowing it to enter into the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators, and in particular (i) to hold all the intellectual property rights on the Solution and (ii) to hold all the rights allowing the User to use the Solution.
In this respect, Unlockt guarantees the User against any action, claim, demand or opposition from any personinvoking an intellectual property right which has been infringed by the use of the Solution. In such a situation,the User undertakes to inform Unlockt within a period of 7 days from its knowledge of the action and tocommunicate to Unlockt the documents supporting the action, the User remaining free to take all the measures itdeems appropriate to ensure its defense.
Unlockt undertakes to bear the financial burden of all damages and interest to which the User could becondemned by a court decision which has become final and which is exclusively based on the violation of anintellectual property right linked to the Solution, excluding the costs incurred by the User in order to ensure itsdefense. However, the present warranty is only applicable if (i) the existence of the claim, as well as thedocuments supporting it, is notified in writing to Unlockt within 7 days of its knowledge by the User and (ii) theaction brought by the third party against the User does not arise from the User’s fault, of a violation of the termsof the license provided for in Appendix 1 or of the terms and conditions the Solution.
Users based in France benefit from a legal guarantee of conformity that covers the digital services provided byUnlockt. In accordance with this guarantee, Unlockt shall be liable for any lack of conformity discovered byUsers within a two-year period from provision of digital services. To benefit from this guarantee, Users maycontact Unlockt at the contact details mentioned in Article 14.
National laws of Users may provide for additional and/or longer guarantees. However, in accordance with French law, Unlockt does not provide for a legal guarantee against hidden defects nor any additional commercial guarantee.
Users acknowledge that the guarantees specified therein do not cover the File, its content and its integrity, for which the Uploader is sole responsible. In case of a request regarding the legal, technological or commercial guarantee on the File, Unlockt has no liability whatsoever and encourages Downloaders to get in touch with Uploaders directly.
6. UNDERTAKINGS AND GUARANTEES OF USERS
1. Users’ undertakings
Users understand and accept that the Solution is provided as is and for its personal needs only. In particular, eachUser undertakes:
● to be over the age of 18 and have the capacity to enter into a legal and binding contractual relationship;
● to prevent any access to the Solution or the Account by unauthorized third parties;
● to prevent any behavior or action likely to harm, unbalance or disrupt the operation of the Solution;
● to provide true, accurate and error-free information;
● not to create fake Accounts or use a false identity;
● not to harm, directly or indirectly, Unlockt reputation or image;
● not to have a behavior that would breach third party rights;
● to comply with the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators, comply with the laws and regulations in force in thecountry in which they are established and not to infringe public order, good morals or the rights of thirdparties, and not to violate any legislative or regulatory provision;
● to use the Solution in a loyal manner and refrain, by any means whatsoever, from any attempt to defraudor overload Unlockt’s computer systems; and
● to use the Solution in accordance with its purpose and object, not take advantage of the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators and the technologies made available to the User to compete, directly or indirectly, with Unlockt.
● More generally, the User undertakes to make fair and non-excessive use of the Solution.
2. Consent requirements
(a) You consent, or have obtained consent, or have secured consent from all individuals depicted in the content for their depiction, including their acknowledgment of the nature and purpose of the content.
(b) Where applicable, you consent, or have obtained consent, or have secured consent for the public distribution of the content via the Unlockt platform.
(c) Where applicable, you consent, or have obtained consent, or have secured consent for the downloading of the content by other users who purchase access to it.
3. Users’ guarantees
Users are informed that are strictly prohibited:
● any behavior likely to interrupt, suspend, slow down or prevent the continuity of the Solution;
● the integration of illicit content, in particular content that violates an intellectual property right;
● any use of fraudulent bank cards;
● any use of the Solution to store, receive, or distribute any information in violation of any applicable law,or otherwise use the Solution to break or violate any applicable law, regulation, ordinance or guideline;
● any intrusion or attempt to intrude in Unlockt’s computer systems;
● any action likely to impose a disproportionate load on Unlockt’s digital infrastructures;
● any breach of security and authentication measures;
● any act likely to prejudice Unlockt’s financial, commercial or moral rights and interests;
● any copying and or misappropriation of the Solution and/or Unlockt’s digital infrastructure;
● any practice diverting the Solution for purposes other than those for which it was designed.
● post prohibited content including child sexual abuse material, incest, bestiality rape (or any other non-consensual sexual behavior), human trafficking, sex trafficking, or abuse.
Users are informed that any illegal content that Unlockt is made aware of may be reported to the competent authorities, including, but not limited to, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”), the International Criminal Police Organization (“Interpol”) and/or the French “PHAROS” platform.
Regarding the Files, each User guarantees that it holds all rights and permissions to use the Files and to communicate it through the Solution. In this respect, the User undertakes to indemnify Unlockt against any action, claim, demand or opposition from a third party which is based, directly or indirectly, on the violation of any applicable rule in relation to the Files, in particular (i) a personal right, (ii) a right related to personal data,(iii) an intellectual property right (including the violation of the regulations applicable to databases) or (iv) aright of a contractual nature concerning them. The User undertakes to bear the financial burden of dealing with any claim made by a third party as well as to bear the financial burden of any damages or compensation of any kind that should be paid to it, by any court decision or settlement, by guaranteeing Unlockt against any payment in this respect and by holding it harmless from any sanction or conviction
Affiliation Policy:
Affiliation is only valid if both the Uploader and their affiliate operate in the same currency. Unlockt does not support cross-currency affiliation due to financial and regulatory compliance requirements. Any attempt to set up an affiliate relationship where the parties use different currencies will be automatically rejected, and any associated commissions will not be processed. Uploaders are responsible for ensuring that their affiliates meet this requirement before initiating an affiliation agreement.
7. LIABILITY
1. Liability of Unlockt
Users agree that Unlockt’s role is that of a technical service supplier and a digital service supplier, which entails that its responsibility is limited to the provision of the technological services provided for in the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators.
Users acknowledge and agree that the Solution is a digital connected service, meaning that its functioning maybe altered or interrupted due to (i) technical malfunctions beyond Unlockt’s control, (ii) for maintenance operations or (iii) in the event of requests from the competent administrative or judicial authorities or notification of manifestly illegal content.
Unlockt cannot be held liable for external or extraneous reasons, including:
● any loss of Uploader’s credentials;
● any loss of the File by the Downloader;
● any infringement of Files related rights;
● in the event of inaccurate information given by the User;
● in the event of the Downloader’s misunderstanding of the conditions and characteristics of the File;
● if the Solution cannot be accessed because of a malfunction of the User’s smartphone orInternet connection or if the User’s device is not compatible;
● in the event of force majeure.
As a digital service supplier, Unlockt acts as a host of the File uploaded by Uploaders, therefore Unlockt doesnot examine every content published by Uploaders, and Unlockt cannot be held liable for any manifestly illegalcontent unless it has obtained knowledge or awareness of such content under the conditions provided by the French law n°2004-575 of 21 June 2004 (LCEN) or any equivalent law, specified in Article 5 “Notification ofunlawful content” in Appendix 3. This includes any dangerous, forbidden or illegal File and any offensive,defamatory, slanderous, calumnious, immoral, counterfeiting content, or content infringing public order or rightsof third parties, likely to infringe rights, reputation or image of another User or third party and any behavior thatmay directly or indirectly encourage hatred and violence.
Users are hereby expressly informed that Unlockt uses automatic detections tools provided by a third party toidentify and filter out illicit content. As such, all Files are transmitted to third party service providers for thepurpose of unlawful content detection.
2. Liability of the User
Each User is exclusively responsible for the damages, direct or indirect, caused by its use of the Solution,including the damage to its information systems, the loss of its data, the non-compliance with the rules onpersonal data, the non-compliance with the rules on intellectual property or the violation of contractual rights ofany nature.
The Uploader understands and accepts that she/he is the sole responsible for any damage, direct or indirect,caused by its use of the Files or their content. All consequences will be of the Uploader’s sole liability.
8. PAYMENT FLOWS
Payment processing services are provided by Stripe, a third party payment solution acting under its own liability,and are subject to the following terms and conditions: https://stripe.com/fr/legal/ssa. By agreeing to the GeneralTerms and Conditions, Uploaders agree to be subject to Stripe’s terms: https://stripe.com/en-fr/legal/connect-account.
Users are informed that (i) payments made from Unlockt.me SAS, a French registered company with registrationnumber 922 040 647 RCS of Paris and having its head office located at 14 rue Charles V in Paris (75004).
Users must provide Unlockt with accurate and complete payment information. Users authorize Unlockt to sharesaid relevant information with Stripe and any relevant transaction information related to the payout with Stripe.
Once the payment is received, Unlockt will issue a receipt to the User.
9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
1. Unlockt’s Intellectual Property Rights
The Application, the Download Pages and all their components including but not limited to software, structures,infrastructure, database and content of any kind (texts, images, visuals, logos, trademarks...) used by Unlockt areprotected by Intellectual Property Rights. A license on the Solution is granted by Unlockt to the Users. The termsand conditions of this license is detailed in Appendix 1.
With respect to the Files, Unlockt acknowledges and explicitly concedes that it possesses no Intellectual PropertyRights whatsoever, except for the license granted solely for the purpose of the Solution's operation.
2. Uploader’s Intellectual Property Rights
2.1. Rights granted to Unlockt
The Uploader guarantees that it holds all the rights and authorizations enabling her/him to upload and share theFile, and that the File does not infringe nor will infringe third party’s Intellectual Property Rights.
The Uploader guarantees Unlockt against any financial consequences of claims or actions by third parties forsuch infringements, regardless of the legal ground for such claim (including counterfeiting action, unfaircompetition action or free-riding). This guarantee covers any amount that Unlockt may be liable for at the pre-litigation stage (amount paid in the context of an amicable settlement of disputes) or at the litigation stage (anyamount paid in the context of a court decision, whether final or not) without prejudice to any damages thatUnlockt may claim.
As an exception, for the purpose of the Solution's operation, the Uploader grants Unlockt a licence for the solepurpose of operating, enabling and improving the Solution, to create the Download Pages and to enable the Filesto be downloaded by the Downloaders. This right is granted for the duration of the existence of the Uploader’sAccount, for the whole world and include:
● The right to reproduce, or have the Files reproduced as is, by any means and on any support, known orunknown on the date of assignment of the rights, including but not limited to digital supports (e.g.smartphones, digital tablets, computers...) and to modify (including but not limited to scaling, croppingand adapting) the File to fit these means;
● The right to represent, or have the Files represented by any means, known and unknown on the date theassignment of the rights, including by cable, satellite, digital, or other means, including via the internet,and to modify and/or adapt the File to fit these means.
2.2 Rights granted to the Downloader
The Downloader acknowledges that the File and its content is the Uploader’s exclusive property. Subject to thelimited license allowing the Downloader to use the File for his/her personal use, nothing in these Unlockt Terms for the Content Creator transfers or assigns to the Downloader any of the Uploader’s Intellectual Property Rights, inparticular the right to sublicence, lend, rent, distribute, commercialize or sell the File in any manner.
10. DURATION, SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION
1. Duration From the date of their acceptance, the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators are applicable for the following durations:
● For the Uploader: from the creation of the Account until its closure.
● For the Downloader: from the first access to the Download Page until a File is downloaded
2. Suspension
Access to the Solution may be suspended for the time necessary in case of an exceptional event such as amaterial damage, a technical failure, a security problem or in case of a breach or serious suspicion of breach ofthe Unlockt Terms for Content Creators by Users.
Unlockt may immediately suspend the access to the Solution and the execution of the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators in the following cases:
● A User does not comply with one or several obligations provided by the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators;
● In case of a payment incident regarding the sums due to Unlockt;
● In the event of a security breach or in case of fraud.
3. Termination
Each User is free to terminate the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators at any time by sending an email tocontact@unlockt.me by indicating in the subject line “Unmpclt Terms for Content Creators”. Termination of the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators by a User is immediate and results in the automatic deletion of the Accountif the User is an Uploader, subject to any commitments made by the latter (e.g., commitment to pay a sum that isalready due to Unlockt).
11. DATAPROTECTION
The Parties undertake to comply with the Personal Data Regulations and to be able to justify their compliance.
Unlockt is the controller, within the meaning of the Personal Data Regulation, of the personal data conveyed to itand available to it in the context of the performance of the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators. This personal data isprocessed in accordance with the privacy and personal data management policy set out here: https://unlockt.me/privacy-policy/application.
Regarding any personal data that may be, directly or indirectly, incorporated in the Files, Unlockt acts as dataprocessor. As such, its liability and obligations are limited.
12. MISCANELLOUS
1. Severability
If any provision of the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators is held invalid or void by a modification of legislation,regulation or by a court decision, the remainder of the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators will not be affected therebyas well as the duty to comply with the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators.
2. Assignment and change of control
The User may not assign or transfer all or any part of the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators to a third party withoutthe prior written consent of Unlockt.
In the event of (i) a merger by formation of a new company, contribution, partial contribution of assets, mergerby acquisition, asset spin-off, or any other operation entailing a universal transfer of Unlockt’s assets or (ii) anyoperation entailing a direct or indirect change of control affecting Unlockt, the contractual relations will persistwithout it being necessary to inform or obtain the consent of the Users.
3. Non-renunciatio
The failure of either Party to demand strict performance of any of the terms of the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators,permanently or temporarily, may not be understood as a renunciation of the right to assert any of such terms.
13. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
1. Governing law
The Unlockt Terms for Content Creators are governed by and interpreted according to French laws.
Users acting as consumers usually residing in another country of the European Union may also benefit from rightsthat protect them according to mandatory provisions of the applicable law in their country of residence.
2. Competent courts
In accordance with article R. 631-3 of the French Consumer Code, Users may bring proceedings, in addition toone of the territorially competent jurisdictions under the French Civil Procedure Code, to the jurisdiction of theplace where the User resided at the time of conclusion of the contract or the jurisdiction of the place where theharmful event occurred.
14. CONTACT INFORMATION
For any remaining question, Users may contact Unlockt:
● By post: 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, DE 19801, USA
● By phone: +1 (302) 658-7581.
● Byemail:contact@unlockt.me
● This website is hosted by webflow
Apppendix 1 -License to use the solution
1. PURPOSE OF THE APPENDIX
This Appendix defines the terms and conditions according to which Unlockt grants the User, who accepts it, alicense to use the Solution.
2. SCOPE OF THE LICENSE
Unlockt grants the User a personal, non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable right to use the Solution.This license is granted from the date of acceptance of the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators, for their entire durationand for the whole world.
3. PURPOSE OF THE LICENSE AND LICENSED RIGHTS
All rights which are not expressly granted by the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators are Unlockt’s exclusiveproperty and not part of the rights granted therein.
For the Uploader, the license is granted for the sole use of the Application, for the sole needs and interests of theUploader, which includes the uploading of Files.
For the Downloader, the license is granted for the sole use of accessing the Download Pages and downloadingFiles.
4. RESTRICTIONS
Without prior written authorisation from Unlockt, the User shall not:
● allow a third party who has not been expressly and previously authorized to access or use the Solution, inreturn for payment or free of charge;
● translate, modify, adapt, copy or reproduce the Solution, or any other element, function or graphic of theDownload Pages and the Application and/or merge all or part of the Solution in other computer programsexcept if provided by the applicable laws and regulations;
● sublicense, lend, rent, distribute, commercialize, transfer, sell, resell or assign the Solution in any manner;
● develop a product or a service competing with the Solution or develop any functionality of the Solution;
● proceed to reverse engineering, decompile, disassemble, identify the source code, combine the sourcecode with other software or circumvent one of the Solution’s mechanisms or seek to reconstruct ordiscover the source code of the Solution, except if provided by the applicable laws and regulations;
● conceive a derivative work based upon any part of the Solution.
Apppendix 2 -terms of use of the solution
1. PURPOSE
The purpose of this Appendix is to govern the terms and conditions of access and use of the Application.
2. UPLOADER’S ACCOUNT
2.1. Account creation
The Uploader must create an Account in order to upload Files. In the course of creating the Account, an ageverification procedure is implemented.
The Uploader must provide all information required by Stripe to register, including:
● Name and surname,
● Date of birth,
● Address,
● E-mail Address,
● A valid ID card,
● A phone number, and
● A proof of residence.
Uploader acknowledges that the Account and the Stripe account are distinct, and that Unlockt is not responsiblein any way for the Stripe account.
The Uploader acknowledges that he/she is responsible for providing Unlockt with error-free information andunderstands that wrong information, in particular wrong, expired banking details or false information on theUploader’s country of residence, may postpone or prevent the Uploader’s payment.
2.2. Access, use and safety
Except in a case of technical failure attributable to Unlockt or in case of force majeure, Uploader is responsiblefor the confidentiality and security of his/her login information.
Uploader is strongly advised to change his/her password at regular intervals and to use a secure password,avoiding easily identifiable combinations. Unlockt may impose an expiry date on the Uploader’s password, afterwhich they will be invited to change their password.
If the Uploader has reasons to believe that his/her login information has been lost, stolen, misappropriated orcompromised in any way, or in case of an unauthorized use of the Account, the Uploader must immediatelynotify Unlockt client service at support@unlockt.me. In the event of a loss or theft of his smartphone, theUploader may send a proof of the complaint made to the police station. In the absence of such information anduntil proven otherwise, any use of the Account is deemed to be accomplished by the Uploader.
In such a situation and/or in the presence of a potential or proven threat to the security or confidentiality of thedata of the Solution, the Uploader authorizes Unlockt to take all appropriate measures to prevent anyunauthorized access (e.g, resetting the password and login or suspending access to the Solution).
2.3.Account suspension
Any breach of the Uploader’s obligations under the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators, in particular the uploading ofa File which does not comply with these Terms, may result in the suspension and/or termination of theUploader’s Account immediately, without prior notification. This provision is without prejudice to any otherremedy Unlockt may have.
2.4. Account deletion
The Uploader can, at any moment, delete its Unlockt Account using the Application.
The Uploader’s Account may also be deleted by Unlockt, on the grounds provided within these Unlockt Terms for Content Creators. In such case, Unlockt reserves the right to refuse the Uploader from creating any new Accountin the future.
In case an Account is deleted, the Files attached to this account are immediately erased from Unlockt’s servers sothat it cannot be downloaded anymore from any Download Page.
3. UPLOADING A FILE
The Application allows the Uploader to upload Files. Uploading a File generates a link to a Download Page.Each Download Page is unique and can only be accessed with an individual hyperlink.
The Uploader acknowledges and agrees that access to the Download Page is not restricted and allows anyperson having access to the individual hyperlink to access and download the File.
The Download Page will be accessible for the following duration: 3 months
4. PAYMENT
Uploader defines a price to be paid to access and download the File.
In consideration for the provision of the Solution, the Uploader acknowledges that a commission of 25% of the price paid by the Downloader will be deducted, inclusive of VAT calculated in proportion to this percentage. Theprice to be received by the Uploader will be displayed on the Application.
The Uploader acknowledges that in the event incorrect or expired banking details are provided, payment may bedeferred until valid banking details are furnished to Unlockt.
5. APP STORES
5.1. Apple Stores
If the Uploader downloaded the Application from the Apple, Inc (“Apple”) App Store, or uses the Applicationon an iOS device, the Uploader acknowledges that it has read, understood and agrees to the following noticeregarding Apple.
This agreement is between Uploader and Unlockt only, not with Apple. Unlockt, not Apple, is responsible for theApplication and the content of it. The license granted to Uploader in this Unlockt Terms for Content Creators is foruse on any Apple-branded products that Uploader owns or controls and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forthin the Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions, except that the Application may be accessed and used byother accounts associated with Uploader via Family Sharing or volume purchasing. If Uploader needs anysupport with respect to the Application, please contact Unlockt. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnishany maintenance and support services with respect to the Application. In the event of any failure of theApplication to conform to any applicable warranty, Uploader may notify Apple, and Apple will refund thepurchase price to Uploader; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no otherwarranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Application. Apple is not responsible for addressing anyclaims by Uploader or any third party relating to the Application or possession and/or use of the Application, including: (1) product liability claims; (2)any claim that the Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (3) claimsarising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense,settlement and discharge of any third-party claim that the Application and/or possession and use of theApplication infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights. Uploader agrees to comply with any applicablethird party terms, when using the Application. Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries ofthis agreement, and upon acceptance of this agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to haveaccepted the right) to enforce this agreement against Uploader as a third party beneficiary of this agreement.
5.2. Google Play Store
If Uploader has downloaded the Application from the Google Play Store, Uploader (1) acknowledges that thisagreement is solely between Uploader and Unlockt only, and not with Google, Inc. (“Google”); (ii) use of theApplication must comply with Google’s then-current Google Play Store Terms of Service; (iii) Google is only aprovider of the Google Play Store where Uploader obtained the Application; (iv) Unlockt, and not Google, isresponsible for its Application; (v) Google has no obligation or liability to Uploader with respect to theApplication or
this agreement; and (vi) Uploaderacknowledges and agrees that Google is a third-partybeneficiary to this agreement as it relates tothe Application.
Apppendix 3 -terms of use of the Download pages
1. PURPOSE
The purpose of this Appendix is to govern the terms and conditions of access and use of the Download Pages.
2. PAYMENT AND ACCESS TO THE FILE
Downloaders may download a File if they have access to a Download Page thanks to an individual hyperlinkshared by the Uploader.
Downloaders are able to access the File after paying the price indicated on the Download Page. The price includes:
● The File’s price defined by the Uploader in return for access to the File. Except otherwise specified, theFile’s price indicated include taxes. Moreover, the price includes the commission paid by Uploaders toUnlockt.
● The “Privacy and Security fee” paid by the Downloader. These fees are specified to the Downloaderbefore the purchase of the File.
● The File’s price is available in the currency selected by the Uploader. If a payment is made by a Downloader inanother currency than the one chosen by the Uploader, the applicable conversion rate will be the one applicableat the moment of payment and will be paid by Downloader.
● After payment has been confirmed, the Downloader will be able to download the File. The Downloader has 10days to download the File.
● Each File may only be downloaded once from the same Download Page.
3. RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
Downloaders are reminded that the sale of the File is the supply of a digital content without the supply of atangible medium. Therefore, in accordance with article L.221-28 13° of the French Consumer Code,Downloaders are hereby informed that by purchasing a File shared via Unlockt by the Uploader, they do notbenefit from a right of withdrawal under French law and may not be refunded by Unlockt.
BY PURCHASING A FILE SHARED VIA UNLOCKT, THE DOWNLOADER EXPRESSLY CONSENTS TOBEGIN THE PERFORMANCE OF THE AGREEMENT BEFORE THE END OF THE WITHDRAWALPERIOD AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT HE/SHE WILL LOSE HIS/HER RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL.
4. REFUND IN CASE OF FRAUDULENT PAYMENTS
Unlockt’s teams may detect a fraudulent use of bank cards by a Downloader to purchase a File. In this case,Unlockt shall refund the person whose payment information have been used without his/her consent to download a File on a Download Page.
If your payment information have been used without your consent to purchase a File on Unlockt, please contactUnlockt at support@unlockt.me and send a proof of the complaint made to the police station. In the absence ofsuch proof and until proven otherwise, the use of your payment information is deemed to be accomplished byyou.
5. NOTIFICATION OF UNLAWFUL CONTENT
In case the Downloader downloads a File that includes elements of an illegal nature, the Downloader shall notifyUnlockt with the following information:
● His/her name, first name, email address;
● The description of the content included in the File, and the link through which it was made available;
● The legal grounds on the basis of which the content is illegal or contrary to these Unlockt Terms for Content Creators;
● Insofar as it is made mandatory by article 6 of the law n° 2004-575 of June 21, 2004 for theconfidence in the digital economy, the copy of a correspondence addressed to the author or to theeditor of the litigious information or activities asking for their interruption, their withdrawal or theirmodification, or the justification of what the author or the editor could not be contacted.
● This notification can be made by email to contact@unlockt.me.
● Unlockt will examine this notification as soon as possible, and will take the necessary measures to remove thecontent it considers unlawful or infringing to these Unlockt Terms for Content Creators.
● The Downloader acknowledges and agrees that, in the event of a deficient notification as mandated by FrenchLaw No. 2004-575 of 21 June 2004, Unlockt shall be deemed unaware of the existence of such content.Consequently, no action shall be taken with regard to the notified content
6. GUARANTEE OF CONFORMITY REGARDING THE FILE
The Downloader do not benefit from a legal guarantee of conformity on the File towards the Uploader as thelatter is not a professional. However, all the provisions of the French Civil Code relating to the rights ofobligations and civil liability applicable to contractual relationships remain applicable: [link] and [link].
7. UNDERTAKINGS OF THE DOWNLOADER
The Downloader undertakes and warrants:
● To provide Unlockt with error-free information and understands that providing wrong informationwill prevent the Downloader from being able to download the File.
● Not to use fraudulent bank cards.
● Not to be refunded by Unlockt if the content of the File is not what the Downloader expected.Indeed, the Uploader is solely responsible for the File shared via Unlocked and decides alone on theterms of refund.
● Not to access File for which the Downloader knows contains illicit content.
Any breach of the Downloader’s obligations under the Unlockt Terms for Content Creators may lead to the blockingof the Downloader’s access to any Download page.
‍
‍
en
fr
es
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://landing.unlockt.me/legal/privacy-policy:
Close
Menu
Our Blog
FAQ
Sign Up
Sign Up
Unlockt
Our Blog
FAQ
privacy policy
Last update: 9 October 2024
This privacy policy has been drafted by the simplified joint-stock company (
société par action simplifiée
) Unlockt.me, registered under the laws of France to the trade companies register of Paris under the number 922 040 647, with its head office located 14 rue Charles V, Paris (75004), France (“
Unlockt”
).
Unlockt is a technological service that enables its users to upload files and make them accessible to third parties via a URL hyperlink, in return for payment.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to describe the processing of personal data that Unlockt conducts, in order to fulfil its obligation of information as a data controller. This privacy policy is published and accessible at any time on the following website: [
link
].
This privacy policy is established in consideration of the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and the free movement of such data, as well as Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 (
Loi relative à l’informatique, aux fichiers et aux libertés
) in its latest version (the “
Personal Data Regulation
”).
‍
1. Definitions
The following definitions apply to this Privacy Policy :
Application
: Refers to the mobile application "Unlockt" available on the App Store and Google Play.
Data subject
: Refers to an Uploader, a Downloader, or any other individual whose personal data is processed by Unlockt.
Downloader :
Refers to any natural person over the age of majority who downloads a File.
Download Page:
Refers to the webpage accessible with a dedicated URL address from which a File can be accessed against payment.
File:
Refers to any file shared via the Solution.
Solution:
Refers to the Application and the Download Pages.
Uploader:
Refers to any natural person over the age of majority who uploads a File on the Application.
‍
2. personal data collected and processed
Unlockt processes the following personal data for the purposes mentioned below.
‍
For Uploaders
General information (first and last name, date of birth, email address, postal address, phone number);
Connection data on the Application (login credentials, password, session start and end time, IP address, location, session history);
Banking information;
Content of the Files uploaded on the Application (photographs, videos, and voice notes);
Transactional data (number of Files shared, amounts received, transaction dates, withdrawals);
Data related to the Uploader's device (operating system, language);
Browsing data on the Application;
Identification documents;
Facial photograph (selfie);
Warnings and sanctions in case of sharing inappropriate or illicit content.
‍
For Downloaders
First and last name;
Email address;
Data related to the Downloader's device (operating system, language).
The provision of certain data is required to access the Solution. For example, the refusal to provide the required data in the context of the identity verification process (identification document and, if applicable, photograph), will prevent the creation of an account on the Application.
Banking information used for the payments made through the Solution, as well as the data processed during the identity verification process, are collected, processed, and stored by our service providers and Unlockt has no access to such data.
‍
3. Data processing, purposes and legal basis
N°
Data processing
Purposes
Legal basis
1
Account creation and management
Create and manage accounts to enable Uploaders to use the Application.
Performance of the contract
2
Connection and identification of Uploaders
Identify Uploaders when they use their account and allow them to retrieve information related to their account.
Performance of the contract
3
Processing assistance requests and access to the Solution
Respond to user assistance requests and enable them to benefit from the services as contractually agreed.
Performance of the contract
4
Identity verification of the Uploader
Verify the identity of individuals who wish to create an account on the Application.
Legitimate interest
5
File sharing
Enable Uploaders to upload their File(s) to the Application and share those Files with third parties.
Enable Downloaders to access the File once payment has been made.
Performance of the contract
6
Payment
Process payment when a Downloader purchases a File.
Performance of the contract
7
Filtering illicit contents
Prevent the transmission of illicit contents through the Application.
Legitimate interest
8
Cookies
Ensure the proper functioning of the Application and continuously improve the Solution.
Legitimate interest and consent
9
Fraud
Prevent fraud and any scams targeting Unlockt, including but not limited to the use of stolen credit cards.
Legitimate interest of Unlockt to prevent fraud
‍
4. Recipients of processed personal data
The personal data collected and processed are necessary for the pursuit of all the aforementioned purposes and are exclusively intended for the internal management services of Unlockt, as well as, if necessary, for its processors.
However, any illegal content of which Unlockt becomes aware may be reported and sent to the relevant authorities, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol), and/or the French platform 'PHAROS'.
The categories of sub-processors to whom personal data may be transmitted are the following:
Daily operations
: data processors that provide digital solutions useful for Unlockt’s daily operations, such as data hosting solutions, age verification, filtering of illicit contents, detection of errors or bugs in the Solution, monitoring of the use of the Solution, and updates to ensure the proper functioning of the Solution.
Financial services
: data processors that provide specialized financial services solutions, such as Masspay.
Marketing and communication operations
: data processors that provide online communication solutions and social media services, enabling data analysis for marketing purposes.
Maintenance operations
: data processors who have access to Unlockt’s technology to perform maintenance operations or address technical issues in the Solution in case of emergency.
Management and advisory operations
: data processors who assist Unlockt with management and compliance (whether accounting, legal, financial, or audit-related).
It is specified that neither Unlockt nor its data processors sell, in any way, personal data of Data Subjects.
‍
5. Retention of personal data
The data of Data Subjects is not retained beyond the period strictly necessary for the purposes outlined in Article 3 of the privacy policy. In particular:
Data related to the creation and management of accounts is retained until the deletion of the Uploader's account or for a period of two (2) years from the last action on the Application.
Files shared via the Application are retained for a period of three (3) months from their upload to the Application (unless a longer duration is decided by the Uploader or if the content is illicit).
The email addresses of Downloaders are retained for the time necessary for Unlockt to send the File via email.
Connection logs to the Solution are retained for a period of six (6) months.
Data processed in connection with assistance requests are retained for the time required to address the request.
Files whose content may be illicit are retained for the time necessary to analyze the situation and make a decision regarding account suspension.
Identification documents provided in a request to exercise rights are retained for the duration necessary to verify the Data Subject’s identity.
Cookies are retained for a period ranging from zero (0) to one hundred seventy-nine (179) days, depending on their nature.
Unlockt undertakes to anonymize, archive or delete personal data of Data Subjects as soon as the purpose and retention period expire, subject to the time necessary to comply with its legal obligations, particularly in consideration of civil and commercial statute of limitations.
‍
6. Personal data transfers
Personal data processed by Unlockt is hosted by Amazon Web Service, whose servers are located in Ireland.
Some of the personal data processed by Unlockt is transferred outside the European Union, including to the United States. In such a case, Unlockt ensures that data processors have implemented appropriate legal, technical and organizational measures to govern any transfer of personal data, in particular by using the standard contractual clauses established by the European Commission.
‍
7. Cookies and other trackers
Unlockt uses cookies and trackers, which are small computer files stored on your devices, to collect data about your browsing habits, record your visits to specific pages, and provide additional services such as enhancing your browsing comfort.
In accordance with article 82 of the French Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978,
Loi relative à l’informatique, aux fichiers et aux libertés
, any subscriber or user of an electronic communications service must be informed in a clear and complete manner, unless he or she has been informed beforehand, by the data controller or its representative of (i) the purpose of any action aimed at accessing, by electronic transmission, information already stored in his or her electronic communications terminal equipment or at entering information in this equipment and (ii) the means available to him or her to object to it. Such access or writing may only take place on the condition that the subscriber or user, after receiving such information, has expressed his consent. Data subjects may withdraw their consent to the use of these cookies via the cookie management module or by directly contacting Unlockt at
dpo@unlockt.me
.
It is also provided that these rules are not applicable if the access to information stored in the user's terminal equipment or the registration of information in the user's terminal equipment (i) either has the exclusive purpose of enabling or facilitating communication by electronic means, or (ii) is strictly necessary for the provision of an online communication service at the express request of the user.
Within the framework of this exception, Unlockt uses the following cookies:
Fraud prevention cookies
,
particularly for banking fraud. These cookies are retained for a period of 4 days from their deposit.
Cookies necessary for processing the payment of a File. These cookies are retained for the duration of a user session.
Cookies necessary for displaying the Downloader's interface on the Download Pages
.
These cookies are retained for a period ranging from 6 to 179 days from their deposit.
Cookies for detecting errors and malfunctions in the Solution. These cookies are retained for a period ranging from 5 to 178 days from their deposit.
Cookies that store the user's expressed choice regarding cookie deposits. These cookies are retained for a period of six (6) months from the last acceptance, refusal, or customization by the user.
‍
8. data subject's rights
8.1 description of data subject's rights
In accordance with the Personal Data Regulation, Data Subjects benefit from various rights over their personal data, such as:
Right of access
: any Data Subject can find out what personal data Unlockt has about him or her and obtain a copy of this data.
Right to rectification and to erasure
: Data Subjects can ask for the correction of inaccurate or outdated personal data about them, as well as their deletion.
Right to object and to restriction of processing
: Data Subjects can object to how Unlockt processes their personal data or request that the processing concerning them be restricted, to the extent possible and subject to compelling legitimate grounds that Unlockt may have for continuing processing, such as legal obligations to combat money laundering and the financing of terrorism.
Right to withdraw consent
: any Data Subject who has consented to a processing has the right to withdraw his or her consent, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Right to data portability
: Data Subjects can request Unlockt to send their personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format for transmission to another data controller, provided that this is possible.
Right to set directives regarding the fate of personal data after death
: any individual may provide Unlockt with directives concerning the handling of their data in the event of death, including whether or not to disclose their data to third parties.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
: any Data Subject may contact the CNIL or any competent data protection authority, if he or she believes that Unlockt has not complied with certain rules set out in the Personal Data Regulation (information on how to lodge a complaint with the CNIL is provided on its
site
).
‍
8.2 Exercise of rights
For any question relating to the processing of their personal data or to exercise their rights under the Personal Data Regulation, data subjects may contact Unlockt at the following addresses:
Via email at:
dpo@unlockt.me
;
Via letter at: Unlockt, Personal Data, 14 rue Charles V, Paris (75004), France
Note that the exercise of the rights provided by the Personal Data Regulations is not without limit – Unlockt is entitled to refuse to act on manifestly unfounded or excessive requests - and each of them meets conditions that are imposed by the Personal Data Regulation. As such, the following elements are specified:
Identity
: any data subject must prove his or her identity and indicate the address at which he or she wishes to be contacted.
Response time
: the requests are processed by Unlockt within a reasonable time taking into account the complexity, the number of requests formulated and the Personal Data Regulation.
Free of charge
: the exercise of rights is in principle free of charge. In cases where a request would imply important costs, the data subject could be required to pay a fee.
These requirements must be respected, otherwise requests may not be processed.
‍
9. security measures
Unlockt takes all necessary physical, logical, and organizational security measures to ensure a high level of protection for personal data, particularly to prevent it from being altered, damaged, or disclosed to unauthorized persons. In the event of changes to the means used to ensure the security of personal data, Unlockt commits to not reducing the level of security.
‍
10. changes to the privacy policy
Unlockt may change this privacy policy from time to time as the manner in which personal data is handled may change due to development of the Solution, or applicable rules.
In such a situation, the Data Subjects will be notified of updates, either by sending an email or through a notice on the Solution, at least 15 days prior to a material change to the privacy policy.
‍
en
fr
es