Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) explains how information about, and/or that directly identifies, you or makes you identifiable (“personal information”) is collected, used and disclosed by xtiles.app (“Company,” “we” or “us”) in connection with our website at https://xtiles.app (the “Site”) and our productivity application services offered in connection with the Site (collectively with the Site, the “Service”). By visiting the Site, registering for an account at the Site, or otherwise using the Service, you signify that you have read, understood and agree to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of personal information as described in this Policy.
‍
This Policy explains how we use your personal information when we act as a data controller. As far as you use our Services as a natural person, we are the controller of your personal information. We are responsible for, and control, the processing of your personal information. Wherever our customers use our Service to submit, manage, or otherwise use content relating to third parties (containing personal information relating to these third parties), we have contractually committed ourselves to only process such information on behalf and under the instruction of the respective customer, who is the data controller. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such processing and we recommend you to read the Privacy Policy of the respective customer, if their processing concerns your personal information.
1.Information We Collect, and How We Collect It
We collect personal information in connection with your visits to and use of the Service. This collection includes information that you provide in connection with the Service, information from third parties, and information that is collected automatically such as through the use of cookies and other technologies.
Information That You Provide.
We collect personal information from you.
The categories of information we collect can include:
Registration information.
We collect personal and/or business information that you provide when you register for an account at the Site. This information may include your name, email address, and password.
Information from use of the Service.
After registration, when you upload or transmit files, documents, data or information as part of your use of the Service (collectively, “Your Content”), we collect any personal information you include in Your Content.
Payment information.
If you make a purchase or payment on the Site, such as for a subscription, we collect information provided in connection with your purchase or payment, such as your credit card and payment-related information.
Inquiries and feedback.
If you contact us, we will collect the information that you provide us, such as your contact information and the contents of your communication with us.
You are free to choose which personal information you want to provide to us or whether you want to provide us with personal information at all. However, some information, such as your name, address, payment information and information on your requested Services may be necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations.
Information from Third Parties
We also collect and receive information about you from third parties. For example, when you interact with the Service through third party sites and services, such as when you login using an account or credentials from a third party service, share or export Your Content from the Service with third party services, or integrate the Service with third party services (such as your email service so that emails can be shared with the Service), we may receive information from those websites and services. For example, when you login using an account or credentials from a third party service, we may receive information such as your name, email address, access tokens, and other information related to your account with the third party service. When you create, share or export Your Content from the Service with third party services, we may receive information such as user names, IP addresses, device identifiers, profile information, contacts, or e-mail addresses. We also may receive any other information that a third party site or service shares with us (or that you choose to allow it to share with us). The data we receive may depend upon your privacy settings with the site or service, though we do not control those settings or promise they will be effective. You should always review and customize your privacy settings with sites and services before using them in connection with the Service.
Information from Other Sources
We may obtain information from other sources, such as third-party information providers, or through mergers and acquisitions, and combine this with information previously collected. In these cases, our Privacy Policy governs the handling of the combined personal information. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages about products and services that may be of interest to you.
Information That Is Automatically Collected (Cookies and Other Technologies)
We, and our third party partners, also automatically collect information about you and any computer or device you use to access the Service, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us. Some of the information we collect, and ways we collect it, include:
Cookies.
When you use or visit the Service, we may send one or more cookies — small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer or device that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, computer, or device. A cookie may also convey other information to us, such as: your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address; unique device identifiers; your browser settings and specification; and information about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, features and functionalities you utilize, how frequently you access the Service, and other actions you take on the Service). Cookies also allow us to track your usage of the Service over time.
Log Files.
We may record log file information each time you access the Service. This information may include information such as: your requests or actions; IP address; browser type; unique device identifiers; information about your computer or device; number of clicks; how you interact with links, features, or functionalities on the Service; and other such information.
Clear Gifs.
We may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons or pixel tags) which may collect information about you, your computer or device such as: your requests or actions; IP address; unique device identifiers; browser type; information about your computer or device; how you interact with links, features, or functionalities of the Service; information about cookies; all of which can show your Service usage patterns.
We also collect information about the way you use our Service, for example, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our Service, the pages you visit, the links you click, how frequently you access the Service, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service. We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics of our users. We may also work with third party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which attempt to recognize you across multiple devices.
We use or may use the data collected through tracking technologies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (b) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (c) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our Service; (d) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (e) otherwise to plan for and enhance our service.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly. Depending on your operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
We and our third party partners may also use cookies and tracking technologies for advertising purposes. For more information about tracking technologies, please see “Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising” below.
We collect personal information in connection with your visits to and use of the Service
2. How We Use Information
We collect, use, process, combine, retain and store personal information and information that we collect or receive for a variety of purposes, including the following:
‍
For our business activities, including to operate the Service and to provide you with the features and functionality of the Service;
To process your payment;
To communicate with you and respond to your requests, such as to respond to your questions, contact you about changes to the Service, and communicate about account related matters;
For marketing and advertising purposes, such as to market to you or offer you with information and updates on our products or services we think that you may be interested in. While we may use your personal information in this manner, we do not use or share Your Content for marketing or advertising purposes; unless you have explicitly submitted it to us for that purpose;
For analytics and research purposes;
To enforce this Policy, to resolve disputes, to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and to protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties;
To comply with contractual and legal obligations and requirements;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide personal information;
Marketing E-Mails. We may send you marketing e-mails from time to time. If you do not wish to receive them, you can opt-out following the unsubscribe instructions in the e-mails, or by contacting us at team@xtiles.app. We will work to honor your request within 10 business days. If you opt-out, we will still send you e-mails for service purposes, such as for communications about your account or subscription, and responses to your requests.
‍
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) explains how information about, and/or that directly identifies, you or makes you identifiable (“personal information”) is collected, used and disclosed by xtiles.app (“Company,” “we” or “us”) in connection with our website at https://xtiles.app (the “Site”) and our productivity application services offered in connection with the Site (collectively with the Site, the “Service”). By visiting the Site, registering for an account at the Site, or otherwise using the Service, you signify that you have read, understood and agree to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of personal information as described in this Policy.
This Policy explains how we use your personal information when we act as a data controller. As far as you use our Services as a natural person, we are the controller of your personal information. We are responsible for, and control, the processing of your personal information. Wherever our customers use our Service to submit, manage, or otherwise use content relating to third parties (containing personal information relating to these third parties), we have contractually committed ourselves to only process such information on behalf and under the instruction of the respective customer, who is the data controller. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such processing and we recommend you to read the Privacy Policy of the respective customer, if their processing concerns your personal information.
‍
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy and ensuring the security of your personal information. Our privacy policy, accessible in this article, outlines the measures we take to collect, use, and protect your data. It is important to note that at xTiles, we do not utilize any user data for the purpose of training artificial intelligence models. We prioritize transparency and strive to create a secure and trustworthy environment for our users, where their privacy is of the utmost importance. If you have any concerns or inquiries regarding our privacy practices, please do not hesitate to contact us.
3.Sharing of Information
We do not share, sell, rent or otherwise distribute information you enter in xTiles to others. Everything you put into xTiles is private by default. We do not sell your personal information. We do not share your personal information with third parties for them to market or advertise their products to you.
‍
How we use your information
We use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including to:
‍
Provide the Services or Requested Information, such as:
Fulfilling our contract with you;
Processing your payments and otherwise servicing your purchase orders;
Responding to questions, comments, and other requests;
Managing your information;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
Answering requests for customer or technical support
Identifying and communicating with you, including providing newsletters and marketing materials;
Serve Administrative and Communication Purposes, such as:
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and Privacy Policy changes;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities;
Sending communications about new product features, promotions, xTiles’ strategic partners, and other news about xTiles;
Complying with our legal obligations;
Pursuing legitimate interests, such as direct marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;
Carrying out audits;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services, including analyzing your usage of the Services;
Developing new products and services and improving the Services;
Preventing and prosecuting potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforcing our agreements;
‍
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers:
We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include service providers for:
(i) the provision of the Services;
(ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested;
(iii) marketing and advertising;
(iv) payment and transaction processing;
(v) customer service activities;
(vi) the provision of IT and related services.‍
Business Partners:
We may provide personal information to business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
‍
Affiliates:
We may share personal information with our affiliated entities.
‍
Advertising Partners:
We do not share your information, including personal information, to advertise any third party’s products or services via the Services. We may use and share your personal information with third-party advertising partners to market our own Services and grow our Services’ user base, such as to provide targeted marketing about our own Services via third-party services.
Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
4.Legal Basis for Processing in the EU
In the EU, the purposes for which we process your personal data are:
‍
1) the provision of personal data by you may be necessary for the performance of any contractual relationship we have with you;
2) where it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations laid down by EU law;
3) where in our legitimate interests (provided these are not overridden by your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms – this includes our own legitimate interests and those of other entities and branches in our group of companies) such as:
a) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries;
b) for business administration, including statistical analysis;
c) to provide the Service to you;
d) for fraud prevention and detection;
e) to comply with applicable laws, regulations or codes of practices.
We may also process your personal data on the basis of your freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous consent. You should be aware that you are entitled under EU Data Protection Law to withdraw your consent where that has been given, at any time. If you do this and we have no alternative lawful reason to process your personal data, this may affect our ability to provide you with rights to use the Service.
5.Third Party Tracking and Online
Advertising.
We permit third parties to collect information about you, your computer or device when you visit or use the Service, open emails and otherwise interact with us. The information collected, and manner in which it is collected, may include the information and methods described in the “Information We Collect, and How We Collect It” Section above. These third-party online advertising networks, social media companies, and other third-party services
collect information about your use of our website over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other devices you may use, and on other websites, apps, or services. Typically, though not always, the information we share is provided through cookies, social media plug-ins or similar tracking technologies, which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including click stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, and other information. We and our third-party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
‍
Google Analytics.
We use Google Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our site or Service on your browser or mobile device, login to your account on our Service, or otherwise engage with us. We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email address, with Google to facilitate the service. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact with our Service and to tailor our advertisements and content to you. For information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to Google, review Google’s site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at
this link
. You can learn about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs, including the Google Analytics Browser Ad-On
here
. We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Universal Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the Doubleclick advertising cookie) or other third party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available
here
or by vising NAI’s
online resources
. For information about choices that you may have about the information collection and use described in this Section, see the “Your Choices” Section below.
6.Information Access and Correction
If you have registered for an account with the Service, you can change registration information using your Google profile settings. If there is personal information in Your Content, you can use the features and functionality of the Service to edit or delete the personal information or Your Content.
Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of personal information, you may send your request to us by emailing
support@xtiles.app
. We will review your request, and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
6.1. Limits of Use of Your Google Information
xTiles relies on certain Google services, including the Google API, where we allow you to connect your Google account using OAth authentication, a secure method to give xTiles access to your Google account data without letting it know your password. We would like to clarify that, despite any statements to the contrary in our Privacy Policy, if you give xTiles permission to access your Google account data, we will only use this data according to the following restrictions:
‍
– Our usage of access to read, write, modify, or control settings will be limited to only retrieving and providing information for the specific features that you grant and use on xTiles.
‍
– We will not transfer your data to anyone else unless it is necessary to improve the features of our application provided to you, comply with applicable law, or participate in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets.
‍
– We will never use or distribute your data for the purpose of serving advertising, including retargeting, personalized, or interest-based advertising.
‍
– We will not allow humans to access your data unless one of the following conditions is met: we have your explicit permission to access specific messages, we need to investigate a security issue, we are required by law, or the data has been aggregated and anonymized for our own internal operations purposes.
‍
We want to assure you that our Privacy Policy’s use of information obtained through Google APIs, as well as any information we share with other apps, will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including
Google’s Limited Use Requirements.
7.EU residents
If you are a resident in the European Union, you have the following rights in respect to your personal information that we hold:
– Right to object.
You have a right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. You can object to marketing activities for any reason whatsoever.
– Right of access.
The right to obtain access to your personal information.
– Right to rectification
The right to obtain rectification of your personal information without undue delay where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
– Right to erasure.
The right to obtain the erasure of your personal information without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed.
– Right to portability.
The right to portability allows you to move, copy or transfer personal information easily from one organization to another.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this Policy. In addition to the above listed rights, as an EU resident, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. Further information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available at this
link
.
8.Do Not Track Preferences
While we want to honor your privacy as described in this Policy, unfortunately the Service does not monitor for or behave differently if your computer or browser transmits a “do not track” or similar message to us or the Service.
9.The security of your information
Our servers are running in the cloud. We use data encryption at rest at the database level, internal and external communication between services takes place using TLS 1.3 encryption. Service logging excludes user content.
Our software uses cloud-proxy service to protect against hackers and ddos ​​attacks
10.Data Protection
We take what we believe to be commercially reasonable steps to help protect personal information that we collect, but we do not guarantee that personal information will be completely protected. For example, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Any transmission of personal information by you is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, including the illegal acts of third parties (such as criminal hacking). The safety and security of your information also depends on you. For example, it is important to keep your password for your account for the Service confidential. We also recommend that you log out of the Service when you are done using it. If you believe that any account credentials for the Service have been compromised, please contact us immediately at
support@xtiles.app
.
11.Data Storage and Transfer
Your information may be stored and processed in any country in which Company or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that offers a level of protection that may, in certain instances, be less protective of your personal information than the jurisdiction you typically reside in. The initial transfer of your personal information to us is necessary for the performance of our contract with you. For any onward transfer of your personal information we will enter into guarantees to ensure appropriate safeguards. If we transfer information from the European Union to third parties outside the European Union and to countries not subject to schemes which are considered as providing an adequate data protection standard, we will enter into contracts which are based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses with these parties.
12.Data Retention
We tend to keep personal information for as long as necessary for our business purposes for which we have collected the information, or as otherwise required to operate the Service, comply with your requests, or comply with applicable law. We have a maximum retention for our Customer data and debug data of 35 days – at that point, we purge the data. We store anonymized data for analytics purposes indefinitely. National commercial or financial codes may require to retain certain information for up to 10 years.
13.User Responsibilities
At xTiles, we believe in fostering a secure and trustworthy environment for our users. To ensure the utmost protection of your information, we kindly request your collaboration in adhering to the following user responsibilities:
Account Security:
– Select strong, unique passwords for your xTiles account.
– Regularly update your passwords to enhance security.
Access Control:
– Exercise caution when sharing access to your account or projects.
Data Accuracy:
– Provide accurate and up-to-date information within your account settings.
–
Learn
how to update or correct your personal information as needed.
Public Project Awareness:
– Avoid storing sensitive information, such as access credentials and passwords, in projects with public access.
– Review and adjust project visibility settings based on the sensitivity of the content.
Reporting Security Concerns:
– Promptly report any security concerns or suspicious activities to our support team.
– Your vigilance helps maintain a secure environment for all users.
Device Security:
– Secure your devices with updated antivirus software and security patches.
– Log out from your xTiles account on shared or public devices.
Phishing Awareness:
– Recognize and avoid phishing attempts; do not click on suspicious links.
– Legitimate communications from xTiles will always come from official channels.
14.Information from Children
The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13, and believe that your child may have provided us with personal information, please contact us at
support@xtiles.app
. and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information.
15.Third Party Websites
The Service may provide links to third party websites and online services. This Policy does not describe the privacy practices of those websites or services. Please review the privacy policies of those websites or services before providing personal information to them.
16.Updates to This Policy
We may amend this Policy from time to time. When we do so, we will update the “Last Revision Date” at the end of the Policy. Your continued use of the Service after an updated Policy is posted constitutes your consent to the revised Policy.
17.Contacting Us
If have questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by
support@xtiles.app
18.Last Revision Date
This Policy was last revised October 27, 2022