Piano Star Privacy Policy
Information Collection
Information Usage
Information Protection
Cookie Usage
3rd Party Disclosure
3rd Party Links
Google AdSense
Fair Information Practices
Fair information
Practices
Our Contact Information
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes how Piano Star (also referred to as "we," "us," or "our"), collects, stores, uses and protects your information when you use our app Piano Star from download in the Google Play Store, Apple App Store or any other third party app store, or are pre-installed on third party devices (the "Apps"), or any other websites, pages, features, or content owned or operated by Tinymax Games (collectively, including the Site and Apps, the "Services").
How to request deletion of your data
Users can contact developer's email to delete their personal data.
If we are able to verify your request, we will delete your personal data from our records. In order to verify a request we may ask for identifying information provided by you to match the personal data the app already maintains. We will direct any service providers to do the same. Please note that there are exceptions, such as when the data needs to be saved for legal reasons or to protect the security of Piano Star
We also may not be able to delete your personal data if it is needed to:
- Perform our contractual obligations to you, such as completing a transaction, fulfilling the terms of a warranty or recall, or providing a good or service requested by you;
- Maintain and protect our business, our websites, and our apps, including detecting and preventing security incidents, or prosecuting those responsible for illegal activity;
- Identify and fix errors that impact the intended user experience or functionality;
- Exercise our legal rights, or ensure that others can exercise their legal rights, including the right to free speech;
- Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
- Engage in public or peer-reviewed research in the public interest, as long as we received your informed consent;
- Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
- Use your personal data internally, in a lawful and reasonable manner, in the context that you provided it.
Data Retention
As a principle, we aim to retain personal data only for as long as it is needed. How long your data is stored depends on what it is and how it is used.
- Information retained in accordance with our retention policy or until you remove it. You may correct or delete certain data stored in your account at any time. This includes content that you create or upload.
- Data that expires after a specific time period. Some data we retain for a specified amount of time. The timeframe is based on the reason for collection.
- Maintain and protect our business, our websites, and our apps, including detecting and preventing security incidents, or prosecuting those responsible for illegal activity;
- Information retained until you delete your Piano Star account(s); Some data is retained for the life of your account because it helps us understand how you use our services.
- Information retained for extended time periods for limited purposes. In some cases, we may need to retain data for legal reasons or for other valid business purposes, such as accounting.
Information Collection
In this Policy, the term "personal information" includes any information that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. When you access or use our Services, we may generally collect the personal information from you when you register on our App or enter information on our App.
Consent Revocation: Users in the EEA (European Economic Area) and the UK who consented to personalized ads can withdraw your consent by clicking the Personalized Ads button in the App Setting.
How do we use your information?
The Services may include links to third-party websites and social media services where you may be able to post comments, stories, reviews or other information. Your use of these third-party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third-party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third-party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites and social media services.
1. To provide the Services to you.
We require certain information from you in order to provide you with the Services you requested. Such information may include your contact and device information. We share this information with our service providers or partners to the extent necessary to continue to provide you with the Services. We cannot provide you with Services without such information.
2. To provide customer service.
We process your personal information when you contact us to help you with any questions, concerns, disputes or issues, or to provide us with your feedback. Without your personal information, we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Services.
3. To enforce terms, agreements or policies.
To ensure your safety and adherence to our terms, agreements or policies, we may process your personal information to: actively monitor, investigate, prevent and mitigate any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services; investigate, prevent, or mitigate violations of our terms and policies; enforce our agreements with third parties and partners; and, collect fees based on your use of our Services. We cannot perform our Services in accordance with our terms, agreements or policies without processing your personal information for such purposes.
4. For security purposes.
We process your personal information to: improve and enforce our security measures; combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks; and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not access your account with us. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we do not process your personal information for security purposes.
How do we protect your information?
We are committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. We have physical, technical and administrative safeguards in place to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. In addition, we require that our service providers handling personal information also maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us.
However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information or that loss, misuse, unauthorized acquisition, or alteration of your data will not occur. We also have no way of protecting any of your personal information that is not in our control, such as any information transmitted via email or wireless connections.
Maintaining the security of your personal information is also your responsibility. Where we require you to register an account, you should choose a password of sufficient length and complexity and keep your password confidential. Do not leave your device unlocked so that other individuals may access it. Make sure you trust the wireless connections you are using to access or use our Services.
Our game provides VIP Membership Service. VIP Pianist Membership includes following products:No Pop-Up ADs; Unlock all Songs; Unlock all Skins; VIP Exclusive Songs; Cancel anytime; 7-day VIP Pianist Membership offers weekly VIP service subscription for $3.99 after 3-day free trial.We also offer monthly and yearly subscription options. Monthly VIP service subscription is $9.99, and yearly VIP service subscription is $29.99 .End of trial and subscription renewal
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include our partners and other parties who assist us in operating our App, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Contacting Us
If any producer or label has an issue with any of the music used in the game, please send email to us and it will be deleted immediately if necessary (this includes the images used).
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Piano Star
contact@tinymaxgames.com
April 6, 2022