Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 16, 2024
Slingshot Finance, Inc. (the “Company”, “Slingshot”, “we”, “us” or “our”) values your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides notice to you about how we collect, use, process and disclose information that we obtain about you. Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the meanings set forth in the Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise defined herein.
By using the Services, you agree and consent that your personal information will be handled as described in this Privacy Policy. Your use of the Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions, as they may be updated from time to time. We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection
Personal information is typically defined as information that identifies, relates to or could reasonably be linked to an individual. This includes information you provide to us, information we collect about you automatically and information we receive from third-parties.
When you use the Services, the information we collect from you is your on-chain public data, such as your wallet address, completed transaction hashes and the names, symbols or other blockchain identifiers of Digital Assets that you buy, sell, swap or receive. Through the Services, we do not collect any personal information from you, such as your name or other identifiers that can be linked to you.
You may elect to sign up for new products or features or otherwise participate in special events and Promotions, in which case you may provide an email address or other information to us. For example, you may have provided us with your email address to get on a waitlist or to access a new product or feature, or you may have provided us with other information to claim a reward.
We may automatically collect the following information about your use of our Site or Services through cookies and other technologies: (1) your domain name; (2) your browser type and operating systems; (3) web pages you view; (4) links you click (including your agreement with our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy); (5) your IP address; (6) the length of time you visit our Site or use our Services; and (7) the referring URL or the webpage that led you to our Site or Services.
We use Third-Party Providers and other third-party vendors that may receive or independently obtain your personal information from publicly available sources. In some cases you may elect to provide your personal information to these third-parties. We do not control how these third-parties collect, store or use your data and you should review the applicable privacy policies of these third-parties to understand how they collect, store and use your personal information. These third-parties may provide your information to us and we may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you as required or permitted by applicable law. You are responsible for ensuring that you have all required permissions and consents to provide your personal information to us for use in connection with the Services.
The Company is located in the United States, so we store any information we collect from you in the United States. If you access or use the Services from outside of the United States, you agree to the transfer of your information to the United States, which may have different protections and rights regarding personal information compared to your country of residence. We store the information we collect from you securely using commercially reasonable security measures and we do not retain the information for any longer than reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Use
We do not currently, nor do we anticipate, selling your personal information to any third-party for their direct marketing or other purposes. We will not sell or share your personal information with any third-party for their direct marketing or other purposes without your consent.
We may use or process your information, including personal information, for the following purposes:
To tailor the content and information that we send or display to you, to offer location or other customization and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experience while using the Services.
For user support services, such as resolving any questions or problems you may encounter while using the Services.
To ensure that the Services are working as intended, to better understand how users access and use the Services, to make improvements to our Services, to develop new Services and for other research purposes.
For marketing and promotional purposes; for example, we may use your email address to send you news, special offers and Promotions. You may opt out of receiving certain of these communications by following any instructions contained in the communications.
To enforce applicable Terms and Conditions, to comply with the law, for legal process or legal obligations, to exercise or defend legal claims or otherwise protect our property and legal rights or those of others.
To detect, prevent, mitigate or address fraud, financial crime, other harmful or illicit activities, and for security or technical issues, including through the use of automated decision making and similar tools.
Our use of your personal information is based on your consent, your agreement to the Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy, your requests and vital interests, our legitimate interests, our legal obligations and/or the public interest.
Information Sharing
We do not currently, nor do we anticipate, selling your personal information to any third-party for their direct marketing or other purposes. We will not sell or share your personal information with any third-party for their direct marketing or other purposes without your consent.
In limited circumstances, we may share your information as necessary for you to continue to use the Services, such as by: (1) sharing your information with Third-Party Providers or other third-parties vendors who perform functions on our or your behalf related to the Services (e.g., data analytics, payment processing, security, etc.); (2) transferring your information to another company if we are acquired by or merged with another company, substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company or if we enter into bankruptcy proceedings; (3) disclosing your information to comply with the law, judicial proceeding, court order, regulatory investigation or inquiry, respond to a subpoena or other legal process; or (4) disclosing your information when reasonably necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding prohibited or illegal activities, potential fraud, potential threats to the safety of a person, violations of the Terms and Conditions, or as evidence in litigation where we are a party.
Security
When you use the Services you are interacting with public blockchains that provide transparency into your transactions. We do not control and are not responsible for any information you make public on these blockchains through your use of the Services. We also are not responsible for any information you make public through other aspects of the Services, such as the Forums.
We have implemented commercially reasonable protections to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security, so you should take additional steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, mobile device, computer and private keys. You agree that we are not responsible for any lost, stolen or compromised passwords or private keys that are in your possession and control, or for any unauthorized activity using your wallet or account.
Your Privacy Rights
Depending on applicable law where you reside, you may be able to assert certain rights related to your personal information, including, without limitation, withdrawing your consent to our collection and use of your personal information, requesting access to or a copy of your personal information, requesting that we modify or delete your personal information, or requesting an explanation of what information we collect, use and disclose about you. However, these rights are not absolute and depend on applicable law, and you may have to provide personal information to use certain aspects of the Services. The Company does not provide legal or other advice, so you may need to consult your advisors to better understand your rights.
Any request regarding your personal information should be submitted to us by you or your authorized agent at support@slingshot.finance. We may request additional information or evidence from you to verify your identity and/or to verify that an agent has been authorized to act on your behalf before responding to a request. We will deny your request if we cannot verify your identity and/or the authorization of your agent. Failure to provide information or evidence to us in a timely manner may also result in your request being denied.
You may have a right to lodge a complaint to a local regulator if you believe that we have infringed your privacy rights depending on applicable law where you reside. We encourage you to first contact us at support@slinshot.finance so that we can try to resolve your issue informally.
Children’s Personal Information
We do not knowingly collect personal information from any person under the age of majority. If we suspect that a user submitting personal information is under the age of majority, we will require the user to close their account and will not allow the user to continue using the Services. We will also take steps to delete their information as soon as possible. Please notify us if you know of any individuals under the age of majority in their country of residence using the Services so we can take action to prevent their access to the Services.
Amendments
The Company reserves the right to make any changes, modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy from time to time, in our sole discretion, by posting the updated Privacy Policy on this page, making it available to you through the Services, and/or notifying you via push notification or other contact method we have established with you, and updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. The amended Privacy Policy will be effective immediately thereafter and your use of the Services following the date on which such amended Privacy Policy is published will constitute agreement to such amendments. If you do not agree with any amended Privacy Policy, you must immediately stop accessing and using the Services. The Company may periodically ask that you re-acknowledge and re-accept this Privacy Policy to continue to use the Services. Your failure to do so may result in a restriction of your access to and use of the Services.
California Privacy Notice
In addition to the foregoing, if you are a California resident you have the right to request information from us regarding whether we share certain categories of your personal information with third-parties for direct marketing purposes. If we share your personal information in this way, you may receive the following information: (1) the categories of information we disclosed to third-parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; and (2) the names and addresses of third-parties that received such information or examples of the products and services marketed (if the nature of their business cannot be determined from the name). You must submit requests to support@slingshot.finance, and such requests may be made no more than once per calendar year.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@slingshot.finance.