PRIVACY POLICY
Update date: Dec 20
th
, 2022
Welcome to use UniDream AI Painting products and related services! Thank you for using our products and/or services (hereinafter referred to as "Services"). By using our Services, you are agreeing to this Policy. It is our priority to esure the safety and privacy of our users (“user” or “you”), we will do our best to protect your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you access our mobile application (the “Application”). Please read this Privacy
Policy
carefully.
IF
YOU
DO
NOT
AGREE
WITH
THE
TERMS
OF
THIS
PRIVACY
POLICY,
PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE
APPLICATION.
Whether on the Apple Store or Google Play platform, users of AI Art Generator - UniDream AI must comply with the following privacy policy. The application is now published under Li Miao's iOS developer account. Our corresponding app with the same name on Google Play will be published under the account "hugelettuce". Currently, this app is temporarily unavailable, and we are actively communicating with Google Play reviewers to have it reinstated.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy.
You
are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates.
You
will be deemed to have been made aware
of,
will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
1 COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We may collect
necessary information about your usage in a variety of ways. The information we may collect
for different purpose including:
1.1 To enable you to use the app and to provide you with its functionalities.
Identifiers and internet and network activity information (such as IP address, device model, device type, OS version, device language, device name, country set in the device settings, information about your interactions with the app, and unique identifiers, including IDFA or AAID), and other information necessary to enable you to use the app.
To generate AI Drawing Pictures, especially “AI Image to Image” function, the app processes the images you upload (including images of your face) which are automatically deleted from our servers after 24 hours. The images generated by the app from the images you uploaded are automatically deleted from our servers after 15 days. The technologies implemented in the app do not allow unique identification or authentication of a single user.
If the app needs to access your photo library, it requires your permission.
Why we need to upload your face data? Because our 'AI Image to Image'function is based on Diffusion AI model,which draw images through your images. And the models need huge computing power which only advanced servers can provide with. So we have to upload you images,which may include your face to our servers to process it.
Your images including your faces won't be shared to any other third-party or be used for any other purposes,you can read detailed below on '3 SHARING OF INFORMATION'.
Besides,users face data will be deleted in 24hours after you download AI drawing results based on your imgaes.You can read detailed below for '2 DATA STORAGE AND PROTECTION'.
1.2 To improve our Apps and quality (for example, by conducting statistical analysis)
To ensure the quality of the services, and improve our Apps, we will use Google Firebase SDK to
collect,analyze, correct failures and bugs, illicit use or misuse of the Apps, and we will collect statistical data on the user's use of functions, these data will not track individual users, but based on the overall statistics of all users.
1.3 To process and respond to customer support communications .
To help users deal with problems they meet when using , we will collect identification and contact information you provide us (such as name, email address) and the content of your communication or request. We use these data only for users support, and if the cases end ,we will delete the data within 1 year.
1.4 To analyze your usage information, including your preferences, interests and behaviors when you use our products.
We will conduct surveys, statistical analysis or other research activities to improve our products and services, maintain, optimize, and develop new features.
We will advertise our products and services towards more creators like you and reach out to inactive users with our ads. So we will measure the effectiveness of our campaigns and make our advertising more relevant.
These data include your identifiers and Internet and network activity information
(such as IDFA or AAID, and IP address), information about your interactions with the app, and other related information about your usage of the app.
IDFA (on iPhone or iPad) and AAID (on Android devices) are unique device identifiers provided by the operating system of your device, that allow advertisers to track and identify a user for advertising purposes. To disable this tracking:
From iOS and iPadOS 14.5, go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking and tap to turn off or turn on Allow Apps to Request to Track or permission to track for a specific app. On previous iOS or iPadOS versions, go to Settings > Privacy > Advertising and turn on Limit Ad Tracking button.
2 DATA STORAGE AND PROTECTION
Personal data may be processed by both automated and non-automated means and may be stored at our premises and on our service providers
’
servers. We adopt technical and organizational measures designed to prevent the loss, improper use and alteration of your personal data.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Section 1. 1 (including personal face images) will be kept for a period not exceeding the one necessary for the said purposes and,Images uploaded to the app to generate AI Drawing are deleted from our servers after 24 hours. Images generated by the app from the images you uploaded are deleted from our servers after 30 days.
Why we need to store users images data(including users faces) for 24 hours? It is because when users upload images to servers to process，it needs time to process them. In the processing, it may come across some error from model,and have to process again from original images. Besides, users may need to re-create the results, or change device to re-download results. So we will store users images for 24 hours after users download results first time.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Section 1.2, 1.3 and 1.4 will be kept for no more than 2 (two) years from the termination of the agreement.
Except for any legal obligation that sets a longer data retention period, at the end of these periods, the personal data processed will be deleted or anonymized.
3 SHARING OF INFORMATION
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Section 1. 1, 1.3 (including personal face images, personal contracts) WILL NEVER BE SHARED OR
DISCLOSED
to any third parties.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Section 1. 2,
1.4 (can not be tracked to specific person), will be shared in the following ways:
Improve Our Service: We use the information to help us improve the Service and our users
’
experience, including by monitoring aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns.
Third-party
Partners:
We
share
the
information
we
collect
with
third-party
business
partners
who commit
to
comply
with
applicable
laws
concerning
their
usage
of
the
information.
Our
third-party business partners may share the information with their own third party business partners and use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to: 1) operate and improve their services; 2) Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of engagement with
them.
Compliance with Law:
To
the extent permitted under applicable
law,
we may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we believe
is
necessary
or
appropriate
to
investigate,
respond
to,
and
defend
against
claims,
for
legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of us or a third party, to protect us against liability, for the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, fraudulent, abusive, or legally actionable activity, to protect the security or integrity of the Service and any equipment used to make the Service available, or to comply with the
law.
Business Transfers: We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our assets in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity's planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
4 SECURITY OF INFORMATION
Precautions are taken by us – including administrative, technical, and physical measures – to safeguard your Personal Information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. We do not guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
5 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify, integrate or update, in whole or in part, this Privacy Policy, and we will notify users of any modification, integration or update in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws. If we make modifications, we will notify you by revising the date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy and, under certain circumstances, we may also notify you by additional means such as pop-up or push notifications within the app or our website, or email.
6 QUESTIONS
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please email us at: service@unidreamapp.com