Temple Run+
Overview
We are Imangi Studios LLC and we make Temple Run+. Imangi is based at Imangi Studios LLC, 4602 Six Forks
              Rd Ste. 121 Raleigh, NC, USA 27609.
You can contact us at
privacy@imangistudios.com
if you have questions
              about your privacy or data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal
              data.
Data collected – Apple data
The game collects the following data from players.
1. Information relating to the game is stored locally on the player’s device and also in Apple
              iCloud. This data includes information about a player’s progress through the game and is necessary
              for players to be able to continue their game where they last stopped playing. This data is not stored by
              or accessible to Imangi.
2. Information relating to achievements and leaderboards is stored on the player’s device and sent
              to Game Center on Apple iCloud. This data is not stored by or accessible to Imangi.
3. Device name data is collected by the game and stored by Apple Inc. in a player’s personal iCloud
              account in order to resolve conflicts between saved games by a single user on different devices. This data
              is not stored by or accessible to Imangi.
Underage players:
If you or the adult who created your Game Center ID set your age as underage, we
              do not collect any data. To change this, speak with the adult who controls your Game Center ID.
When you play Temple Run+ no other data is processed.
Who is affected
Temple Run+ data relates only to players of the Temple Run+ game.
What is data used for, and on what basis
The data is used to support the internal operations of the game, and a legitimate interest of Apple and
              Imangi to offer you all the functionality of the Temple Run+ game.
Disclosures to third parties
Imangi does not disclose to third parties any data relating to the game.
Data retention
As long as a player has an active game account, their data is stored in Apple’s iCloud system. This
              stored data ensures that players can continue playing the game where they most recently stopped playing
              and is used for no other purpose than to ensure the functioning of the game.
Imangi does not retain or store any other player data.
Permission and declining or withdrawing permission for data
Players may decline to store Game Center data in iCloud or to send data to Game Center. To turn off
              iCloud data storage, they must turn off iCloud in Apple Settings for our game. As a result, they will only
              be able to play in single player offline mode. To stop sending data to Game Center, they must sign out of
              Game Center in Apple Settings. As a result, they will not appear on leaderboards.
Young players
Protecting the privacy of children is of the utmost importance to us and we do our best to meet both EU
              and U.S. standards. The game has been designed to be family friendly and to be suitable for use by
              children.
If you or the adult who created your Game Center ID set your age as underage, no data is collected. To
              change this, speak with the adult who controls your Game Center ID.
Protection of stored data
Taking into account the nature, scope, context and purpose of the processing, we have taken appropriate
              technical and organizational measures to protect such data.
Transfer of personal data
We do not store any personal data and so there is no personal data to transfer to other countries.
Your Rights
You have the right to request access to your personal data that is processed. You also have the right
              to:
Rectify incorrect personal data or erase it in certain circumstances.
Restrict or object to the processing of your personal data.
Receive your data so that you can use it elsewhere (data portability).
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, write to us at
privacy@imangistudios.com
. We will respond to
              all requests within a reasonable timeframe, but at least within 4 weeks.
Note that where Apple processes your personal data, you have to request the above with Apple.
Version information
This notice was last updated on 11 February 2021. When we change our data protection practices, we will
              update this notice. It can be viewed on:
privacy@imangistudios.com