Products
PRODUCT
WebTMA
Mobile Solutions
Integrations
Modules
FEATURES
Preventative Maintenance Management
Asset Management
Services
Client Service
Consulting
Implementation
Support
Training
Partnerships
Administrative Services
Industries
Corporate
Education
Healthcare
Public Sector
OTHER INDUSTRIES
Manufacturing
Hospitality
Pharma & Life Sciences
Distribution & Logistics
Resources
Blog Posts
Client Success Stories
Press
Videos
Whitepapers
About
About
Careers
Contact Us
Submit an RFP
Login
Request Demo
TMA Systems, LLC Online Privacy Policy
TMA Systems, LLC (“TMA”) takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. Also, please read our Privacy Information to learn how we treat such information collected in connection with this website, our products, and our services.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers TMA’s treatment of personally identifiable information that TMA collects when you are interacting with us on this website, with TMA products, and when you use TMA’s services.
This policy also covers TMA’s treatment of any personally identifiable information that TMA’s business partners share with TMA or that TMA may collect on a partner’s site.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that TMA does not own or control, or to people that TMA does not employ or manage.
If you are a former user of a TMA product or service, we will continue to treat the nonpublic personal information we collected from you in connection with our products and services in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information Collection and Use
TMA collects personally identifiable information when you visit this website or use TMA products.
TMA may also collect nonpublic personal information about your transactions with us or with our business partners, or other information such as information regarding your use of our website, products and services that we offer, or information necessary to provide these products and services to you.
TMA may collect nonpublic personal information about you from our business partners, such as information that you provide to them on applications or other forms.
TMA may receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, and pages you requested.
TMA may use this collected information to fulfill your requests for certain products and services.
Generally, TMA keeps your personal data for the duration of our relationship with you. After our relationship ends, we will retain your personal information for a period of time that permits us to satisfy the following purposes: record retention as may be required by applicable law, for use in a legal claim or proceeding, to address any complaints we receive regarding our products or services, or other legitimate business reasons.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
TMA will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
TMA may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
If we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;
If we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of TMA to provide a product or service to you; or
As required by a court or governmental agency.
Cookies
TMA may set and access cookies on your devices.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
To the extent you have the requisite permissions, you have the ability to edit your “Account Information and Preferences” on any TMA Product at any time, including whether you want TMA to contact you about specials and new products.
Confidentiality and Security
We restrict access to your nonpublic personal information to those employees who reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Your TMA Products Account Information is password-protected for your privacy and security.
In certain areas, TMA Products use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Changes to The Privacy Policy
TMA may amend the Privacy Policy.  If the changes to the policy are material, TMA will post the changes on this page for thirty days.
Notices
Notices regarding TMA’s privacy policy should be sent to
support@tmasystems.com
.