‍
Applicability of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all information we collect through the Product Science Services from current and former Product Science users and visitors. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us.
What Personal Information We Obtain and Use
Product Science uses information that you provide when you create a Product Science account, information that you upload to the Product Science Services, and information automatically collected about you when you interact with the Product Science Services.
Information You Provide to Create a Product Science Account
When you subscribe for or use the Product Science Services, or contact us for information, we collect the following personal information directly from you:  your full name, your email address, and, if applicable, the name of your company.  By voluntarily providing us with this data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information You Provide Additionally
If in the course of using the Product Science Services you opt to provide additional information, then this information will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may directly revise, correct, or delete the personal information you provide via your Product Science user account or by contact us at
support@productscience.ai.
Information Automatically Collected from You
In addition, the Product Science Site may also automatically receive information on our server from each user’s browser and from Product Science cookies and from third-party cookies from our web host, which is limited to essential cookies providing information on your session: user browser type, location, when you register, when you log in and when you use links to third party websites provided by the Product Science Services.  Product Science or its trusted vendors collects this data to operate effectively and provide better quality experiences.
‍
For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. Note that certain of the Product Science Services require certain cookies to be enabled; if all cookies are disabled, not all Services may be available to you. Certain aspects and features of the Product Science Services are only available through the use of cookies, so if you choose to disable or decline Cookies, your use of the Product Science Services may be limited or not possible.
Information We Receive from Third Parties
We do not receive personal information from third parties.
How Product Science Uses Personal Information
Product Science stores and uses personal information it collects primarily to operate effectively and provide better quality experiences, but also to:
‍
Provide, maintain and improve the Product Science Services;
Communicate with you, manage our relationship with you, which includes sending administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions, and policies, and respond to customer and prospective customer queries;
Help protect the safety of our users, which includes, without limitation, blocking suspected spammers, investigating and addressing abuse and enforcing the Product Science Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy;
Inform you of updates to the Product Science Services, security alerts and other support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to opt out of these communications, see “Choices” below);
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the Product Science Services to improve your experience and our service offerings;
Diagnose or fix technological issues; prevent fraud or criminal activities, misuse of our products or services and ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture and networks;
Comply with legal obligations and legal process;
Respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; and
Protect our operations.
External Websites and Services
The Product Science Services may contain from time to time links to third-party websites or applications. Product Science has no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of these websites or applications. As such, we are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Product Science Services, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Product Science Services to another website or applications, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of service when visiting any other websites or applications, and before providing any personal information to such external websites or applications. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
How We Share Personal Information
We will share the personal information that we collect and receive only with trusted third parties and business partners and only as necessary or appropriate to help us provide services to you, such as:
‍
Hosting service providers,
CRM platform integrated to collect and manage our contacts,
Our attorneys, accountants, auditors or other advisors, and
Other third-parties for any purpose with your consent or otherwise at your direction.
‍
For the hosting of and data storage for the Product Science Services, the Product Science Services and related databases are hosted on servers located in the United States. In the event of a merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar corporate event, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, we expect that the information that we have collected, including personal information, would be transferred to the surviving entity in a merger or the acquiring entity.  If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or receivership of our business, and your personal information becomes subject to a different privacy policy, we will provide affected users notice through the Product Science Services.
Finally, we may also share such personal information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the lawful requests by governmental, self-regulatory or other public authorities (including for the purpose of meeting national security or law enforcement requirements); (b) to enforce our terms of use or to protect the security, quality or integrity of the Product Science Services; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Product Science, our users, or others. Information shared by Product Science remains subject to this Privacy Policy.
Selling Personal Information
Product Science does not rent or sell your personal information to third parties without your consent.
Cross-Border Storage and Processing
Product Science operates from the United States of America, and the personal information we collect or receive is stored and processed in the United States of America. Product Science may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world subject to the provision of this Privacy Policy. If you are located outside of the U.S. in a jurisdiction with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may maintain or transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Product Science or its affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Opt-Out Choices, Notifications, and Retention of Information
Product Science provides you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving certain types of communications such as marketing communications. You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by following the instructions in those communications or via email at support@productscience.ai. If you do opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as information about your account or your use of the Product Science Services. By using the Product Science Services, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically.
If you deactivate your account or request that Product Science delete your personal information, we may still retain certain data and information associated with your account for record-keeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, enforce our terms and conditions, take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our website or our users, or take other actions otherwise permitted by U.S. State and federal law.  In addition, if certain information was previously provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties’ policies.
How We Keep Personal Information Secure
Your personal information is protected by commercial reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable U.S. federal and state regulations and industry standards. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption. In addition, we enforce physical access controls to our offices and files, and we do not authorize access to users’ personal information except for those personnel who require such access to fulfill their job responsibilities. Despite our efforts to ensure security, we cannot guarantee that personal information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of our administrative, managerial and technical safeguards. Therefore, we urge you to take adequate precautions to protect your personal data as well, including, without limitation, never sharing the username and password used in connection with your participation in the Product Science Services.
Information from Minors
We do not knowingly solicit, collect or share information from any individuals under the age of 18.
Rights of California Consumers and Residents
Under California law, specific disclosures are required, and California residents have additional rights regarding their personal information. You can download a printable copy of this Privacy Policy
www.productscience.ai/privacy
.
‍
California Consumer Protection Act
‍
The following details the categories of Personal information that we collect and have collected over the past twelve (12) months:  contact information, including full name and email address; and customer service information.
‍
Over the past twelve (12) months, we have not disclosed any personal information only with trusted third parties and business partners and only as necessary or appropriate to help us provide services to you, but in the future, we expect to disclose the following categories of personal information to service providers or other parties for business purposes:  contact information, including full name and email address; information you submitted for purposes of accessing or using the Product Science Services.
‍
Based on our understanding of the term "sell" under the CCPA, we do not sell your personal information. You may directly revise, correct, or delete the personal information you provide via your Product Science user account. Alternatively, California residents may make a request at
support@productscience.ai
to exercise their rights, request copies of the data collected about them in the past 12 months, request that their personal information collected by Product Science be deleted, or to exercise their right to opt out.  Such request must include sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person (or such person’s agent) about whom we have collected personal information and describe your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Opt-out requests may be canceled by making an opt-in request via your user account or by contacting us at
support@productscience.ai
.  We will work to respond to your valid request within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a valid request unless your valid request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your valid request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
‍
California Do Not Track Disclosure
‍
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. We do not currently respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. For information about Do Not Track, please visit:
www.allaboutdnt.org
.
‍
California Online Privacy Protection Act
‍
CalOPPA requires a person or company in the United States that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from individual consumers residing in California to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared and to comply with this Privacy Policy. See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
Modifications
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will place any updates to this Privacy Policy on our website at
www.productscience.ai/privacy
. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. You can always check the “last updated” date at the top of this document to see when the Privacy Policy was last changed. You may also request a paper copy of the Privacy Policy by contacting us at
support@productscience.ai
. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy by using the Product Science Services after such changes have been posted.
Dispute Resolution
Any dispute concerning the Product Science Services (including our use of your personal information) will be resolved per the dispute resolution provision in our Terms of Service. The Terms of Service govern your use of the Product Science Services. Please take a few minutes to read our Terms of Service before using the Product Science Services.
Contact Us
To communicate with our personnel responsible for data protection and compliance and/or to exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy, please email
support@productscience.ai
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf:
Education Foundation
Consumer Federation of California
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
—updated July 29, 2015
The first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy, the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) went into effect in 2004. It was amended in 2013 to require new privacy disclosures regarding tracking of online visits.
CalOPPA applies to any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) whose website collects personally identifiable information from California consumers. CalOPPA requires the website to feature a conspicuous privacy policy stating exactly what information is collected and with whom it is shared; it also requires the operator of the website or online service to comply with the site’s privacy policy. Those who fail to do so are at risk of civil litigation under the state’s Unfair Competition Law.
Who does CalOPPA apply to?
CalOPPA applies to any person or entity that owns or operates a commercial website or online service that “collects and maintains personally identifiable information from a consumer residing in California who uses or visits” said website or online service. CalOPPA does not apply to Internet service providers or similar entities that transmit or store personally identifiable information for a third party.
In 2012, the California Attorney General’s Office specifically applied CalOPPA to mobile applications for smartphones and tablets that collect personally identifiable information. Hundreds of apps providers were notified that they were in violation of CalOPPA, and they were given 30 days to submit compliance plans or face fines of up to $2,500 for each time their app was downloaded.
What is “personally identifiable information”?
As legally defined, “personally identifiable information” refers to details collected on the Internet about an individual consumer, including an individual’s first and last name, a physical street address, an email address, a telephone number, a Social Security number, or any other information that permits a specific individual to be contacted physically or online. The term extends to details such as a person’s birthday, height, weight or hair color that are collected online and stored by an operator in personally identifiable form.
What is required under CalOPPA?
The operator of a commercial website or online service must conspicuously post a privacy policy on its website. According to CalOPPA, conspicuously posting a privacy policy means:
The privacy policy is shown on the website’s homepage; or
A link – via an icon that contains the word “privacy” – appears on the homepage and directly takes consumers to the privacy policy. In this instance, the icon must be in a color different from the homepage’s background; or
The privacy policy is linked to the homepage via a hypertext link that contains the word “privacy,” is written in capital letters equal to or greater in size than the surrounding text; is displayed in a type, font or color that contrasts with the surrounding text of the same size; or is otherwise distinguishable from surrounding text on the homepage.
CalOPPA also requires website operators to adhere to their stated privacy policy. As May 2014 guidance from the California Attorney General’s Office says, “It requires them to say what they do and do what they say – to conspicuously post a privacy policy and to comply with it.”
To be considered in compliance with CalOPPA, the website’s privacy policy must contain the following:
A list of the categories of personally identifiable information the operator collects;
A list of the categories of third parties with whom the operator may share such personally identifiable information;
A description of the process (if any) by which the consumer can review and request changes to his or her personally identifiable information as collected by the operator;
A description of the process by which the operator notifies consumers of material changes to the operator’s privacy policy; and
The effective date of the privacy policy.
An operator will be considered in violation of CalOPPA if it fails to post a privacy policy within 30 days after being notified of noncompliance. An operator who fails to comply with CalOPPA or with the terms of its privacy policy will be found to be in violation of CalOPPA only if its noncompliance is either knowing and willful or negligent and material. This means that a non-material (i.e., minor) but deliberate breach can give rise to liability. As a result, minor technical defects in the posting or the contents of a privacy policy could be a basis for liability.
AB 370 Requires New Privacy Disclosures
Assembly Bill 370 (Muratsuchi), signed into law in 2013, amended CalOPPA to require new privacy policy disclosures for websites and online services’ tracking of visitors, defined in the legislative analysis of the bill as “the monitoring of an individual across multiple websites to build a profile of behavior and interests.”
AB 370 was in part driven by the advent of “Do Not Track” computer coding, which can signal websites when visitors indicate they prefer not to be monitored. AB 370 is intended to bring greater transparency and consumer scrutiny to website practices, but it does not limit tracking.
As the bill’s author, Assembly Member Al Muratsuchi (D-Torrance) explained, “This bill would increase consumer awareness of the practice of online tracking by websites and online services, such as mobile apps. AB 370 will allow consumers to learn from a website’s privacy policy whether or not that website honors a Do Not Track signal. This will allow the consumer to make an informed decision about their use of the website or service.”
Under AB 370, privacy policies for websites or online services used by California residents (includes mobile apps for smartphones and tablets) are required to:
Disclose how a business’s website or online service responds to Do Not Track signals from Web browsers.
Disclose whether third parties may collect visitors’ personally identifiable information on a business’s website or online service.
Provide “a clear and conspicuous hyperlink in the operator’s privacy policy to an online location containing a description, including the effects, of any program or protocol the operator follows that offers the consumer that choice.”
What are the consequences of noncompliance?
CalOPPA does not contain enforcement provisions. It is expected, however, that CalOPPA will be enforced through California’s Unfair Competition Law (UCL), which is located at Business and Professions Code §§ 17200-17209. Under the UCL the California Attorney General’s Office, district attorneys, and some city and county attorneys can file suit against businesses for acts of “unfair competition,” which are considered to be any act involving business that violates California law. As a result, violations of CalOPPA may be considered violations of the UCL. Government officials bringing suit for violations of CalOPPA may seek civil penalties and equitable relief under the UCL. In addition, the UCL provides that private plaintiffs may assert private claims for violations of CalOPPA under the UCL.
Operators who violate CalOPPA may also be susceptible to actions by the Federal Trade Commission, which may bring enforcement action against businesses whose posted privacy policy is deceptive – that is, where a business fails to comply with its posted privacy policy.
____________________
Read more:
Online Privacy Protection
California Online Privacy Laws
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Recent Online Privacy Legislation in California
Protecting Your Child’s Online Privacy
Teens’ Online Privacy
Tips for Safe Internet Use
Is Your Computer Secure?
Frequently Asked Questions About Online Privacy
R
F
T
© 2025 Consumer Federation of California
About Us
CFC in the News
Privacy Policy
Cy Pres Awards
CFC Education Foundation
Employment
Contact Us