Get a call back
+971
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Submit
Tata AIA Life Insurance Co. Ltd will send you updates on your policy, new products & services, insurance solutions or related information. Select here to opt-in.
Success
Thank you for sharing your details. To receive a call from Tata AIA Financial Advisor.
Call me now
Failure
reCAPTCHA is not working.
Call us
FOR EXISTING POLICY
Have query on premium, payout or any servicing need?
Call us:
1860 266 9966
Dedicated NRI Helpdesk:
+91 22 6251 9966
Monday - Saturday | 10 am - 7 pm IST
Call charges apply
FOR NEW POLICY
Want to buy a new policy online?
For
Indian Residents
+91 22 6984 9300
Monday - Saturday | 8 am - 11 pm IST
Give missed call for a call back:
+91 11 6615 8748
Monday - Sunday | 8 am - 11 pm IST
Exclusively for
NRIs
Initiate Internet Call
Data charges may apply
Give missed call for a call back:
+91 11 6921 6464
Available All Days | 24 x 7
Home
Tata AIA Life Insurance Company Limited (TALIC) Privacy Policy
Privacy
Policy
Tata AIA Life Insurance Company Limited (referred to as "TALIC") is committed to protecting the privacy of every individual who visits our website and have taken reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information and/or Sensitive Personal Data or Information.
This Privacy policy covers the following
Collection of Personal Information including Sensitive personal Data or Information.
Use of Your Personal Information.
Disclosure of Personal Information.
Protection of Your Personal Information.
Information Retention
Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Definitions Used in this Policy
Cookie Policy
Collection of Personal Information including Sensitive Personal Data or Information
We and our authorized third parties may collect different types of Personal Information and Sensitive personal Data or Information, as required under laws and regulation and also based on your desire to invest in our insurance products and services and our business relationship with you.
This Personal Information and Sensitive personal Data or Information collected, handled and dealt by us may include, amongst other things:
Information that allows TALIC to provision desired insurance product and to communicate with you and comply with current legal and regulatory requirements. This information may include but not limited to:
Personal Information:
Your name, Age, Gender, Date of Birth, Photographs, Password to TALIC Customer Portal, information relating to our Know Your Customer (KYC) Obligations, Nationality, Educational Qualification, Occupation, Avocation, Employment details, Criminal record, Aadhar Card and any other information which is capable of identifying you.
Contact Information:
Your address, Telephone numbers, Email id etc.
Financial Information:
Details pertaining to your bank account, credit/debit cards, Payment Instruments, Annual Income, Investment/Savings, Income Tax (PAN Card, Form 16 etc.)
Health Information:
Your Height, Weight, Illness/diseases, Medical Test Reports etc.
Other Information:
Any Information contained in documents used as proof of Identity and proof of address, proof of age, proof of income that may help to provide, improve and maintain our products and services which may ultimately be beneficial to you. Biometric information that measures and analyses human body characteristics (such as fingerprints, eye retinas and irises, voice patterns, facial patterns, hand measurements and DNA) for authentication purposes. Other Information may be collected in the form of various surveys which you agree to participate in or provide other feedback to us regarding our products or services; when you register to receive news or public policy updates or when you apply for a job through our website; subscription enquiries through our web site.
In case you do not provide your information or consent for usage of personal information or later on withdraw your consent for usage of the personal information so collected, TALIC reserves the right to discontinue/cancel the insurance policy /services for which, the said information was sought.
Use of Your Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Data or Information.
The Personal Information and Sensitive personal Data or Information that we collect from you is held in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in India. It may be used by us for a number of lawful purposes connected with our business operations and functions, which include but not limited to:
Verification of your identity as per prevalent laws and regulation;
Processing your request and providing you with products and/or services requested or administering your account;
Settling accounts with those who provide related services to us;
Dealing with requests, enquiries or complaints and other customer care related activities; and all other general administrative and business purposes;
Carrying out market and product analysis and marketing our companies’ products and services and communicate updates, offers and promotion.
Customer analytics on usage pattern and deliver customized content and advertising that may be of interest to you;
Provide you with the best customer experience possible;
Address network integrity and security issues;
Carrying out any activity in connection with a legal, governmental or regulatory requirement , for the purpose of compliance of a legal obligation, in connection with legal proceedings, in connection with prevention, detection , investigation including cyber incidents, prosecution, and punishment of offences protect and defend our rights or property or act in an emergency to protect someone's safety or to help investigations, monitor or prevent or take action regarding unlawful and illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threat to the safety or security of any person.
Carrying out activities connected with the running of our business such as personnel training, quality control, network monitoring, testing and maintenance of computer and other systems and in connection with the transfer of any part of our business in respect of which you are a customer or a potential customer;
Disclosure of Personal Information and/or Sensitive Personal Data or Information.
We may disclose and/or transfer your Personal Information and/or Sensitive personal Data or Information at times to third parties both inside or outside of India’s geographic area, subject to contractual restrictions regarding confidentiality and security in line with applicable data protection laws, rules and regulations for servicing your policy or in terms of scope of this Privacy Notice. We may disclose and/or transfer your information to:
Other companies that provide services directly to you on our behalf or provide services to us by collecting, receiving, processing, storing, dealing or handling your information. To enable them to do this, we may need to share your personal information and/or Sensitive personal Data or Information with them.
Anyone we transfer our business to in respect of which you are a customer or a potential customer;
To any other entity or organization in order for them to understand our environment and consequently, provide you with better services. We may share your Personal Information including Sensitive personal Data or Information, without obtaining your prior written consent, with government agencies mandated under the law to obtain information including Sensitive Personal Data Or Information for the purpose of verification of identity, or for prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, prosecution, and punishment of offences, or where disclosure is necessary for compliance of a legal obligation.
Any Personal Information including Sensitive Personal Data or Information may be required to be disclosed to any third party by us by an order under the law for the time being in force.
If a customer does not wish to provide the Personal Information requested or the consent for use of her Personal Information or later withdraws the consent for use of the Personal Information collected, TATA AIA Life Insurance reserves the right not to provide services or to withdraw the services for which the information was sought/collected from the customer.
Protection of Your Personal Information
We shall take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information and/or Sensitive personal Data or Information pertaining to you is stored in a secure environment protected from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
We maintain information pertaining to you in our business records as per current regulatory requirements. TALIC shall retain your personal Information for as long as required to provide you with services or otherwise required under the law.
Information Retention
TATA AIA Life Insurance will retain information about its customers for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which such information was collected or as may be required to comply with the internal TATA AIA Life’s Insurance policies or as is otherwise required under any law in force from time to time.
Reasonable security practices and procedures
TATA AIA Life Insurance uses reasonable and appropriate techniques and processes to protect Personal Information.
TATA AIA Life Insurance is committed to implement physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect customer Personal Information against loss, misuse, damage and unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. TATA AIA Life Insurance continuously reviews and enhances TATA AIA Life’s Insurance security policies and security measures to consistently maintain a high level of security.
We maintain information pertaining to you in our business records as per current regulatory requirements.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Policy every 3 years or as necessary from time to time. Please check our websites periodically for changes to this Privacy Policy as we shall update such changes as soon as possible. Users may note that such change of policy shall be effective from date of announcement by TALIC and not from the date of posting on the site.
Definitions used in this policy
"Personal information" means any information that relates to a natural person, which, either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely to be available with a body corporate, is capable of identifying such person "Sensitive personal data or information" of a person means such personal information which consists of information relating to:-
Password;
Financial information such as Bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument details ;
Physical, physiological and mental health condition;
Sexual orientation;
Medical records and history;
Biometric information;
Provided that, any information that is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other law for the time being in force shall not be regarded as sensitive personal data or information for the purposes of these rules.
Third party: For the purposes of this document, a ‘Third Party’ is a service provider who associates with TALIC and is involved in handling, managing, storing, processing, protecting and transmitting information of TALIC and also includes all sub-contractors, consultants and/or representatives of the Third party.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text containing small amounts of information which are downloaded and may be stored on any of your web browsers or internet enabled devices (e.g. your computer, smartphone or tablet) that can later be read by the server - like a memory for a web page.
Tata AIA Life Insurance may use cookies and other tools on the website. By continuing to use the website, you are agreeing to us placing cookies on your computer. The information collected (including but not limited to: your IP addresses (and domain names), browser software, types and configurations of your browser, language settings, geo-locations, operating systems, referring website, pages and content viewed, and durations of visit) will be used to ensure operation of the website and enable you to log in securely, for compiling aggregate statistics on how our visitors reach and browse our websites for web enhancement and optimisation purposes, and to help us understand how we can improve your experience on it.
The cookies also enable our website to remember you and your preferences, and tailor the website for your needs. Advertising cookies will allow us to provide advertisements on our websites that are as relevant to you as possible, e.g. by selecting interest-based advertisements for you, or preventing the same advisement from constantly reappearing to you. You can find more information on the types of cookies we collect, what we use these for, and how to manage your cookie settings in our
Cookie Policy.
Contact Us
For further queries related to your Personal Data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
dataprivacyofficer@tataaia.com
. Your privacy matters to us, and we are here to assist with any concerns you may have.
This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in favour of any user or viewer of
www.tataaia.com
&
www.italic.co.in
or on behalf of any other party.
Users and viewers are informed that by using the website, they are deemed to have consented to the collection and use of information by
www.tataaia.com
and
www.italic.co.in
as stated in this privacy policy.
The website is maintained by Tata AIA Life Insurance Company Limited. Please check your personal details and the Policy provisions carefully.
Should you have any queries or grievance, please contact your agent or contact Us at the address mentioned below.
Mon - Sat | 10 am - 7 pm IST
1-860-266-9966
For India only
+91-80-67603700
For NRI
Mail Us
customercare@tataaia.com
Tata AIA Life Insurance Co. Ltd.
14th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400013
WhatsApp
7045669966
For application & policy-related queries
Call
1-860-266-9966
For Indian Residents
Mon - Sat | 10 am - 7 pm IST
Call charges apply
Call
022 6251 9966
Dedicated NRI Helpdesk
Mon - Sat | 10 am - 7 pm IST
Call charges apply
Email
customercare@tataaia.com
For application & policy-related queries
Need more information? Let us help you
Existing customer?
Log in
or
Looking for a new plan?
NRI?
Yes
No
+91
Select plan
Term plans
Saving plans
Wealth plans
Retirement plans
I don't know/I need help
Select plan
Tata AIA Life Insurance Company Limited will send you updates on new products, services, insurance solutions, existing policy or related information and/or process your information in accordance with
Privacy Policy
. Select here to opt-in.
Please tick the check box to proceed
Get a call back
Tata AIA Life Insurance Company Limited will send you updates on new products, services, insurance solutions, existing policy or related information and/or process your information in accordance with
Privacy Policy
. Select here to opt-in.
Please tick the check box to proceed
Thank you for sharing your details.
Our representative will contact you soon.