Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Proficient Games
Background
We will strictly comply with all 
relevant legislative requirements and in the event of any inconsistency,
 the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this 
document. The privacy of your personal and non-personal information is 
afforded the highest level of importance by Proficient Games.
We may collect
 information regarding the device you use to access the software, 
applications and/or services, including (where applicable) its model, 
operating system, screen resolution and other technical information.
If
 you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in 
countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may
 vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or 
guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information.
 We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other 
persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be 
used by a child to play our Websites.
Collection of Information
We
 may collect any Personal Information that you disclose when you choose 
to send a message to another user or defined group of users through our 
message, chat, post or other in-game function as well as the necessary 
Personal Information of the user(s) you are contacting, in order to 
facilitate the communication. (We will never collect any information 
sent outside of the functionality of our Websites/Apps, including 
through emails or text messages).
We may collect and use your 
Personal Information or Non-Personal Information such as a device ID 
when you decide to enable push notifications in order to send push 
notifications to your device.
We may collect information regarding 
your use of our software, applications and/or services, including 
information about the duration of your use, the features you use and 
your interactions with other users of the software, applications and/or 
services.
Below are provider names of some of the third 
party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links 
below to learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service 
providers.
AppLovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Adcolony: http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Kidoz: http://kidoz.net/privacy-policy/
Leadbolt: https://www.leadboltnetwork.net/p/legal/privacy
Google Analytics: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/Heyzap: https://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
Super Sonic: https://www.supersonic.com/privacy-policy/
Admob: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chartboost: https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Firebase: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Game Analytics: http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy
Advertising
Usage
 Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising identifiers may 
be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the 
effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat 
views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your 
interests. Depending on your device and its operating system, you may be
 able to choose to prevent your device’s ad By using our Website/Apps, 
you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may
 utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking 
pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow 
us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal 
Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that 
appropriate advertising is offered to you. identifier being used for 
interest-based advertising or reset your device’s ad identifier by 
changing the settings of your device.
Use and Disclosure of Information
We
 will not use or disclose personal information about you otherwise than 
for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to you, for 
any other purpose that you may reasonably expect, for any other purpose 
authorized by law, or for any other purposes disclosed to or authorized 
by you. This may include disclosures to organizations that provide us 
with professional advice, such as solicitors, accountants and business 
advisors.
We may collect your Non-Personal information to track your 
use of our Websites/Apps to help us learn more about your gaming 
activities and understand your preferences and tendencies so that we can
 personalize your experience, provide you with in-game offers and 
notifications that are tailored to you, and otherwise enhance your 
gaming experience. Non-Personal Information may be used by us for 
administrative, analytical, statistics compilation, research, 
optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use your
 Non-Personal Information to respond to customer service inquiries and 
to protect against cheating, crime or fraud or for other security 
reasons and for providing you advertising that better suits your 
interests.
Transfer of Information Overseas
What we do with the information we gather
We
 require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a
 better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Security
Your public information if social media is used in the app.
App Usage Data and User Behavior
Links to other websites
Sharing of information
For better user experience, we may get the following information
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
Furthermore,
 if you have given your consent in accordance with Section 6(1)(a) of 
the GDPR, we share your advertising ID to advertising network companies 
for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to you within 
the App. We use or may use the advertising network companies.
l.to provide news and information about the App we think will be of interest to you;
k.to link or combine information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
We
 only process your information to the extent that is necessary to 
achieve the purposes for which the information has been collected.
Your rights
. In this case, our response time can be up to three months in total as permitted by Article 12 of the GDPR.
Right to request access
You have the right to request access into the data that we are processing on you, see
Article 15 of the GDPR, including information about:
•the purposes of the processing
•the categories of personal data concerned
• the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored
• the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed
Furthermore,
 you have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing 
processing. Please note that the access may be restricted due to 
intellectual property or trade secrets.
The right to object
You
 have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on 
grounds relating to your particular situation when the data are 
processed based on the balancing-of-interest rule in Section 6(1)(f) of 
the GDPR, see Article 21 of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the 
processing unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the 
processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the 
processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of 
legal claims.
Y
Right to rectification and erasure
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, see Article 16 of the GDPR.
Furthermore,
 you have the right to have your personal data erased where one of the 
following grounds applies, see Article 17 of the GDPR:
•the personal data have been unlawfully processed
•the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
•the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
•the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law,
•if you have withdrawn your consent and there are no other legal grounds for the processing,
•if you have objected to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing.
Please
 note that your right to erasure may be limited if the data are 
necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the 
establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Below are 
provider names of some of the third-party analytics and advertising 
services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about their 
privacy policy.
Use of information – purpose and legal basis
We 
use information about you for the following purposes in accordance with 
the legal bases for each type of personal data as described below:
Age
-is being processed:
a.to
 identify whether you are a child or adult for data protection purposes 
to determine the legal requirements for our processing of your data.
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for compliance purposes, see Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR.
Log-, device-, usage-, and consumption information
-are being processed:
b.to
 provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you 
related information as requested by you / as agreed with you;
c.to provide and maintain the App and the game experience.
d.to send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
f. to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the App.
g. to personalize and improve the App and provide tailored content and features.
h.to
 provide non-child users that have given us consent to share their 
advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further specified under
 Sharing of Information) for the purpose of serving them with 
personalized advertisement in the App (behavioral advertising).
i.to 
provide children (as this term is construed under GDPR in EU, COPPA in 
the US and relevant applicable legislation in other jurisdictions) with 
reasonable contextual advertisements in the App.
The disclosure of 
your advertising ID to third parties for the purposes of behavioral 
advertising is based on your consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) 
of the GDPR (see more below under Sharing of Information).
Our 
processing for the above purpose is justified by our legitimate 
interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you in 
accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
Information from other sources
-are being processed:
j.to provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information;
The right to withdraw consent
Please note that if you withdraw your consent, your user license to use the App will cease automatically.
The right to restriction
You
 have the right to obtain restriction of processing in certain 
circumstances, see Article 18 of the GDPR. If you have the right to 
restriction, we will only process your data with your consent or for the
 establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim or to protect a 
person or important grounds of public interest.
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps