General Website and GPDR Data Privacy Policy
HEBI Robotics takes privacy seriously, and is determined to protect your personal data.  This notice is designed to inform you of the information we collect when you visit our website, how we process that information, and what your privacy rights are.  It also describes the information we collect when you request a quote, request more information, sign up for our newsletter, or purchase products.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
You must read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
DATA CONTROLLER
HEBI Robotics (referred to as "we" or "us" in this notice) is the controller and is responsible for your personal data. Our address is: HEBI Robotics, 91 43rd St. Ste 200, Pittsburgh, PA 15201.  For all questions or requests related to privacy and data management, contact data@hebirobotics.com
THIRD-PARTY LINKS OUTSIDE OF OUR CONTROL
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Personal Data We Collect About You
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.  We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes First Name/Last Name/Title
Contact Data
includes Billing Address/Delivery Address/Email Address/Telephone Numbers
We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA
Where we need to collect your personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How We Collect Your Personal Data
We collect data from and about you when you fill in forms on our website or contact us via mail, email, phone, or in-person. Specifically, this includes the information you provide when you
Apply for our products or services;
Subscribe to our service or publications, including Newsletters;
Request marketing to be sent to you.
We may collect Identity Data and Contact Data from you when you fill in forms on our website or contact us via mail, email, phone, or in-person.  Specifically, this includes the information you provide when you placed inquiries or orders through our company or distributors.  We also collect payment information from customers who have placed orders with us.  We also collect the information you provide when you subscribe to publications, including newsletters, or when you request marketing  or product information to be sent to you.
We also collect IP address, geographical information associated with that IP address, and basic browser information from visitors to our website, which described as "aggregated data" above.
Finally, when our software products are connected to the Internet, they may automatically check for available updates for connected hardware.  The IP address and individual hardware serial numbers associated with these requests are stored.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances.
Performance of Contract
this means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Legitimate Interest
this means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
this means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Sending direct marketing communications to you via email
. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by emailing contact@hebirobotics.com
Purposes For Which We Will Use Your Personal Data
Below we describe all the ways we plan to use your personal data, with the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
Purpose:
To register you as a new customer, supplier or distributor
Type of Data:
Identity, Contact
Lawful basis:
Performance of a contract with you
Purpose:
To subscribe you to our newsletters
Type of Data:
Identity, Contact
Lawful basis (basis of legitimate interest):
To keep you informed about our latest news
Purpose:
To contact you regarding updates and fixes to products, software, and services you have purchased or are using
Type of Data:
Identity, Contact
Lawful basis (basis of legitimate interest):
To improve the your experience with our products
MARKETING /
PROMOTIONAL OFFERS FROM US
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
THIRD-PARTY MARKETING
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside of HEBI Robotics for marketing purposes.
OPTING OUT
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by emailing contact@hebirobotics.com.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product or service purchase, warranty registration, product or service experience or other transactions.
COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
CHANGE OF PURPOSE
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Who We Share Your Personal Data With
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out above.
External Third Parties Service Providers, based in the United States, who provide CRM, IT and System administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the United States who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Customs, regulators and other authorities who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International Transfers
We have offices both inside and outside of the European Economic Area (EAA), so processing of your personal data may involve a transfer and storage of data inside or outside of the EAA.  We ensure a similar degree of protection to your data regardless of its stored location
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EAA.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected personal data breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available upon request from us by emailing data@hebirobotics.com.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see "Your legal rights" below for further information. In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your Legal Rights
Unless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data;
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), where applicable 9i.e. where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or where we process your data by automated means);
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests (or in performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email data@hebirobotics.com
NO FEE REQUIRED – WITH SOME EXCEPTIONS
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Changes To This Notice and Your Duty To Inform Us of Changes
This version was last updated on May 25, 2018.
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
Queries, Requests, or Concerns
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints in relation to this policy or any other data protection matter between you and us, please contact data@hebirobotics.com.
HEBI Mobile I/O iOS and Android App Privacy Policy
HEBI Robotics does not collect personally identifiable information from use of the HEBI Mobile IO iOS and Android Apps.
Some versions of this application may request access to the device's camera for the purpose of providing a pose (position and orientation) estimate of the device's location relative to when the app was started.  This information is processed via Apple's ARKit technology (https://developer.apple.com/arkit/) on iOS, or Google’s ARCore SDK (https://developers.google.com/ar) on Android.
The processed pose information is accessible to other devices on the local network via use of the HEBI programming APIs documented at docs.hebi.us.  The camera and location information is not otherwise transmitted by the app.
Other sensor data (IMU, battery level, and user input), device type, local network IP Address, and OS information is similarly accessible to other devices on the local network via use of the HEBI APIs, and is not otherwise transmitted by the app.
The camera, location, or other sensor information is never transmitted to HEBI Robotics, and HEBI Robotics does not collect and store such information.
HEBI Inspector iOS App Privacy Policy
HEBI Robotics does not collect personally identifiable information from use of the HEBI Inspector iOS App.
The HEBI Inspector application collects data using an attached robotic arm and probe, and can send that information to a connected external flaw detector or store the thickness measurements on the device.  Also stored is metadata that is entered about the inspection, as well as edits made during the review and reporting functions of the application.  This data is stored on the device, and is not transmitted from the device.
HEBI also collects anonymized crash report information to diagnose issues and improve app stability for future updates.  This information is stored securely by HEBI and not shared externally.
HEBI Scope iOS and Android App Privacy Policy
HEBI Robotics does not collect personally identifiable information from use of the HEBI Scope Apps for iOS and Android.
The HEBI Scope application collects sensor data of connected HEBI-compatible devices. Any gathered data is stored in memory for plotting purposes, and is not transmitted from the device.
The firmware update functionality shares metadata of local devices with HEBI Robotics servers in order to download device-specific updates. This information is stored securely by HEBI and not shared externally.
HEBI also collects anonymized crash report information to diagnose issues and improve app stability for future updates.  This information is stored securely by HEBI and not shared externally.
[Version Dated: Oct 2021]