Privacy policy
Data protection
The operators of this app take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. It is generally possible to use this app without providing personal data. If personal data (e.g. name, address or e-mail addresses) is collected in our app, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) may be subject to security vulnerabilities. Complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.
Third-party services
The app uses the services of the following platforms to provide data, analyse usage habits and load or display personalised ads. All data is processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and this privacy policy. By giving your explicit consent, you agree that you have carefully read and understood all explanations and that you consent to the processing of your data.
Firebase
The app uses Firebase, a backend as a service from the US company Google Inc. Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4, Ireland, is responsible for the data protection of Firebase in the EU. The following functions are used:
Firebase Crashlytics: Analysis of technical errors
Firebase Performance: Analysing stability and performance
Firebase Analytics: Analysis of usage
The privacy policy of the services used can be found at https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy Your data will only be processed if you have given us your consent to do so.
Google AdMob
The app uses Google AdMob to display personalised ads. Google AdMob is a service provided by the US company Google Inc. Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4, Ireland, is responsible for Google AdMob's data protection in the EU. You have the option to opt out of the display of personal adverts in the app. If you have opted out of the use of personal data, non-personalised advertisements will be displayed. You can find Google AdMob's privacy policy at https://business.safety.google/adscontrollerterms/. Your data will only be processed if you have given us your consent to do so.
Your rights
In principle, you have the rights to information, correction, deletion, restriction, data portability, cancellation and objection. If you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection law or your data protection rights have been violated in any other way, you can lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. In Austria, this is the data protection authority.
Our contact information
instant:solutions OG
Bauernstraße 1, 4600 Wels, Österreich
Phone: +43 (0) 677 636 864 79
E-Mail: office@instant-it.at
Under the following link you will find the privacy policy of this website.
Website privacy policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mymqtt.app/en/privacy-policy:
Privacy policy
Data protection
The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. It is generally possible to use our website without providing personal data. If personal data (e.g. name, address or e-mail addresses) is collected on our website, this is always done on a optional basis as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your explicit consent. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) may be subject to security vulnerabilities. Complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.
Plausible Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analytics software Plausible Analytics. The software records data on the use of this website anonymously, in compliance with the GDPR and without cookies. The usage data is sent to servers operated by instant:solutions OG, based in Bauernstraße 1, 4600 Wels, Austria. The data remains in the European Union at all times and is not passed on to third parties. It is only used to improve the usability of the website.
Server
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are
Browser type/browser version
Operating system used
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
This data cannot be assigned to specific persons. This data is not merged with other data sources. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively if we become aware of specific indications of unlawful use. The data collected is automatically deleted after 30 days.
Cookies
Some of the Internet pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not damage your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies are used to make our website more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called ‘session cookies’. They are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your end device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognise your browser on your next visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted.
Your rights
In principle, you have the rights to information, correction, deletion, restriction, data portability, cancellation and objection. If you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection law or your data protection rights have been violated in any other way, you can lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. In Austria, this is the data protection authority.
Our contact information
instant:solutions OG
Bauernstraße 1, 4600 Wels, Österreich
Phone: +43 (0) 677 636 864 79
E-Mail: office@instant-it.at