Privacy Policy
Effective date: March 4, 2022.
1. INTRODUCTORY PROVISIONS
1.1. Shenzhen Xiaoruo Technology Co., Ltd ("us", "our" or "we") is dedicated to
            protecting the privacy rights of our users ("User(s)", "you").This Privacy Policy
            (this "Policy") describes how and why we collect, store, use, and manage the information,
            and data, including personal data, that you provide or we collect when you use any
            Shenzhen Xiaoruo Technology Co., Ltd's application or games provided on any mobile
            platform (for example, iOS and Android) (collectively, the "Service(s)"). It also tells
            you how you can access and update personal information and/or data and make certain
            choices about how personal information and/or data that you provide to Shenzhen Xiaoruo
            Technology Co., Ltd is used.
1.2. Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data
            collected or received by Shenzhen Xiaoruo Technology Co., Ltd through or in relation to
            your use of the Service. Shenzhen Xiaoruo Technology Co., Ltd is not responsible for the
            actions of third parties, the content of third party websites, the use of information or
            data you provide to third parties, or any products or services they may offer. Any link
            to third party websites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with,
            such third parties.
1.3. Shenzhen Xiaoruo Technology Co., Ltd acts as a Data Controller in relation to
            personal data that you provide to Us.
1.4. Shenzhen Xiaoruo Technology Co., Ltd as Data Controller does not and will not
            process any special categories of personal data.
1.5. From time to time, We can update this Privacy Policy. We may notify you about
            changes to this Policy by placing a notice on the Site. Your continued use of our
            websites, apps and Services following the posting of changes constitutes your
            acceptance of such changes. We encourage you to periodically check back and review
            this Policy so that you always know Our current privacy practices.
2. INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
2.1. We collect and combine different types of information and/or data
            (including personal data) together. Here you can find more about what information
            and/or data We collect about you, when We collect it and what information and/or data
            We do not collect about you:
2.1.1. Registration, account, and sign-up information.
We collect data in the course of
            your use of, or registration with Shenzhen Xiaoruo Technology Co., Ltd. For example,
            when you create an account, register for, or download an application, or sign-up for a
            product or service, you provide us with certain personal data. This type of personal
            data can include name or email address.
2.1.2. Social media.
You can engage with some of Our content and offerings, such as
            videos, games, applications, and other offerings on or through third party communities,
            forums, and social media websites, services, plug-ins, and applications
            ("Social Media Sites"). When you link to or interact with Us or Our content through
            SocialMedia Sites, you allow Us to receive certain data from your social media account
             (e.g., your name, user ID, email address, profile photo, photos and videos, gender,
             date of birth, your list of friends and their contact details, people whom you follow
             and/or who follow you, the posts or the 'likes' you make).We also receive data from
             your interaction with Our content (e.g., data regarding content viewed, game
             performance, high scores, and information about advertisements you have been shown
             or have clicked on).Where permitted by law, by providing this data or otherwise
             interacting with Our websites through Social Media Sites, you consent to our use of
             data from Social Media Sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2.1.3. Technical and usage information.
We also collect certain technical and usage
            information such as your application data, access, session times and in-app purchases,
            device type, browser, and operating system you are using, your Internet service provider
            and/or mobile carrier, unique device ID (persistent/non-persistent), device hardware
            type, IDFA or IDFV, MAC address, IP address, device and browser settings, the webpages
            and apps you use, advertisements you see and interact with, and certain site usage
            information.This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us
            understand usage trends and improve and optimize the Services and your user experience,
            and may also be utilized for interest based advertising as described elsewhere in this
            Policy.
2.1.4. Customer enquiries.
Where you contact Us through one of our customer helpdesks
            or customer support centers, We may collect and process contents (including data) of
            your correspondence with Us and/or your contact details.
2.1.5. Tracking Technologies.
We and Our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates,
            or analytics service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts, and
            tags to identify User's computer/device and to "remember" things about your visit, such
            as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may
            be linked to your personal data, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving
            the quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making
            the Service easier to use. You can disable all cookies apart from the cookies necessary
            for the functioning of the site and/or an app.
3. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
3.1. We use collected information and/or data (including personal data) for the
            following purposes:
3.1.1. Providing and marketing products and services.
We use the information and/or data
            that we collect about you in order to analyze your use of our products, applications,
            services, video games and content, to facilitate sharing and other interactions with
            Social Media Sites, and to provide, develop, maintain, personalize, protect, and
            improve your experience and our offerings.In addition to this, we use this information
            and/or data for us and our affiliates, business partners, and third parties to target,
            offer, market, or advertise products, programs, or services.
3.1.2. Communicating with you.
We use information and/or data that we collect about you
            to communicate with you, in order to:
(i) notify you when you win one of our contests or sweepstakes, or when We make changes
            to our policies or terms of use;
(ii) respond to your inquiries;
(iii) contact you about your account; or
(iv) send you information about promotions, offerings, and Our features. You can also
            choose to receive push notifications from Us on your mobile device.
3.1.3 Third party social networks.
We use information and/or data that we collect about you when you interact with third
            party social networking features to serve you with advertisements and engage with you
            on third party social networks. You can learn more about how these features work, the
            profile data that We obtain about you, and find out how to opt out by reviewing the
            privacy notices of the relevant third party social network.
3.1.4. Use of technical and usage information.
We use technical and usage information to improve Our design, functionality and content
            and to enable Us to personalize your experience with Our content and offerings. We use
            this Information in order to:
(i) provide, develop, maintain, personalize, protect, and improve our products,
            applications, services and video games, and to operate our business,
(ii) perform analytics, including to analyze and report on usage and performance,
(iii) protect against, identify, and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity,
(iv) create aggregate data about groups or categories of Our Users.
3.1.5. Compliance.
We use information and/or data that we collect about our Users to detect, investigate,
            and prevent activities that violate Our terms of use, could be fraudulent, violating
            copyright or otherwise illegal, to comply with legal requirements, and to protect our
            rights and the rights and safety of our Users and third parties.
4. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
4.1. We share and disclose information and/or data (including personal data) for
            the following purposes:
4.1.1. Law enforcement bodies and courts.
We disclose information and/or data when provided by law, for example in response to a
            court order or a subpoena, or in response to a law enforcement body's request.
4.1.2. Change of control.
We will transfer information and/or data regarding our Users in the event of a business
            transaction, such as if We or one of Our business units or Our relevant assets are
            acquired by, sold to, or merged with another company or as part of a bankruptcy
            proceeding or a business reorganization.
4.1.3. Service providers.
Our agents and contractors have access to information and/or data regarding our Users
            in order to carry out the services they are performing for us, such as, but not limited
            to, fulfilment, creation, maintenance, hosting, and delivery of products and services,
            marketing, processing of payments, email and order fulfillment, administration of
            contests, research and analytics, and customer service.
4.1.4. Advertising networks.
We share certain information and/or data regarding our Users with third parties to
            provide advertising to you based on your interests. For more information, please see
            "Ad Choices" sections below.
5. YOUR CHOICES
5.1. Ad Choices.
We work with reputable third parties to present advertisements, and engage in data
            collection, reporting, ad delivery and response measurement, and website analytics on
            our websites and applications and on third party websites and applications. These third
            parties use cookies, web beacons, pixels, or similar technologies to perform this
            activity. They also obtain information about applications you use, websites you visit,
            and other information from your device(s) and browser(s) in order to help serve
            advertising that will be more relevant to your interests on and off our sites and
            across your device(s) and browser(s). This type of advertising is known as
            interest-based advertising.For more information about interest-based advertising on
            your desktop or mobile browser, and your ability to opt out of this type of advertising
            by third parties that participate in self-regulatory programs, please contact
            ciweixiansen@icloud.com.You can have more options depending on your mobile device and
            operating system. For example, most device operating systems (e.g., iOS for Apple
            phones, Android for Android devices, and Windows for Microsoft devices) provide their
            own instructions on how to limit or prevent the delivery of tailored in-application
            advertisements. You can review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for
            the respective operating systems to learn more about these features and how they apply
            to tailored in-app advertisements.
6. DATA RETENTION
6.1. We will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary for the
            purposes described in this Policy. This means that our data retention periods will vary
            according to the reason of collection. Generally, your service-related personal data
            will be kept for as long as you remain Our User (this way, in the event that you delete
            your account on the Services, we will immediately delete any personal data, provided
            under such account, including, but not limited to, your name, gender, profile picture,
            logs, and any information on and from social networks, linked to such account).
7. HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE RIGHTS IN RELATION TO YOUR DATA
7.1. Under certain conditions, you have the right to ask Us for a copy of your personal
            data, as well as to correct it, delete it or restrict its processing, and to obtain the
            personal data that you provided to Us in a structured, machine-readable format. You
            have the right to object to the processing of personal data on the basis of Our
            legitimate interests. Where We have asked for your consent to process your personal
            data, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
7.2. To exercise any of the above rights, please contact Us at ciweixiansen@icloud.com.
7.3. In addition to the above rights, as a resident of EU/EEA you also have a right to
            lodge a complaint to your local supervisory authority.
7.4. In cases permitted by law We reserve the right not to allow access to your
            personal data or to limit your rights (e.g. if such disclosure is prohibited by law or
            if the rights of another individual might be violated). In some instances, this may
            mean that we are able to retain your personal data even if you withdraw your consent.