Privacy Policy
This agreement is based on Japanese, and this translation is for reference only. If any discrepancy between the
interpretation of this agreement and the interpretation of the original is found, the interpretation of this agreement
shall be based on the interpretation of the original.
​
The original
https://www.codepaint.app/ja/privacy-policy/
​
Article 1 General rules
​
Codepaint Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "we") recognizes that personal information protection
is an important social mission and responsibility of business operators, and appropriately manages and operates user
information held by us. We have established this policy as a basic matter to be observed in order to do so.
Article 2 Definition of personal information
​
"Personal information" is information about an individual user, such as name, address, telephone number, photo,
information about the use of services, inquiry contents, browsing history of our website, and e-mail address. It means
that the individual user can be identified by other descriptions. In addition, even if the information cannot be
identified by itself, it can be easily collated with other information, and as a result, personal information includes
information that can identify the individual user.
Article 3 Acquisition of personal information
​
1. In principle, our service does not acquire personal information of users, but if personal information is acquired
through inquiries, the personal information shall be used only for responding to inquiries. I will.
2. In addition to the preceding paragraph, if we decide to acquire personal information, we will notify the user of the
purpose of use in advance by legal and fair means, and acquire personal information only to the necessary range. ..
3. In our service, the business operator who provides the platform may collect personal information instead of us.
Please note that the handling of personal information in this case will be carried out in accordance with the privacy
policy of the company that provides the platform.
4. We may collect personal information for our recruitment selection.
5. We may collect personal information in order to inform you of various information about our business.
Article 4 Disclosure of personal information
​
1. When a user requests disclosure of personal information, etc. based on the provisions of the Personal Information
Protection Law, we will confirm that the request is from the user himself / herself, and then ask the user. , We will
disclose it without delay (if the personal information etc. does not exist, we will notify you to that effect). In
addition, if there is no personal information to hold, we will notify you accordingly. However, this does not apply if
we are not obligated to disclose due to the Personal Information Protection Law and other laws and regulations. Please
note that a handling fee of 1,000 yen will be charged for each such request.
2. If you have any comments or questions regarding our handling of personal information, please contact us at the
contact email address listed at the end.
Article 5 Correction and suspension of personal information, etc.
​
1. We are requested by the user to (1) correct the content based on the provisions of the Personal Information
Protection Law because the personal information etc. is not true, and (2) beyond the scope of the purpose of use
announced in advance. If you are requested to stop using the information based on the provisions of the Personal
Information Protection Law because it is being handled or because it was collected by deception or other improper means,
you will be asked by the user himself / herself. After confirming that the request has been made, we will conduct the
necessary investigation without delay, and based on the result, we will correct or suspend the use of personal
information, etc., and notify the user to that effect. If we decide not to make corrections or suspension of use based
on a reasonable reason, we will notify the user to that effect. Please note that a handling fee of 1,000 yen will be
charged for each such request.
2. When we are requested by the user to delete the personal information of the user, and when we judge that it is
necessary to respond to the request, we will tell that the request is from the user himself / herself. After
confirmation, personal information etc. will be deleted. If we decide not to delete the product for a reasonable reason,
we will notify the user to that effect. Please note that a handling fee of 1,000 yen will be charged for each such
request.
3. If we are not obligated to make corrections or suspend the use under the Personal Information Protection Law or other
laws and regulations, the provisions of the preceding two paragraphs will not apply.
Article 6 Disclaimer
​
In the following cases, we are not responsible for the handling of personal information.
(1) When the user himself / herself reveals personal information to a third party by using the web service provided by
us or by other means by his / her own will or his / her own negligence.
(2) When the user provides personal information on an external website, etc. that is not managed by us, which is linked
from our service, or when personal information is unintentionally extracted.
(3) When personal information is leaked, damaged or lost due to malware, natural disasters, or other reasons not
attributable to us that cannot be prevented by taking measures that should normally be taken.
Article 7 Changes to this policy
​
When we hold personal information, we will comply with Japanese laws and regulations applicable to that personal
information and other norms, review the operational status regarding the handling of personal information as
appropriate, and strive for continuous improvement, if necessary. This policy may be changed accordingly. If there is a
change, we will notify the user by posting it on our website. However, in the case of changes that require the consent
of the user by law, the consent of the user shall be obtained by the method prescribed by us.
When this agreement is changed, the change will be displayed on our website and the date when the change will be
effective shall be clearly stated.
Article 8 About Google Analytics
​
Our website and services may use Google's access analysis tool "Google Analytics". Our apps may use Google Analytics through Firebase provided by Google. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect data. This data is collected anonymously and is
not personally identifiable. Google Analytics For more information about these Terms, see the Google Analytics Services
Terms of Service page (
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/us/
) and his Google Policies and Terms
page (
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en
).
​
Article 9 About advertisement distribution
​
Our service may use the ad serving tools AdMob and AdSense provided by Google. These tools may automatically obtain your
information. Regarding the information to be acquired, the purpose of use, provision to third parties, etc., please
refer to the program policy page (
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/48182
) and technology page
(
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en
) of Google's AdMob and AdSense.
Article 10 Relocation outside the EAA area
​
If we hold personal information, we will store it in Japan. The transfer of personal information to a third country
other than Japan / EAA (excluding countries / regions that have obtained sufficiency certification) will be transferred
by the method of concluding the Standard Contractual Clauses.
Article 11 Other rights of users
​
The user has the following rights. To request various rights, please contact us from the contact information listed at
the end.
(1) Access right (requesting access to personal data about users)
You will receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and you will be able to verify that we are processing it
legally.
(2) Processing restriction right
You may request us to stop processing personal data about you (for example, if you want to clarify the accuracy or
reason for processing).
(3) Data portability rights
You can request that personal data provided by you be transferred in a machine-readable format.
(4) Right to notify regarding processing restrictions
You may request us to stop processing personal data about you (for example, if you want to clarify the accuracy or
reason for processing).
(5) Right of opposition (to object to the processing of user's personal data in certain circumstances)
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases. You may also object to processing
your personal data for marketing purposes at any time. (Please note that we will continue to send you transaction
messages related to the services you have purchased from us, even if you object to the use of your personal data for
direct marketing purposes. The transaction message includes answers to questions from you and information about the
services you have purchased from us.)
(6) Right to refuse or withdraw consent
You can refuse to consent, and if we rely on your consent, you will always withdraw your consent in the future without
any adverse negative consequences. can do. The legality of processing your personal data that occurred prior to the
withdrawal of your consent is not affected.
(7) Right to file a complaint
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority in your place of residence, place of employment, or
in the EU Member State where the problem you are complaining about occurs.
Article 12 Personal information complaints / consultations
​
We will respond appropriately and promptly to complaints and consultations from the individual regarding the handling of
personal information and privacy policy. Please contact us from the contact information.
Also, if you want to raise concerns about our use of your information (without compromising other rights granted to
you), you may want to raise a concern with the local regulator or the Japanese Personal Information Protection
Commission. Please contact the association (
https://www.ppc.go.jp/
).
Contact information
​
If you have any comments, questions, or other inquiries regarding the handling of personal information, please contact
us at the following e-mail address.
​
Codepaint Inc.
E-mail:
privacy-compliance@codepaint.app
​
Revised Mar 13, 2025
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.codepaint.app/ja/privacy-policy/:
top of page
プライバシーポリシー
第1条　総則
​
コードペイント株式会社（以下「当方」といいます。）は、個人情報保護を事業者における重要な社会的使命・責務と認識し、当方が保有する利用者情報を適切に管理運用するために遵守するべき基本事項として本ポリシーを定めます。
第2条　個人情報の定義
​
「個人情報」とは、利用者個人に関する情報であって、当該情報を構成する氏名、住所、電話番号、写真、サービスのご利用に関する情報、お問い合わせ内容、当方ウェブサイトの閲覧履歴、メールアドレスその他の記述等により当該利用者個人を識別できるものをいいます。また、その情報のみでは識別できない場合でも、他の情報と容易に照合することができ、結果的に利用者個人を識別できるものも個人情報に含まれます。
第3条　個人情報の取得
​
1. 当方のサービスでは、原則的に利用者の個人情報を取得しておりませんが、問合せを通じて個人情報を取得した場合、その個人情報については、問い合わせへ返答することのみに利用するものとします。
2. 前項の他、当方が個人情報を取得することになった場合は、事前に適法かつ公正な手段によって利用目的を利用者に告知し、必要な範囲に限定して個人情報を取得します。
3. 当方のサービスでは、当方ではなくプラットフォームを提供する事業者が個人情報を取得する場合があります。この場合における個人情報の取扱いは、そのプラットフォームを提供する事業者のプライバシーポリシーに従って行われることに留意してください。
4. 当方の採用選考のため、個人情報を取得する場合があります。
5. 当方の事業に関する各種情報のお知らせのため、個人情報を取得する場合があります。
第4条　個人情報の開示
​
1. 当方は、利用者から、個人情報保護法の定めに基づき個人情報等の開示を求められたときは、利用者ご本人からのご請求であることを確認の上で、利用者に対し、遅滞なく開示を行います(当該個人情報等が存在しないときにはその旨を通知いたします。)。また、保有する個人情報がない場合はその旨を連絡いたします。但し、個人情報保護法その他の法令により、当方が開示の義務を負わない場合は、この限りではありません。なお、かかる請求については、1件あたり1,000円の手数料を頂戴しておりますので、予めご了承ください。
2. 当方の個人情報の取扱いにつきましてご意見、ご質問等のお問い合せは、末尾に記載のお問い合わせ先メールアドレスまでご連絡ください。
第5条　個人情報の訂正及び停止等
​
1. 当方は、利用者から、①個人情報等が真実でないという理由によって個人情報保護法の定めに基づきその内容の訂正を求められた場合、及び②あらかじめ公表された利用目的の範囲を超えて取り扱われているという理由又は偽りその他不正の手段により収集されたものであるという理由により、個人情報保護法の定めに基づきその利用の停止を求められた場合には、利用者ご本人からのご請求であることを確認の上で、遅滞なく必要な調査を行い、その結果に基づき、個人情報等の内容の訂正または利用停止を行い、その旨を利用者に通知します。なお、合理的な理由に基づいて訂正または利用停止を行わない旨の決定をしたときは、利用者に対しその旨を通知いたします。なお、かかる請求については、1件あたり1,000円の手数料を頂戴しておりますので、予めご了承ください。
2. 当方は、利用者から、利用者の個人情報等について消去を求められた場合、当方が当該請求に応じる必要があると判断したときは、利用者ご本人からのご請求であることを確認の上で、個人情報等の消去を行います。なお、合理的な理由に基づいて消去を行わない旨の決定をしたときは、利用者に対しその旨を通知いたします。なお、かかる請求については、1件あたり1,000円の手数料を頂戴しておりますので、予めご了承ください。
3. 個人情報保護法その他の法令により、当方が訂正等または利用停止等の義務を負わない場合は、前2項の規定は適用されません。
第6条　免責
​
以下の場合において、当方は個人情報の取扱いに関しての責任を一切負いません。
(1) 利用者本人が、自らの意思もしくは自らの過失により、当方の提供するウェブサービスの使用又はその他別の手段を用いて第三者に個人情報を明らかにした場合
(2) 当方のサービスからリンクされる当方が管理していない外部のウェブサイト等において、利用者が個人情報を提供した場合、又は意図せず個人情報を抜き取られてしまった場合
(3) 通常講ずるべき対策を講じた上では防止できないマルウェア、天変地異、その他当方の責によらない事由により個人情報が漏洩、損傷又は滅失した場合
第7条　本ポリシーの変更について
​
当方が個人情報を保有する場合、その個人情報に関して適用される日本の法令、その他規範を遵守するとともに、個人情報等の取扱いに関する運用状況について適宜見直し、継続的な改善に努めるものとし、必要に応じて、本ポリシーを変更することがあります。変更した場合には、当方のウェブサイトに掲載する方法で利用者に通知いたします。但し、法令上利用者の同意が必要となるような内容の変更の場合は、当方所定の方法で利用者の同意を得るものとします。
本規約の変更時には、当方のウェブサイト上に変更の旨を表示し、変更が有効となる日付を明示するものとします。
第8条　Google Analyticsについて
​
当方のウェブサイトおよびサービスでは、Googleのアクセス解析ツール「Google Analytics (Googleアナリティクス)」を使用する場合があります。当方のアプリでは、Googleの提供するFirebaseを通じてGoogle
Analyticsを使用する場合があります。Google Analyticsはデータの収集のためにCookieを使用しています。このデータは匿名で収集されており、個人を特定するものではありません。Google
Analyticsこの規約に関しての詳細は Googleアナリティクスサービス利用規約のページ(
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/jp/
)や
Googleポリシーと規約ページ(
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=ja
)をご参照覧ください。
第9条　広告配信について
​
当方のサービスでは、Googleの提供する広告配信ツールAdMobおよびAdSenseを使用することがあります。これらのツールがご利用者の情報を自動取得する場合があります。取得する情報、利用目的、第三者への提供等につきましては、Google
社のAdMobおよびAdSenseのプログラムポリシーページ（
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/48182
）やテクノロジーページ（
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=ja
）をご参照ください。
第10条　EAA域外への移転
​
当方は、個人情報を保有する場合、その個人情報を当方によって日本に保存します。日本・EAA以外の第三国（十分性認定を取得している国・地域を除く）への個人情報の移転は、標準契約条項（Standard Contractual
Clauses）の締結の方法により移転します。
第11条　利用者のその他の権利
​
利用者は以下の権利を有します。各種権利の請求は末尾に記載のお問い合わせ先からご連絡下さい。
(1) アクセス権(利用者に関する個人データへのアクセスを要求すること)
当方が利用者に関して保有する個人データのコピーを利用者が受け取り、当方が合法的にそれを処理しているか、確認することができます。
(2) 処理制限権
利用者に関する個人データの処理を停止するよう利用者は当方に対して要求することができます(例えば、利用者が正確性や処理の理由を明確にしたい場合)。
(3) データポータビリティ権
利用者が提供した個人データを機械可読な形式で転送するよう要求することができます。
(4) 処理制限に関する通知権
利用者に関する個人データの処理を停止するよう利用者は当方に対して要求することができます(例えば、利用者が正確性や処理の理由を明確にしたい場合）。
(5) 異議権(特定の状況において、利用者の個人データの処理に異議を唱えること)
利用者は、特定の場合、個人データの処理に異議を唱える権利があります。利用者はまた、いつでもマーケティング目的で利用者の個人データを処理することに異議を唱えることができます。（利用者がダイレクトマーケティング目的での個人データの使用に異議を唱えた場合であっても、当方は、利用者が当方から購入したサービスに関連した取引メッセージを引き続きお送りすることにご注意ください。取引メッセージには、利用者からの質問への回答や、利用者が当方から購入したサービスに関する情報を含みます。)
(6) 同意を拒否または撤回する権利
利用者は同意することを拒否でき、当方が利用者の同意に依拠している場合には、利用者はいつでも何らの不利な否定的な結果を伴うことなく、将来に向かって同意を撤回することができます。利用者の同意の撤回以前に生じた利用者の個人データの処理の合法性は影響を受けません。
(7) 苦情を申し立てる権利
利用者は、利用者の居住地、雇用地、または苦情の対象となる問題が発生した場所のEU加盟国内で、監督機関に苦情を申し立てる権利を有します。
第12条　個人情報の苦情・相談
​
個人情報の取扱い及びプライバシーポリシーに関する本人からの苦情及び相談に対して、適切かつ迅速に対応します。お問い合わせ先よりご連絡ください。
また、利用者が、当方による利用者の情報の使用について（利用者に与えられたその他の権利を損なうことなく）懸念を指摘されたい場合には、現地の規制当局または日本の個人情報保護委員会（
https://www.ppc.go.jp/
）までお問い合わせください。
お問い合わせ先
​
ご意見、ご質問等のお申出、その他個人情報等の取扱いに関するお問い合わせは、以下のメールアドレスまでご連絡をお願い致します。
​
コードペイント株式会社
E-mail:
privacy-compliance@codepaint.app
​
2025年3月13日 改定
トップ
アプリ
ツール
ブログ
会社情報
お問い合せ
bottom of page