Privacy Policy
Here at Coconut Lane, your privacy is important to us and we want to make sure your personal data is protected. Our Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from coconut-lane.com.
Personal information we collect:
When you visit Coconut Lane, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers , email address, and phone number). We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
By using our website, you (the visitor) agree to allow third parties to process your IP address, in order to determine your location for the purpose of currency conversion. You also agree to have that currency stored in a session cookie in your browser (a temporary cookie which gets automatically removed when you close your browser). We do this in order for the selected currency to remain selected and consistent when browsing our website so that the prices can convert to your (the visitor) local currency.
In order to offer you Klarna’s payment methods, we might in the checkout pass your personal data in the form of contact and order details to Klarna, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment methods and to tailor those payment methods for you. Your personal data transferred is processed in line with
Klarna’s own privacy notice
.
How do we use your Personal Information?
We use the Order Information that we collect to fulfil any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Additionally, we use this Order Information (of those who have opted into marketing) to provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. This could include communicating exclusives, updates, offers or other information we feel you might find interesting. We also use Order Information to screen our orders for potential risk or fraud. You can stop the above at any time by contacting us at hello@coconut-lane.com or by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of our marketing emails. Please allow 2 working days for this to be processed if contacting us directly via email.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimise our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
One of the ways we will keep you up to date with Coconut Lane is using retargeting. You will come across this retargeting on other websites such as Google, Facebook and Instagram. By looking at the products you have viewed or purchased on our website, we aim to target you with products we feel would be of interest to you.
Our website uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via SMS.
Sharing your Personal Information:
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. We have listed below the third parties which we share your personal data with.
We use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
Paypal - https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Mail Chimp - https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy
Instagram - https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
The above excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
[[ FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
EMAIL - Opt out upon receipt of marketing email or by emailing us on hello@coconut-lane.com ]]
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Social Media:
Social media is at the heart of Coconut Lane and we love to utilise our social channels to keep in touch and up to date with our customers! By interacting with us on social media, (this may include following us, liking our posts, commenting, tagging us, retweeting), you are giving your consent for us to interact with you on these social platforms and are also giving us access and permission to process any of your data which is accessible on social media.
Your interaction with us on social media may also mean that you post photos or videos of our products. By interacting with us, you are also consenting to us using your image and contributions, royalty free - for the purpose of advertising and endorsing Coconut Lane.
However, if you would not like us to share your images or contributions, then please email us at hello@coconut-lane.com and we will stop.
Do not track:
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Security:
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
The right to access your personal information:
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted (the right to erasure). If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us on hello@coconut-lane.com
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfil contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data Retention:
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
If you have opted into marketing, we will keep you on our email database until you unsubscribe or ask to be removed.
Minors:
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 16 and we do not intentionally collect data from minors. If you are under 16 years old then we ask you not to use the Site and not to enter any personal information including your email address, address, name, username or telephone number. If it is brought to our attention that we have personal data of a minor then that information will be removed immediately.
Changes to our policy:
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact us:
If you would like more information about our privacy practices, would like to exercise your right to access, correct, amend or erase your personal data, make a complaint, or would like to ask a question then we are here to help. Please contact us via e-mail at hello@coconut-lane.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Unit 7, Nimrod, De Havilland Way, Witney, OX29 0YG
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.klarna.com/international/privacy-policy/:
Discover Klarna
For Business
Privacy policy
Select your country of residence from the list below to read the appropriate policy.
Klarna
Australia
Austria
Belgium (
fr
/
nl
)
Canada (
en
/
fr
)
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland (
fi
/
se
)
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland (
de
/
fr
/
it
/
en
)
United Kingdom
United States (
en
/
es
)
Luxembourg
Bulgaria
Slovenia
PriceRunner
Denmark
Sweden
United Kingdom