1.Introduction
1.1. Netboom Booming Players‘ Club is committed to building the best free apps for global players. This Service isprovided by Netboom Booming Players‘ Club and intended for use as is.This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with thecollection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided touse our Services. If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to thecollection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Informationthat we collect is used for providing and improving Services. We will not useor share your information with anyone except as described in this PrivacyPolicy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in ourTerms and Conditions, which is accessible in app unless otherwise defined inthis Privacy Policy.
2.Information Collection & Use
2.1. When you register a Netboom Booming Players‘ Club account with us, we may require you to provide us with certainpersonally identifiable information, including but not limited to SMS, Name,Mobile Number, Email Address, Facebook ID, and any other data which you supplyus via our Services.
2.2. For a better experience, while usingour Services, we may also collect the following information:
2.2.1. Your Network status and connectioninformation which specifically will be used to help optimize your connection.
2.2.2. Details of your use of our Servicesincluding, but not limited to: your published posts and reviews and other datagenerated by your use of our Services.
2.3. The information that we request willbe retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app doesuse third party Services that may collect information used to identify you.Link to privacy policy of third party Services providers used by the app.
3.Log Data
3.1. We want to inform you that wheneveryou use our Services, in a case of an error in the app we collect data andinformation (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. ThisLog Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”)address, user ID, device name, operating system version, the configuration ofthe app when utilizing our Services, the time and date of your use of theService, and other statistics.
4.Cookies
4.1. Cookies are files with a small amountof data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sentto your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on yourdevice's internal memory.
4.2. This Service does not use these“cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and librariesthat use “cookies” to collect information and improve their Services.
4.3. You have the option to either acceptor refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. Ifyou choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions ofthis Service.
5.Service Providers
5.1. We may employ third-party companiesand individuals due to the following reasons:
5.1.1. To facilitate our Services;
5.1.2. To provide the Service on ourbehalf;
5.1.3. To perform Service-related Services;
5.1.4. To assist us in analyzing how our Servicesis used.
We want to inform users of this Servicethat these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reasonis to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they areobligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
6.Security
We value your trust in providing us yourPersonal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable meansof protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over theinternet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and wecannot guarantee its absolute security. 7.Third-Party Services
This Service may contain links to othersites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Our Privacy Policy doesnot extend to these external sites or companies. Therefore, we strongly adviseyou to refer directly to their privacy policies. We have no control over andassume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of anythird-party sites or Services.
8.Kids Privacy Policy
8.1. We takes special care to protect theprivacy of children, and our Products and Services are not targeted for use bychildren under the age of 13.
8.2. We do not and will not knowinglycollect personal information from any child under the age of 13. In the case wediscover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, weimmediately delete this from our servers.
8.3. Please contact us, if you are a parentor guardian and are concerned about the transfer of personal information aboutyour child. If you are under the age of 13, please inform your parents orguardians before you use.
9.Terms & Conditions
9.1. By downloading or using the app, theseterms will automatically apply to you - you should make sure therefore that youread them carefully before using the app. You are not allowed to copy, ormodify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You are notallowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldnot try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions.The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and otherintellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Netboom Booming Players‘ Club.
9.2. Netboom Booming Players‘ Club is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible.For that reason, the app stores and processes personal data that you haveprovided to us, in order to provide our Services.
9.3. It is your responsibility to keep yourphone and access to the app secure. Therefore, we recommend that you do notjailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing softwarerestrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of yourdevice. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/maliciousprograms, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that theapp will not work properly or at all. You should be aware that there arecertain things that Netboom Booming Players‘ Club will not takeresponsibility for.
9.4. Certain functions of the app willrequire the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but Netboom Booming Players‘ Club cannot take responsibility for the app not working at fullfunctionality if you do not have access to Wi-Fi, and you do not have any ofyour data allowance left. If you are using the app outside of an area withWi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobilenetwork provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by yourmobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection whileaccessing the app, or other third party charges. In using the app, you areaccepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data chargesif you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country)without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the deviceon which you are using the app, please be aware that we assume that you havereceived permission from the bill payer for using the app. Along the samelines, Netboom Booming Players‘ Club cannot always take responsibilityfor the way you use the app, i.e., you need to make sure that your device stayscharged - if it runs out of battery and you cannot turn it on to avail theService, Netboom Booming Players‘ Club cannot accept responsibility.
9.5. With respect to Netboom Booming Players‘ Club’s responsibility for your use of the app. When you are using theapp, it is important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure thatit is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provideinformation to us so that we can make it available to you. Netboom Booming Players‘ Club accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, youexperience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.
9.6. At some point, we may wish to updatethe app. The requirements (and for any additional systems we decide to extendthe availability of the app to) may change, and you will need to download theupdates if you want to keep using the app. Netboom Booming Players‘ Club does not promise that it will always update the app so that it isrelevant to you and/or works with the Android & iOS version that you haveinstalled on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to theapp when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and mayterminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you.Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licensesgranted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and(if needed) delete it from your device.
10.GDPR
10.1. Netboom Booming Players‘ Club takes the security of your data and our infrastructure very seriously. We arecommitted to providing an environment that is safe, secure, and available toall of our users.
10.2. Passed in 2016, the new General DataProtection Regulation (GDPR) is the most significant legislative change inEuropean data protection laws since the EU Data Protection Directive (Directive95/46/EC), introduced in 1995. The GDPR, which becomes enforceable on May 25,2018, seeks to strengthen the security and protection of personal data in theEU and serve as a single piece of legislation for all of the EU. It willreplace the EU Data Protection Directive and all the local laws relating to it.We support the GDPR and will ensure all Netboom Booming Players‘ Club servicescomply with its provisions by October 20, 2021. Not only is the GDPR animportant step in protecting the fundamental right of privacy for Europeancitizens, it also raises the bar for data protection, security and compliancein the industry.
11.Changes to This Privacy Policy
11.1. We may change this Privacy Policy ifwe think it is necessary for legal reasons or to reflect changes in Netboom Booming Players‘ Club. If so, We will notify you of any changes by postingthe new Privacy Policy on this page. We will also update the “Last Updated”date.
11.2. Once we change the Privacy Policy, Itwill be effective immediately after we post it online.
12.Changes to This Terms and Conditions
12.1. We may change our Terms andConditions at any time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodicallyfor any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms andConditions on this page.
12.2. Once we change the Terms andConditions, They will be effective immediately after we post them online.
13.Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestionsabout our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us via support：superplayer1@163.com