Who We Are
Depending on the type of App
              Services you opt for as a User, the Controller of Your Personal
              Data shall be one or both of the following Brighty group
              companies:
For
                  cryptocurrency-related Services: Brighty Digital UAB, a
                  Lithuanian Company with registration number 306099818,
                  having its registered address at Konstitucijos pr. 21,
                  Vilnius,
                  Lithuania.
(the “Company” “We” “Us” “Our”).
By using Our App and Our
              Services, You acknowledge reading and fully considering this
              Privacy Notice.
The Company acknowledges
              that in collecting Your Personal Data We are bound by the GDPR.
              For any further request or query about how We use Your Personal
              Data, You may address Us/Our Data Protection Officer through the
              following email address: privacy@brighty.app.
Any notice, demand, request
              or other communication which You address to the Company shall
              either be sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, or
              by e-mail. All communication done by e-mail shall be deemed
              received on the business day following the day of transmission.
Definitions
Capitalised terms in this Notice shall have the meaning assigned
            to them under the GDPR, and shall be construed accordingly.
            Furthermore, the following definitions shall apply:
Account – an account
              provided to You by the Company upon Your registration and
              acceptance of the Terms and Conditions for use of the Services.
GDPR – the General Data
              Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679, of the European Parliament
              and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural
              persons with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on
              the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive
              95/46/EC, as amended, replaced or superseded and in force from
              time to time.
Services – the
              traditional/fiat currency and cryptocurrency-related Services
              provided by the Company through the App, as defined in our Terms
              and Conditions.
User – any person who
              registers an Account and uses the App (“You”, “Your”).
Subject Matter
This Privacy Notice informs
              You how the Company collects, processes, uses, stores and
              protects Your Personal Data as well as the rights You have with
              respect to the processing of Your Personal Data, when using the
              Services.
The Company reserves the
              right to amend and update this Privacy Notice, whenever it deems
              appropriate, and any changes thereof shall come in force and
              effect from the instance they appear online on the App. Any
              substantial modifications to this Privacy Notice will be
              communicated to You.
Principles of Data Processing
We fully respect Your
              fundamental rights and consider the protection of Your Personal
              Data to be a priority. Accordingly, when processing Your
              Personal Data, We respect the following basic principles:
We submit Your Personal
                  Data only to lawful and fair processing, and We maintain
                  full transparency vis-à-vis the way We handle Your Personal
                  Data.
We collect and process
                  Your Personal Data only for specified, explicit, and
                  legitimate purposes as outlined in this Privacy Notice, and
                  We do not process it further in any manner incompatible with
                  these purposes.
We process Your Personal
                  Data only to the extent that it is necessary and appropriate
                  to the purposes for which it is collected.
We make reasonable
                  efforts to ensure that Your Personal Data is accurate and
                  updated, taking all reasonable steps to immediately delete
                  or correct it in case of inaccuracy.
We process Your Personal
                  Data in a manner that guarantees its security by using
                  appropriate technical and organizational measures.
In general, We comply with
              all applicable laws and statutory obligations as Data Controller
              of Your Personal Data.
Types of Personal Data We Process
Capitalised terms in this Notice shall have the meaning assigned
            to them under the GDPR, and shall be construed accordingly.
            Furthermore, the following definitions shall apply:
At the point of Your Account
              registration and use – “Registration and Operational Data”,
              including the following:
Legal Name and Surname;
We will determine the
                  applicable conversion rate from time to time using the over
                  the
                  counter and exchange rates available to us.
E-mail address;
Active phone number;
Password;
Transactional data (e.g.
                  IBAN and other bank details);
Cryptocurrency wallet
                  addresses;
Information about
                  Yourself as prompted by Our App and any applicable
                  registration and information input forms.
During Your business
              relationship with Us - Know Your Customer Data (KYC), including
              the following:
Government-issued proof
                  of identity documents;
Proof of address
                  documents issued in the last six months;
Source of funds
                  information;
Any mandatory
                  information as per applicable Anti-Money Laundering and
                  Counter-Terrorist-Financing laws and regulations.
Depending on the circumstances of the relationship, we may
              collect additional KYC Data.
Any other Personal Data directly provided by You during Your
              interaction with Us.
Purposes and Legal Basis for Data Processing
The Company may process Your
              Personal Data to fulfill its obligations under the Terms and
              Conditions, for the following purposes:
Administration and
                  development of the App and the Services;
Enhancement of user
                  experience, including the provision of personalized Services
                  and improvement of the App and the Services;
Verifying compliance
                  with the Terms and Conditions of the App.
The Company may process Your
              Personal Data to comply with its legal obligations, for the
              following purposes:
Detection of money
                  laundering, terrorist financing, fraud and other financial
                  crimes on the App.
The Company may process Your
              Personal Data based on our legitimate interest to promote our
              Services and develop our business, for the following purposes:
Commercial
                  communication, rewards and promotional programs relating to
                  Our Services.
The Company may process Your
              Personal Data only with Your lawful consent for the following
              purpose:
General marketing and
                  promotion.
You have the right to
              withdraw Your consent at any time in writing to Our contact
              details mentioned in this Notice. Withdrawal of Your consent
              does not affect the lawfulness of the treatment of Your data
              prior to its revocation.
Data Recipients
For the execution of the
              purposes mentioned in this Privacy Notice, We may provide access
              or transmit Your Personal Data to the following recipients
              (
"Data Processors"
):
Third-party customer
                verification and identification providers;
Our internet and data
                hosting providers for hosting purposes;
Third-party providers for
                the smooth operation of the App and Our information and
                communication systems;
Third-party digital asset
                custody technology providers;
Third-party cryptocurrency
                risk intelligence providers;
Third party marketing
                partners for marketing and promotional purposes;
Third party analytical
                tools providers
Third-party payment
                providers for payment facilitation purposes;
The processing of Your
              Personal Data by Our Data Processors is done under a contract
              compelling Data Processors to the same level of data protection
              provided under this Privacy Notice.
We will not disclose Your
              Personal Data with any third parties outside of the European
              Union . However, in the event that such a data transfer occurs,
              We will take all reasonable steps possible to ensure that Your
              data is treated as securely as it is within the European Union
              and in accordance with this Privacy Notice and applicable
              legislation. Additionally, We will update this Privacy Notice to
              reflect the cross-border data transfer and the relevant
              safeguards for Your privacy.
In the event that We are
              required by a court or other administrative authority, pursuant
              to an investigation relating to unlawful activities such as
              money laundering and in any other case that We are legally bound
              to do so, the Company may transfer Your Personal Data to public
              authorities to the extent specified by law.
Data Security and Confidentiality
The Company applies internal
              policies and takes all appropriate organizational, technical and
              procedural security measures, as well as technical standards, in
              accordance with applicable laws and regulations for the proper
              use and integrity of Your Personal Data and to prevent
              unauthorized or accidental access, processing, deletion,
              alteration or other use.
The processing of Your
              Personal Data by the Company is conducted in a secure and
              confidential manner, taking into account the latest
              developments, implementation costs and the nature, scope,
              context and purposes of the processing, as well as the risks for
              Your rights and freedoms, which are applicable in each
              circumstance.
Your Personal Data is
              processed solely by authorised personnel of the Company, bound
              by strict obligations of confidentiality.
Retention of Personal Data
We retain Your Personal Data
              for the lifetime of your Account plus five years beyond Account
              closure, in accordance with the Data Minimisation and Storage
              Limitation principles.
Furthermore, the Company may
              retain Your Personal Data after the expiration of the relevant
              processing purposes for the following reasons:
In case We have a legal
                obligation to retain Your Personal Data under a relevant
                statutory provision.
Based on Our legitimate
                interest to defend the Company against any potential legal
                claims, before any competent court or public authority.
After the retention period,
              Your Personal Data is erased from Our databases and systems.
For more information about
              data retention terms in relation to specific Personal Data,
              please contact Us at privacy@brighty.app.
Your Rights
You have the right:
To request access to Your
                Personal Data and information related to its processing and
                obtain a copy thereof.
To request for the
                rectification of any inaccuracies or missing Personal Data.
To request the erasure of
                Your Personal Data.
To request the restriction
                of the processing of Your Personal Data in cases explicitly
                provided for by law.
To object to the
                processing of Your Personal Data in cases explicitly provided
                for by law.
To object to a decision
                taken solely on the basis of automated processing, including
                profiling, which has impact on You or significantly affects
                You.
Any requests relevant to the
              above Section 10.1 must be addressed in writing to
              support@brighty.app.
If You feel that Your rights
              are infringed, You have the right to file a complaint with the
              Estonia Office of the Data Protection Inspectorate at the
              following website
              https://www.aki.ee/en/guidelines/how-can-we-help-foreign-persons-and-authorities
              or the Lithuania Office of the State of the Data Protection
              Inspectorate at the following website https://vdai.lrv.lt/en/
Your Obligations
By using Our Website and by providing Your Personal Data, You
            acknowledge that You are required to provide Your actual, accurate
            and complete data as requested by the Company. Furthermore, You
            must inform Us of any changes to Your information so as to ensure
            it is kept up-to-date and accurate
Cookies
Our Website uses cookies. For more information please review Our
            Cookie Notice
By selecting "Accept all", you agree to the use of all cookies, both third-party and your own. In the case of cookies set by third-party providers, processing may take place in the USA. We would like to point out that there is currently no adequate level of data protection with the USA and that access by US authorities to this data cannot be completely ruled out at any time. Under the item "Manage cookies" you have the option of deciding for yourself which cookies you would like to allow.,
Accept all
Manage