This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) serves to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of the information we receive when you access and use all websites (the “Sites”), services, software, mobile applications (including without limitation mobile games), content, and all other products and services (all of the foregoing collectively and any of them, the “Services”) owned, controlled or offered, directly or indirectly, by Lihuhu Pte Ltd. or its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Lihuhu”, “we,” “our” or “us”). Users, account holders, customers, visitors, and others who download, access, use and/or subscribe to the Services (“you” or “User”) agree to the following Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into our Terms of Service, currently available at https://lihuhugames.com/term-of-service/  (the “Terms of Service”). By using the Services, you hereby warrant and represent that you have read, understand and agree to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service and that you are over 18 years of age. PLEASE DO NOT USE, INSTALL OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
PERSONAL DATA
“Personal Data” means data about you that allows someone to identify you, including, for example, your name, address, geographic location of your computer or mobile device, telephone number, email address, payment method as well as any other information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. We may collect Personal Data from you when you:
(i)
use our Services or visit the Sites,
(ii)
register for Services or create an account or profile or accept the creation of an account or profile on your behalf on any Service or Site (an “Account”),
(iii)
access the Services through social networking sites or third-party services,
(iv)
purchase a product or Services in our mobile applications (“in-app purchase”);
(v)
invite your friends to join the Services, “share” the Services on social networking sites or use or perform other similar features or activities;
(vi)
request technical support; and
(vii)
otherwise, use our mobile applications or online Services where Personal Information is required for such use and/or participation.
The Personal Information we collect will vary depending upon the Services you use and may include, but not limited to,
a)
Registration Information:
If you create an account, you may provide us your name, username, e-mail address, password, and other information that helps us confirm that you are accessing Your Account. We may do this through in-game dialog boxes, which you may choose to skip, and/or offer you the option to complete a user profile that is visible to other users of the Sites.
If you sign into the Services with Facebook Connect, we will collect information that is visible via your Facebook account, such as (1) your first and last name, (2) your Facebook ID, (3) your profile picture/URL, and (4) list of Facebook friends. Your Account may be used to publicly identify you as part of social features of the Services, which may include user-to-user interaction, chat or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head competition, and other similar features.
The Lihuhu username will be public and will be shown to other users but will only permit access to information that is considered public or that you have designated as public in your user profile settings.
We may also offer you the ability to import your contacts so that you can locate them on our Games and invite them to join you in the Services. We will store those contacts for the purpose of helping you and your contacts make connections through our Services. This information is typically collected using third-party mobile device software development kits.
Additionally, if another User refers you to us by providing us with your e-mail address, we may send you a message. However, we will use your e-mail address only to send such other Users’ messages unless you otherwise affirmatively provide Your Information to us.
b)
Payment Information:
When you order any good or service through the Services or Sites, including any virtual currency or virtual good, our payment processing service provider will collect your name, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, and complete credit card information, enabling them to receive your payment. Our payment processing service provider may also retain this information to enable you to purchase additional items through our Services without having to re-enter it each time.
Payment transactions for in-app purchases are completed through the app store via your Apple iTunes Account or Google Play account. Any post-purchase processes are controlled by Apple and Google (Each a “Platform”) and are subject to specific terms of such Platform. Please review their privacy policy and terms of service.
c)
Information Collected by Customer Support:
When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name and e-mail address), information about your gameplay or activity on the Services, and your username or ID number. We will also store the correspondence and any information contained within.
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our Services to send you game updates, high scores, and other service-related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
d)
Technical and Usage Information:
When you access our Services, we may collect (i) usage statistics about your interactions with the Services; and (ii) certain technical information about your mobile device or computer system (as defined in the “AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION” Section below); (iii) location based on the IP address; (iv)  network-based geo-location data based on the proximity of network towers or the location of Wi-Fi networks; and/or (v) geo-location data based on coordinates obtained from a mobile device’s GPS radio and location services. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent. If location services are enabled on your mobile device, certain of the Services will passively and automatically send location information to us in order for us to deliver location-specific information on your device and compile your individualized timeline. Please note that disabling location service will not anonymize data already collected and uploaded to our servers.
In certain services, we will create and assign an identifier to your device that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as username, character name, or e-mail address.
In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all information collected from or about you, including Personal Data and non-identifying data, as “Your Information.”
We do not knowingly solicit or collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 on our website or in our mobile applications.
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
We will also collect certain pieces of information automatically and passively in order to provide the Services. In addition, we and other third parties use cookies and other technologies to passively collect non-identifying data as described. The information collected typically includes browser, mobile device, such as model, device IDs or other device identifiers, operating system or platform type, IP Address (as defined below), devise language and time zone, network Media Access Control (MAC) address and connection, referring site, list of search terms entered, list of advertisements clicked on, and the date and time of each visitor request. When you use the Services, information, including, without limitation, username, device information, and debug logs will be tracked and communicated back to a centralized server. Lihuhu collects this data to best serve its Users.
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
A “cookie” is a small file stored by your browser when told to do so by a website. The cookies are typically used to quickly identify your device and to “remember” your browser or sessions during subsequent visits for purposes of functionality and preferences. Cookies do not enable anyone to access personally identifiable information that you have not already given us. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest, to monitor Site or mobile application usage, and to collect information on which ads or links are clicked. Some of the companies delivering advertisements in the Services may also use cookies and other technologies. Such practices are subject to the terms and privacy policies of such companies. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you will not be able to use all portions or all functionalities of the Services.
IP ADDRESS
When you visit and interact with the Sites, we and/or third parties with whom we have contracted to provide services to us may collect your Internet Protocol Address (“IP Address”), which is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider. This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Sites, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited. We use IP Addresses to monitor the regions from which Users navigate the Sites and for fraud prevention purposes.
DO NOT TRACK
If you disable cookies or active “do not track” signals or other mechanisms in your browser, you may lose some or all of the features and functionalities of the Services.
INFORMATION YOU POST ON THE SERVICES
When you set up an Account you will be required to provide certain Personal Information such as your name, address, and email address. You can choose not to provide any information that is requested of you by us; however, this may limit your ability to use or access the Services.
Lihuhu has no obligation to keep private any information that you disclose to other Users or the public using the Services. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information through the use of tools/functions. We strongly recommend that you do not post any information through the Services that allows strangers to identify or locate you or that you otherwise do not want to share with the public.
INFORMATION YOU SHARE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES OR THROUGH SOCIAL MEDIA SERVICES
The Services may include links to third-party websites and social media services where you will be able to post comments, stories, reviews or other information. Your use of these third-party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third-party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third-party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites and social media services.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
Lihuhu believes that the privacy of its Users is paramount and strives to use their data only in ways outlined in this Privacy Policy. By providing Your Information to us, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the Terms of Service and freely accepting and agreeing to our processing of Your Information in ways set forth in this Privacy Policy. Supplying to us any information deemed “sensitive” by applicable law is entirely voluntary on your part. Most uses of the collected data are for internal purposes only.
When you submit information to us, it is collected, processed and maintained solely by us or by third-party service providers who are bound by privacy restrictions at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Privacy Policy. Your Information is used and disclosed for, but is not limited to, the following purposes:
(i)
to provide the Services, including without limitation to collect and remit payment for any paid Services,
(ii)
to administer your use of the Services and any Accounts you may have with us,
(iii)
to understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services;
(iv)
to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
(v)
to provide to you Service announcements or inform you of new releases and features,
(vi)
to provide you with further information and offers from us or third parties that we believe you may find useful or interesting, such as newsletters, marketing or promotional materials,
(vii)
to perform tasks on behalf of and according to instructions of a third party, such as our advertising partners,
(viii)
to enforce our Terms of Service,
(ix)
to resolve any disputes between Users of the Site or between such Users and us, and
(x)
to contact you to obtain feedback from you regarding the Site and the Services.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such contact, announcements, information or offers, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in the communication.
We may also use non-identifying data for the above purposes and in addition to:
(i)
monitor and analyze use of the Services and for the technical administration of the Sites,
(ii)
improve the Sites and the Services,
(iii)
generate and derive useful data and information concerning the interests, characteristics and website use behavior of our Users, and
(iv)
verify that Users of the Services meet the criteria required to process their requests.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
Lihuhu may engage certain service providers for additional features, such as payment processing, hosting, providing analytics, and helping us deliver and develop the Services. Third parties will not be able to use Your Information in ways that are prohibited by this Privacy Policy. However, Lihuhu is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of such third parties.
ADVERTISERS
We may use, share and disclose Your Information with our partners and service providers to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that we believe will be of most interest to you.
To the extent we display advertising in our Services, we may allow advertising networks of our affiliates and partner networks to collect information about your mobile device to enable them to serve targeted ads to you. Such mobile device data includes demographic and geo-location, as well as information logged from your hardware or device, including data such as IP address, device model and ID; device properties related to screen size & orientation, audio volume and battery; device time zone, region and language; MAC address and connection; operating system; name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services; application usage data; click ID; and Advertising ID (IDFA on iOS devices and GAID on Android devices) to ensure relevant advertising is presented within the Services and Sites.
A list of these advertising partners and their privacy policies is available at APPENDIX A. The privacy policies of our partners may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data collection and use practices. You may wish to check those privacy policies to learn more about their practices.
We may display to you behaviourally targeted advertising. If you wish to “opt out” of certain targeted advertising, please adjust the privacy settings on your device or browser. If you “opt out” of ads, it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising; it just means that the advertising you see displayed will not be customized to you and your interests and may be less relevant to you. If you want to be certain that no advertisements are displayed to you, please do not use or access the Services or Sites.
You may visit www.aboutads.info/choices or www.youronlinechoices.eu (for individuals in the EU) to learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of this form of advertising on your web browser by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) self-regulatory program. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising in mobile apps on your device by companies that participate in the DAA’s AppChoices app, you may download the app onto your device and exercise your choice.  AppChoices is available at the links below:
DAA AppChoices iOS
DAA AppChoices Android
DAA AppChoices Amazon
Lihuhu will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Sites or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any site linked to it.
ANALYTICS INFORMATION
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Services. These tools collect information sent by our mobile application that you have downloaded or are using, or your browser as part of a web page request, including the web pages you visit, your browser add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Services. We may collect and use this analytics information together with your Personal Information and stitch together session data from unauthenticated User visits with authenticated User visits to build a broader profile of our individual Users so that we can serve you better.
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS
Lihuhu may disclose certain information in the event that it is merged, acquired, sold, or some of its assets are acquired. Lihuhu will endeavour to ensure that the entity who receives Your Information treats it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND LAW ENFORCEMENT
We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to:
(i)
comply with a legal requirement or process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures;
(ii)
enforce the Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service;
(iii)
respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties;
(iv)
respond to User comments or service inquiries;
(v)
protect our rights, property, or safety and the rights, property and safety of the Services, our Users or the public; or
(vi)
prevent or stop any activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, inappropriate or legally actionable.
However, Lihuhu will endeavour only to disclose information requested via a valid legal process and will endeavour to notify any User about whom we have disclosed information if possible.
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE YOUR COUNTRY
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to enable transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal data, as described in this Policy.
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide the Services to you.  We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law.  We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers; where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no other lawful basis for such processing, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you.  You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer.  Visit the “Contact Us” section below for contact information.
PRIVACY SHIELD FRAMEWORK
Lihuhu transfers certain personal data to the U.S. and participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Lihuhu is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List, available at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
Lihuhu is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Lihuhu complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Lihuhu is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  In certain situations, Lihuhu may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Lihuhu commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact us at: legal@Lihuhu.com. We will attempt to answer your questions and satisfy your concerns in a timely and complete manner. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
If your complaint is still not resolved through these channels, under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website here:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint
you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
These additional provisions for California consumers apply only to individuals who reside in California.  The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to know, delete and opt out, and requires “businesses” collecting or disclosing personal information to provide notice and a means to exercise those rights.
Categories of personal information collected in the preceding 12 months
Business purpose for collection
Third parties with whom we may share your information
Right to Know and Right to Delete.
For any of the personal information described above, you can request to know what personal information we collected, disclosed, used and sold, and request that we delete your personal information at any time. To exercise your right to know and right to deletion, please submit a request by emailing admin@lihuhugames.com with the subject line “California Rights Request”.  We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. In order to verify your identity, we will generally require the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the right to know and right to deletion, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.
Upon verification of your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to complete the transaction with you, detect security incidents or fraud, fixing errors, exercise free speech or another right provided by law, comply with legal obligations, or other internal and lawful uses.
Right to Opt Out of Sale
CCPA gives you a right to direct a business that sells your personal information to stop selling your personal information and to refrain from doing so in the future. We do not sell any of your personal information and will require our service providers not to sell your personal information.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your rights under the CCPA or have any questions or concerns, please email us at admin@lihuhugames.com.  In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf where (i) you provide sufficient evidence to show that the requestor is an authorized agent with written permission to act on your behalf and (ii) you successfully verify your own identity with us.
We aim to respond to a consumer request for access or deletion within 45 days of receiving that request. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EU INDIVIDUALS
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information.  At any time, you may contact Lihuhu at the address provided in the “Contact Us” section herein and request to access the personal data that Lihuhu holds about you. Lihuhu may need to ask you to provide certain information to make sure you are who you claim to be. If you find the information on your account is not accurate, complete or updated, then please provide Lihuhu with the necessary information to correct it.
Withdrawing Your Consent. Contact Us if you would like to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data. Exercising this right will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before withdrawal.
Erasing or Restricting Access to Your Information.  You may request to delete or restrict access to your personal data. We may postpone or deny your request if your personal data is in current use for providing Services or for other legitimate purposes, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Transferring your Personal Data (Otherwise known as Your Right to Data Portability).  You have the right to receive your personal data that you have provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit that data to another party of your choice, where technically feasible. However, this right shall not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to Make Complaint: if you consider that our processing of your personal data infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
If you have any concerns about the way we process your personal data, you are welcome to contact our data protection officer at admin@lihuhugames.com or write to us at the address set forth in the “Contact Us” section. We will look into your request and make good-faith efforts to resolve any concerns you may have.
SECURITY
We understand the importance of privacy and security to our Users and have made them a priority. Lihuhu uses a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure and trains Lihuhu employees on privacy and security issues. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes, and we do not promise that your Personal Information or private communications will be protected from unauthorized disclosure or use. Lihuhu is not responsible for the actions of those who obtain your content in this manner. Lihuhu cannot guarantee your safety and security and you should be aware that submitting any information and using the Services is done at your own risk. Please do not provide any privileged information on the Sites or when using the Services.
CHILDREN
While we allow minors under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16) to use the Services, only parents, legal guardians, or other adults are allowed to make purchases through our Services.
We may not knowingly collect information that includes Personal Information of children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), we will promptly take steps to delete such information. We urge parents to monitor their children’s use of all digital media.
With proper authentication, a parent or legal guardian always has the right to review the Personal Information we may have collected and stored about their child, request deletion of such Personal Information, or refuse to allow further collection or use of such information by Lihuhu. Please keep in mind that a request to delete such information may limit your or the child’s access to all or a portion of the Services. If you believe that a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16) might have provided us with Personal Information without your permission, or if you wish to view, request deletion of, or prohibit further collection of information about your child, please contact us at
admin@lihuhugames.com
.
MANAGING YOUR PRIVACY
We keep your data on your behalf and for your benefit. You can correct or delete your account information by following the instructions on the Services or by e-mail at
admin@lihuhugames.com
which you may also access for further assistance and questions regarding the Privacy Policy or for a copy of your account data. If you cancel your account or request us to delete Your Information, Lihuhu will limit its access to personally identifiable data to perform what is requested by you and will delete information accessible to Lihuhu within thirty (30) business days.
JURISDICTION
By using the Services, you agree that the handling of your personal information and any communication through the Services will be governed by the laws of Singapore.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
Our security and Privacy Policy are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. This Privacy Policy might change as we update and expand the Services. We will endeavour to notify you of these changes by email/mobile application but will not be liable for any failure to do so. We also encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. If you do not understand any of the terms or conditions of any of our policies, you may inquire regarding the same via email at  admin@lihuhugames.com. Your continued use of the Services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
CONTACT US
If you have any concerns or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at admin@lihuhugames.com
APPENDIX A – ADVERTISING NETWORKS AND THEIR PARTNERS
For personalized advertisement experience, the advertising networks and their partners, some of which are listed below, would like your consent, unless they have another legal basis for processing, may collect or receive device information from our apps and other apps that include personal and non-personal information, such as advertising (or ad) identifiers, IP address, or other information regarding the delivery of advertisements and your interaction with them, inventory of installed apps and/or other tracking technologies to provide measurement services, personalization, ad selection, delivery, reporting, and optimize targeted ads. You can learn more about how each handles your data by accessing their respective privacy notices using the hyperlinks below.
Amazon Developer
Amazon Developer is an advertising service provided by Amazon, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://developer.amazon.com/support/legal/mobileads/terms-and-agreements
AdColony
AdColony is an advertising service provided by AdColony, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AppLovin
AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Corporation (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Facebook Audience Network
Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook, Inc. (US) that may collect or receive information from our apps and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Fyber
Fyber is an advertising service provided by Fyber Group. (Israel)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Google AdSense
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
AdMob by Google and their partners
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc. (US)
For more information on how AdMob uses the collected information, please visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
For more information on AdMob Partners, please visit:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
IronSource
IronSource is an advertising service provided by IronSource, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
MoPub and their partners
MoPub is provided by MoPub, Inc. (US)
For more information on what information MoPub collects and how it’s used, please read MoPub Privacy Policy:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
For more information on MoPub Partners, please visit:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/
You can opt-out from MoPub service by following the instructions on MoPub Opt-out page:
https://www.mopub.com/optout/
PubNative
PubNative is an advertising service provided by PubNative GmbH (Germany)
Privacy Policy:
https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
Smaato and their vendors
Smaato is an advertising service provided by Smaato, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
For more information on the Smaato Vendors, please visit:
https://advertisingconsent.eu/transparency-consent-framework-global-vendor-list/
Unity Ads
Unity Ads is an advertising service provided by Unity Ads Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
Vungle is provided by Vungle, Inc. (US)
You can opt-out from Vungle service by following the instructions as described by Vungle on their Privacy Policy page:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Liftoff
Liftoff is an advertising service provided by Liftoff, Inc. (US)
Privacy Policy:
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Ogury
Ogury is an advertising service provided by Ogury Ltd (England)
Privacy Policy: https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/
You can opt-out from Ogury service by following the instructions on Oury Opt-out page:
https://ogury.com/data-collection-opt-out/
BidMachine
BidMachine is an advertising service provided by BidMachine, Inc. (US)
You can opt-out from BidMachine service by following the instructions on page
Privacy Policy:
https://bidmachine.io/privacy-policy/
Inmobi
InMobi is an advertising service provided by InMobi Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)
Privacy Policy:
https://bidmachine.io/privacy-policy/
You can opt-out from InMobi service by following the instructions on page
https://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out
Pangle
Pangle is an advertising service provided by Bytedance Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
ad4game
Ad4Game is an advertising service provided by Ad4Game Ireland Limited (Ireland)
Privacy Policy:
https://ad4game.com/privacy/
APPENDIX B – ANALYTICS AND OTHER SERVICE PROVIDERS
We use your information to perform our own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties and other essential functions. We use analytical information for supporting business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development, improving the Services, personalizing content, providing advertising, and making recommendations. In order to learn about how your information is used by our analytics service providers, you can follow the hyperlinks in the list below to each provider’s privacy notice.
AWS
AWS is cloud computing services provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc. (US).
Privacy Policy:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
AppsFlyer
AppsFlyer is analytics service provided by AppsFlyer (Israel)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.appsflyer.com/ru/services-privacy-policy
Facebook Ads conversion
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. (US) that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Application.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc. (US)
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Cost Center
Cost Center is analytics service provided by ‍Extra Labs Pty Ltd (Australia)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.costcenter.net/privacy-policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 1
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com