Privacy Policy
Artisan Marble respect your right to privacy and comply with our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to outline how we deal with personal data.
Any links to other external websites are clearly identifiable as such, and Artisan Marble is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites. While we take care of the safety of information on our websites on an ongoing nature, if you are not happy with this Privacy Policy you should not use any of our websites.
We assure you that any identifiable data that you provide when using our websites or when engaging with us through any other means will be used only in accordance with this privacy policy.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect and further process two types of information:
PERSONAL DATA
This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you and may include your name, address, company name, email address, user IP address and telephone number. Such information is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to use and we use it to deliver Artisan Marble products, services and information to you.
Artisan Marble collects data as follows:
1. When you fill out a form on our site or subscribe to our newsletter and communications.
2. When you order a product from Artisan Marble, it is necessary for us to collect and process your data to complete the transaction.
3. We also have supplier contact details which will contain individual names.
4. In addition, Artisan Marble processes personal data of employees.
The Artisan Marble website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
All data volunteered by you is fairly obtained with your consent.
NON-PERSONAL DATA
Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our websites. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our websites.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE HOLD YOUR INFORMATION
PERSONAL DATA
We will process any Personal Data you provide to us for the following purposes:
1. to contact you if we are to respond to any communications from you
2. to confirm your identity
3. to process any orders from you, for example, product purchase, product delivery etc.
4. to provide you with e-newsletters for which you subscribe
5. to be used in statistical reporting regarding our web activities.
NON-PERSONAL DATA
We use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to our websites in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our websites.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
PERSONAL DATA
We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to our doing so and where the person/company are acting as our agent and are as such under a signed data privacy agreement in order to protect you and our visitors.
We will, however, disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
In the event of a sale, merger, receivership, liquidation we reserve the right to transfer all or largely all of our company’s assets, including your personal information, to a third party as long as the third party only uses your personal information for the purposes for which you provided it to us and only if the third party agrees to follow the terms of this Privacy Policy. You will be contacted in the event of any such transfer and given the option to withdraw your connection with the websites.
NON-PERSONAL DATA
We may provide Non-Personal Data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our websites. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our website, the demographic breakdown of our community users of our websites, or the activities that visitors to our websites engage in while on our websites.
SECURITY
Your Personal Data is held on secure servers which are hosted on Blacknight. We are committed to ensuring that your data is secure, however, the nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Any transmission of data is therefore at your own risk. Once we receive your data, we use appropriate technical, physical and organisational security measures, including firewalls and anti-virus protection to protect your personal data, from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to. We will continue to revise policies and implement additional security features as new technologies become available.
Credit card details for payments via telephone/email/fax will only be retained until payment for the order has been successfully completed.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to:
- Be informed about processing of your data – which this Privacy Policy does
- Access your personal data
- Object to personal data processing
- Have your data rectified if it is inaccurate
- Erase your data (in some circumstances)
- Have your data restricted or blocked from processing where appropriate
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us on: 01 882 9195
UPDATING, VERIFYING AND DELETING PERSONAL DATA
You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. To find out what Personal Data we hold on you, to request a copy of your personal data or to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, please contact us on 01 882 9195. Artisan Marble will comply with access requests within 30 calendar days (an extended period may be required based on the complexity of the request).
AMENDMENTS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our websites so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by e-mail, and you will have a choice as to whether we use your information in the new manner.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions regarding the above Privacy Policy, please contact us on:
01 882 9195