§ 1 Information on the collection of personal data
(1) In the following, we provide information about the collection of personal data when using our website. Personal data is all data that can be related to you personally, e.g. name, address, email addresses, user behaviour.
(2) The controller pursuant to Art. 4 (7) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is Liftric GmbH, Julius-Hatry-Straße 1, 68163 Mannheim, Germany, authorised representatives: Thorsten Knöller, Benjamin John (see our legal notice). You can contact our data protection officer at info@grewe-kanzlei.de or at our postal address with the addition "the data protection officer".
(3) When you contact us by e-mail or via a contact form, the data you provide (your e-mail address, your name and telephone number if applicable) will be stored by us in order to answer your questions. We delete the data arising in this context after storage is no longer necessary, or restrict processing if there are statutory retention obligations.
(4) If we use contracted service providers for individual functions of our offer or would like to use your data for advertising purposes, we will inform you in detail below about the respective processes. We will also state the specified criteria for the storage period.
§ 2 Your rights
(1) You have the following rights vis-à-vis us with regard to your personal data:
Right of access,
Right to rectification or erasure,
Right to restriction of processing,
Right to object to processing,
Right to data portability.
(2) You also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority about the processing of your personal data by us.
§ 3 Collection of personal data when visiting our website
(1) When using the website for information purposes only, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you wish to view our website, we collect the following data, which is technically necessary for us to display our website to you and to ensure stability and security (legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR):
IP address
Date and time of the enquiry
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request (specific page)
Access status/HTTP status code
Amount of data transferred in each case
Website from which the request originates
Browser
Operating system and its interface
Language and version of the browser software.
(2) In addition to the aforementioned data, cookies are stored on your computer when you use our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive assigned to the browser you are using and through which certain information flows to the body that sets the cookie (in this case, us). Cookies cannot execute programmes or transfer viruses to your computer. They serve to make the website more user-friendly and effective overall.
(3) Use of cookies:
a) This website uses the following types of cookies, the scope and function of which are explained below:
Transient cookies (see b)
Persistent cookies (see c).
b) Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser. These include session cookies in particular. These store a so-called session ID, with which various requests from your browser can be assigned to the joint session. This allows your computer to be recognised when you return to our website. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser.
c) Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser.
d) You can configure your browser settings according to your wishes and, for example, refuse to accept third-party cookies or all cookies. We would like to point out that you may not be able to use all functions of this website.
§ 4 Other functions and offers on our website
(1) In addition to the purely informational use of our website, we offer various services that you can use if you are interested. To do so, you must generally provide additional personal data that we use to provide the respective service and to which the aforementioned data processing principles apply.
(2) In some cases, we use external service providers to process your data. These have been carefully selected and commissioned by us, are bound by our instructions and are regularly monitored.
(3) Furthermore, we may pass on your personal data to third parties if we offer participation in promotions, competitions, contracts or similar services together with partners. You will receive more detailed information on this when you provide your personal data or in the description of the offer below.
(4) If our service providers or partners are based in a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we will inform you of the consequences of this circumstance in the description of the offer.
§ 5 Objection or revocation against the processing of your data
(1) If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can revoke it at any time. Such a revocation affects the permissibility of the processing of your personal data after you have given it to us.
(2) If we base the processing of your personal data on the balancing of interests, you can object to the processing. This is the case if, in particular, the processing is not necessary for the fulfilment of a contract with you, which is described by us in the following description of the functions. When exercising such an objection, we ask you to explain the reasons why we should not process your personal data as we have done. In the event of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and either discontinue or adapt the data processing or point out to you our compelling reasons worthy of protection on the basis of which we will continue the processing.
(3) Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for advertising and data analysis purposes at any time. You can inform us of your objection to advertising using the following contact details: Liftric GmbH, Julius-Hatry-Straße 1, 68163 Mannheim, info@liftric.com.