Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 2, 2024
Holofoil Interactive LLC ("Holofoil Interactive LLC", "Holofoil Interactive", "we", "us", "websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms") values your privacy and we prioritize protecting it. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms. By using our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
What information do we collect and how is it used?
While using our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("Personal Information").
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here
.
Additionally, we may partner with third-party advertising companies to tailor your experience using anonymized and encrypted processes. This is not data collection, nor is anything identifiable shared anywhere in the process. You may opt out of this anonymization and encryption process by signing in and opting out via the user menu.
Log Data
Like many website, app, email, and other products, services and platforms operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this.
Cookies
We use cookies to store information for your convenience ("Settings"). We also may use third party advertisements on our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can greatly affect how you are able to interact with our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms as well as most other websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Minors and children should not use our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms. By using our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, you represent that you have the legal capacity to enter into a binding agreement.
Our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms does not knowingly collect or store any Personal Information from children under thirteen (13) in the United States or under the relevant age threshold in other jurisdictions where the child is located. If you are under thirteen (13) years old in the United States, or under the relevant age threshold in the jurisdiction where you are located, you cannot use our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms without the permission of your parent or guardian.
We may collect technical information required for delivering the service and for the support of our internal operations from all users of our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms. If parents or guardians believe that we have unintentionally collected their children's other Personal Information or otherwise used their children's Personal Information, please contact us.
Users in the European Economic Area
Our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms only processes or transfers your Personal Information where we can rely on legal grounds and appropriate safeguards to do so. You also have additional rights regarding your Personal Information if you are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms takes commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your privacy rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your Personal Information may be transferred to and processed in various countries. Before we transfer your Personal Information to third parties based outside the EEA, we ensure either: (i) the use of European Commission approved contract clauses to protect your Personal Information; or (ii) we are only transferring your Personal Information to trusted countries that achieve the approved standards for Personal Data protection set forth by the European Commission. By using our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, you must consent to the international transfer procedures and guidelines set forth above, if you do not, please refrain from using our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms at this time.
For California Residents: CCPA Information
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained elsewhere in this Privacy Notice and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers located in the state of California with certain rights regarding their personal information and data. The following section describes those rights and explains how to exercise them:
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that the company disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (as described in the section "Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights"), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called data portability request)
If we sold or disclose your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
Sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased, and
Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level of quality of goods or services.
Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing us at mtgboxsim@gmail.com.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access of data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Information We Collect
Our websites, emails (with your consent, where required by law), and other products, services and platforms collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device ("personal information"). In particular, our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms may have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Collected
A. Identifiers
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
No
D. Commercial information.
Yes
E. Biometric information.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Yes
H. Sensory data.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
No
J. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Yes
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a newsletter or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we or our third-party service providers will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product or service orders and requests.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our websites, emails, and other products, services and platforms.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including investigating and addressing your concerns and monitoring and improving our responses.
To personalize your website, apps, emails, or other product, service or platform experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
The Company will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
The Company may disclose your personal information to a third-party for a business purpose or sell your personal information, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales (see ‘Sales of Personal Information' below). When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales (see ‘Sales of Personal Information' below).
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Subsidiaries and affiliates.
Contractors and service providers.
Data aggregators.
Third parties with whom we partner to offer products and services to you.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
[Category A: Identifiers.]
[Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.]
[Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.]
[Category G: Geolocation Data.]
[Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.]
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, the company has sold the following categories of personal information collected through our ad-supported services:
[Category A: Identifiers.]
[Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.]
[Category G: Geolocation Data.]
[Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.]
The company and our advertising partners collect the personal information identified above (such as the cookies stored on your browser, the advertising identifier on your mobile device, or the IP address of your device) when you visit our websites, apps, and other products, services and platforms, or open our emails. We, and our partners, use this information to tailor and deliver ads to you on our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, or to help tailor ads to you when you visit others' sites (or use others' apps). To tailor ads that may be more relevant to you, we and/or our partners may share the information we collect with third parties.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at mtgboxsim@gmail.com.
English
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Polski
Português
Limba română
You control your privacy
We and up to
951 vendors
process, store and/or access personal data from you and your device. This data can include your type of browser, settings, cookies, unique identifiers, IP address, and geo location. Your consent can be updated or withdrawn at any time by clicking the link in our privacy policy or footer.
We're requesting consent to offer:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Advertising and content can be personalised based on your profile. Your activity on this service can be used to build or improve a profile about you for personalised advertising and content. Advertising and content performance can be measured. Reports can be generated based on your activity and those of others. Your activity on this service can help develop and improve products and services.
Advanced Settings
Accept
Your consents are specific to this site & device.