Home
/
Privacy Statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT
----
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at sales@silca.cc or mailing us at:
SILCA
835 N Capitol Ave | Indianapolis IN 46204
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement here.
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
n
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
SECTION 10 - SMS/MMS MOBILE MESSAGING MARKETING PROGRAM
We respect your privacy. We will only use information you provide through the Program to transmit your mobile messages and respond to you, if necessary. This includes, but is not limited to, sharing information with platform providers, phone companies, and other vendors who assist us in the delivery of mobile messages.  WE DO NOT SELL, RENT, LOAN, TRADE, LEASE, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER FOR PROFIT ANY PHONE NUMBERS OR CUSTOMER INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THE PROGRAM TO ANY THIRD PARTY. Nonetheless, We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect Our rights or property. When you complete forms online or otherwise provide Us information in connection with the Program, you agree to provide accurate, complete, and true information. You agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. If, in Our sole discretion, We believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, or you have opted into the Program for an ulterior purpose, We may refuse you access to the Program and pursue any appropriate legal remedies.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Users of the Program that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of the information you provide through the Program to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please contact us at the following address:
SILCA
835 N Capitol Ave. Indianapolis, IN. 46201
sales@silca.cc
This Privacy Policy is strictly limited to the Program and has no effect on any other privacy policy(ies) that may govern the relationship between you and Us in other contexts.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at sales@silca.cc or by mail at
SILCA
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
[835 N Capitol Ave. Indianapolis, IN. 46201]
----
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://silca.cc/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Skip to content
Shop Lube
Wax Lube
Chain Waxing System
Secret Chain Blend
Super Secret Chain Lube
Pre-Waxed Race Chain
All
Oil Lubricants
Synergetic
Synerg-e
Anti-Seize
All
Clean
Wax Prep
Bike Wash
Drivetrain Clean
Gear Wipes
All
Sealant
Ultimate Tubeless Sealant
Replenisher Injectors
Valve Core Replacements
All
Pumps & Tools
Floor Pumps
SuperPista Ultimate
SuperPista Digital
Terra
Pista
All
Mobile Inflation
Tattico
Gravelero
EOLO IV CO2 Regulator
Impero Frame Pump
All
Tools
HX-One
T-Ratchet + Ti Torque Kit
Multi-Tools
Hirobel Frame Clamp
All
Service Parts/Chucks
Chucks
Gaskets
Gauges
Rebuild Kits
All
On-Bike
Bar Tape
Cuscino 3.75
Cuscino 2.5
Piloti 1.85
Nastro Aero
All
Bottle Cages
Sicuro Titanium
Sicuro Titanium Colors
Titanium Bolts
Water Bottles
All
Packs
Mattone Seat Pack
Mattone Grande
Grinta Handlebar
Grinta Adventure
All
3D Printed Titanium
Cleats
Computer Mounts
Derailleur Hangers
All
Apparel
Apparel
Aero Socks
Gravel Wool Socks
Accessories
All
SILCA Steals
Dealer Login
Dealer Locator
Contact
Tire Pressure Calculator
Track Order
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Pause slideshow
Play slideshow
FREE US Shipping
Orders over $125
FREE AUS Shipping
Orders over $199
FREE Europe SHIPPING
Orders over €150
Dealer Login
Dealer Locator
Contact
Tire Pressure Calculator
Track Order
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Currency
USD $
AUD $
CAD $
EUR €
GBP £
USD $
Privacy policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
----
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at sales@silca.cc or mailing us at:
SILCA
4531 N Meridian St Indianapolis Indiana US 46208
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement here.
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
n
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at sales@silca.cc or by mail at
SILCA
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
[4531 N Meridian St Indianapolis Indiana US 46208
----
Text Marketing & Notifications
We value your privacy and the information you consent to share in relation to our SMS marketing service. We use this information to send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned checkout reminders), text marketing offers, and transactional texts, including requests for reviews from us.
Our website uses cookies to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, including when you have abandoned your checkout. This information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via SMS.
"Close (esc)"
PickyStory logo
Sign Up For 10% Off Your First Order
And local shipping from Northampton, UK.  FREE Shipping on all orders over £125.  Be the first to find out about new products, sales, and all the latest from SILCA.
SIGN UP
Sign Up For 10% Off Your First Order
And local shipping from Toronto, Canada.  FREE Shipping on all orders over $150.  Be the first to find out about new products, sales, and all the latest from SILCA.
SIGN UP
Sign Up For 10% Off Your First Order
And local shipping from Brisbane, Australia.  FREE Shipping on all orders over $195.  Be the first to find out about new products, sales, and all the latest from SILCA.
SIGN UP
Sign Up For 10% Off Your First Order
Plus fast shipping from The UK.  FREE Shipping on all orders over €150.  Be the first to find out about new products, sales, and all the latest from SILCA.
SIGN UP
Sign Up For 10% Off Your First Order
And local shipping from The Netherlands.  FREE Shipping on all orders over €150.  Be the first to find out about new products, sales, and all the latest from SILCA.
SIGN UP
Sign Up For 10% Off Your First Order
Be the first to find out about new products, sales, and all the latest from SILCA.
SIGN UP
Sign Up For 10% Off Your First Order
And FREE Shipping on all orders over $125.  Be the first to find out about new products, sales, and all the latest from SILCA.
SIGN UP
Ireland
Close
Select your country
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, St.Eustatius & Saba
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Virgin Islands (British)
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Island, Spain
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China, People's Republic of
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Timor-Leste
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands (Denmark)
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland (Denmark)
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Ghana
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, The Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Lithuania
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova
Micronesia, Federated States of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru, Republic Of
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue Island
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Palau
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Barthelemy
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Martin
St. Vincent
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
French Polynesia (Tahiti)
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Vatican City
Samoa
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
We do not currently ship to this country.
Powered by
Country/region
Afghanistan (USD $)
Åland Islands (EUR €)
Albania (EUR €)
Algeria (USD $)
Andorra (EUR €)
Anguilla (USD $)
Antigua & Barbuda (USD $)
Argentina (USD $)
Armenia (EUR €)
Aruba (USD $)
Australia (AUD $)
Austria (EUR €)
Bahrain (USD $)
Bangladesh (USD $)
Barbados (USD $)
Belarus (EUR €)
Belgium (EUR €)
Belize (USD $)
Benin (USD $)
Bhutan (USD $)
Bosnia & Herzegovina (EUR €)
Bouvet Island (USD $)
Brazil (USD $)
British Indian Ocean Territory (USD $)
British Virgin Islands (USD $)
Brunei (USD $)
Bulgaria (EUR €)
Burkina Faso (USD $)
Burundi (USD $)
Canada (CAD $)
Cape Verde (USD $)
Central African Republic (USD $)
Chile (USD $)
China (USD $)
Christmas Island (USD $)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (USD $)
Colombia (USD $)
Comoros (USD $)
Costa Rica (USD $)
Côte d’Ivoire (USD $)
Croatia (EUR €)
Cyprus (EUR €)
Czechia (EUR €)
Denmark (EUR €)
Djibouti (USD $)
Egypt (USD $)
El Salvador (USD $)
Equatorial Guinea (USD $)
Eritrea (USD $)
Estonia (EUR €)
Eswatini (USD $)
Ethiopia (USD $)
Falkland Islands (USD $)
Faroe Islands (EUR €)
Finland (EUR €)
France (EUR €)
Gabon (USD $)
Georgia (EUR €)
Germany (EUR €)
Ghana (USD $)
Gibraltar (EUR €)
Greece (EUR €)
Greenland (EUR €)
Grenada (USD $)
Guadeloupe (EUR €)
Guatemala (USD $)
Guernsey (EUR €)
Guinea (USD $)
Hong Kong SAR (USD $)
Hungary (EUR €)
Iceland (EUR €)
India (USD $)
Indonesia (USD $)
Iraq (USD $)
Ireland (EUR €)
Isle of Man (EUR €)
Israel (USD $)
Italy (EUR €)
Jamaica (USD $)
Japan (USD $)
Jersey (EUR €)
Kazakhstan (USD $)
Kenya (USD $)
Kosovo (EUR €)
Kuwait (USD $)
Latvia (EUR €)
Lebanon (USD $)
Liechtenstein (EUR €)
Lithuania (EUR €)
Luxembourg (EUR €)
Macao SAR (USD $)
Malaysia (USD $)
Maldives (USD $)
Mali (USD $)
Malta (EUR €)
Mexico (USD $)
Moldova (EUR €)
Monaco (EUR €)
Montenegro (EUR €)
Montserrat (USD $)
Morocco (USD $)
Mozambique (USD $)
Namibia (USD $)
Nauru (USD $)
Nepal (USD $)
Netherlands (EUR €)
Netherlands Antilles (USD $)
New Caledonia (USD $)
New Zealand (AUD $)
Nicaragua (USD $)
Niger (USD $)
Nigeria (USD $)
Niue (USD $)
Norfolk Island (USD $)
North Macedonia (EUR €)
Norway (EUR €)
Oman (USD $)
Pakistan (USD $)
Palestinian Territories (USD $)
Paraguay (USD $)
Peru (USD $)
Philippines (USD $)
Pitcairn Islands (USD $)
Poland (EUR €)
Portugal (EUR €)
Qatar (USD $)
Réunion (EUR €)
Romania (EUR €)
Russia (USD $)
Samoa (USD $)
San Marino (EUR €)
São Tomé & Príncipe (USD $)
Saudi Arabia (USD $)
Senegal (USD $)
Serbia (EUR €)
Singapore (USD $)
Slovakia (EUR €)
Slovenia (EUR €)
Somalia (USD $)
South Africa (USD $)
South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands (USD $)
South Korea (USD $)
Spain (EUR €)
St. Helena (USD $)
St. Kitts & Nevis (USD $)
St. Lucia (USD $)
St. Vincent & Grenadines (USD $)
Suriname (USD $)
Svalbard & Jan Mayen (EUR €)
Sweden (EUR €)
Switzerland (EUR €)
Taiwan (USD $)
Thailand (USD $)
Togo (USD $)
Tokelau (USD $)
Trinidad & Tobago (USD $)
Tunisia (USD $)
Türkiye (EUR €)
Tuvalu (USD $)
U.S. Outlying Islands (USD $)
Ukraine (EUR €)
United Arab Emirates (USD $)
United Kingdom (GBP £)
United States (USD $)
Uruguay (USD $)
Vatican City (EUR €)
Vietnam (USD $)
Wallis & Futuna (USD $)
Western Sahara (USD $)
Zambia (USD $)