New Dawn Pubs (NDPC Ltd) and the pubs trading under this name, are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy sets out how New Dawn Pubs uses and protects any information that you provide when using this website.
Outline
At New Dawn Pubs, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers by ensuring that your privacy is both protected and respected.  This privacy policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we may collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. We will never ever sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission, or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.  Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 the data controller is
New Dawn Pubs, 5 Castle Street, Farnham, Surrey GU9 7HR.
New Dawn Pubs may change its privacy policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy was last updated on 1.6.22
Marketing consent
When providing your details via any channel, you are given the option to opt-in to receive news via email. By ticking this option, you are giving your consent to be contacted by New Dawn Pubs Ltd and the pubs within the group that you visit.
Should you wish to unsubscribe, you can do this at any time via the link in the footer of the newsletters which will unsubscribe you from all mailing lists. Alternatively, contact
info@newdawnpubs.co.uk
to manage your subscriptions and choose which venues you wish to hear from.
We may collect the following information:
Your name
Your contact details including your postal address, email address, telephone number
Demographic information such as your DOB and gender
Your marketing and communication preferences
How we collect your information
This information may be collected via one (or more) of the following methods, although not limited to:
Loyalty club
Pub newsletter subscription
Guest WiFi login
Feedback / Comment Cards
Registration Form (accommodation stays)
Workshop attendee forms
Table reservations
Bedroom reservations
Gift voucher orders
Mailing Lists | Feedback Forms | Workshop Attendee Forms
As part of the registration process for you to receive newsletters from us, we collect your personal information. We use this information to tell you about the services you have asked us to keep you informed about, to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information, to inform you if you have won a prize and to check our records are correct and up-to-date. We will never ever share, sell, lease or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider,
Airship,
to deliver our marketing newsletters.  We may gather statistics relating to email open-rates and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our communications, this information however is not personally identifiable. For more information, please see Airship's privacy notice by
clicking here
.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@newdawnpubs.co.uk
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent loss, unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable and appropriate technical, physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.  This is achieved by keeping your personal data up-to-date; storing and destroying personal data securely and not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of personal data.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information on occasions to conform with legal requirements, but also to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, however in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Measure customer satisfaction
To improve our products and services
To periodically send relevant marketing and promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information.
Disclosure of your information
We will not share, sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Links to third-party websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Where we store your personal data
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers located in the European Economic Area (EAA).  Our security measures include encryption of data and security controls that protect our systems from external attack and unauthorised access.
Dining Reservations
We use a third-party provider,
Collins
, to setup, operate and deliver our table bookings. For more information, please see Collins’s privacy notice
here
.
Bedroom Reservations
We use third-party providers,
HLS
, to set up, operate and deliver our accommodation bookings. For more information, please see HLS’s privacy notice
here
.
Online Gift Voucher orders
We use a third-party provider,
Toggle
, to setup, operate and deliver our online gift voucher orders.  For more information relating to their security measures, please see Toggle’s privacy notice
here
.
Loyalty Club
Our Loyalty Club is run by Zonal (iZone) who manage our mobile app and membership scheme. Please see Zonal's privacy notice,
here.
How we use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
The cookies that are used on this site are as follows:
Cookies used by New Dawn Pubs
Name
Purpose
Expires
Session
A cookie set by the site to aid with site functionality – harmless
Expires on exit
Third Party Cookies used by New Dawn Pubs
Provider
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Contact us
You may request details of personal information that we hold about you by submitting a Subject Access Request by email to
info@newdawnpubs.co.uk
or in writing to New Dawn Pubs at our registered address, 5 Castle Street, Farnham, Surrey GU9 7HR. All Subject Access Requests will be dealt with as quickly as possible and within one month of receipt.