TERMS OF SERVICE
1. GENERAL
These terms and conditions including the
privacy policy
(altogether, the
        "Terms") constitute a legally binding agreement between you, as a user of
        the Service (as defined below) ("you") and Clever Apps Pte. Ltd., the provider of
        the Service ("we" or "us" or "Clever Apps").
By loading, installing, accessing and using our games, applications, content,
        activities, and services (the "Service") which are made available through third party
        social networking websites, such as Facebook, and/or by application stores, such as Google Play or Apple AppStore, and/or directly by us, you confirm that
        you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree
        with these Terms, you are prohibited from accessing and using the Service.
You must be 13 years or older in order to use the Service. If you are
        between 13 and 18 you must seek permission of a parent or legal guardian before using
        the Service. Parents and legal guardians warrant and represent that they have
        reviewed and agreed to these Terms.
2. INFORMATION ABOUT US
We are Clever Apps Pte. Ltd., a company registered in Singapore under
        registration number 201706967K. Our registered address is 8 Marina Boulevard #11-00
        Marina Bay Financial Centre
        Singapore
        018981.
If you have any questions, complaints or comments on this Service then please
        contact us at vtbelo+support@gmail.com.
3. PAYMENT AND CREDITS
Depending on  the Service you use you may be given tokens to play (without
        charge) in order to be able to participate ("free credits") or you may
        otherwise be permitted to play for free. Where applicable, a certain number of free
        credits may be made available to each user (depending on the Service to be used) on a
        daily basis. We may also award free credits or permit you to use a Service without
        charge in connection with promotions and as part of any game. We will clarify to you
        where in certain games it is not possible to roll over free credits from one day to
        the next (although this may be subject to change, at our discretion), but you may
        roll over paid credits in this way (see below).
The Service is free to use until you (i) use up your allocation of free credits;
        (ii) wish to use additional features or functionality or access different levels of
        the Service, in which case you may be required to purchase additional credits; or
        (iii) you are otherwise notified that payment is required in order to participate or
        access different levels of a Service.  Credits which you purchase are referred
        to as "paid credits" in these Terms and free credits and paid credits are
        together referred to as "credits".
You may be able to purchase or otherwise acquire a single form of credit for use
        across all of our Services ("coins", "gold" etc). Coins may be changed into Service
        specific (or "in-game") credits. However, once a user changes coins for
        Service specific credits, those credits cannot be changed back into coins for use in
        other Services.
When you purchase paid credits or otherwise pay to participate you are
        responsible for paying all fees and charges including any applicable taxes associated
        with such purchases and payments. Unless otherwise stated, you may only purchase paid
        credits or pay to participate using a valid PayPal account, or any other payment
        method approved by us. By paying to participate, purchasing or otherwise acquiring
        credits as set out above, you obtain a limited license to access and select from
        content that we expressly make available as part of the Service.
Credits, coins and any prizes, awards and achievements ("Prizes") made
        available in using the Service are notional credits and Prizes and have no monetary
        value. Prizes cannot be redeemed or exchanged for cash, property or other items.
        Credits, coins and payments to participate may only be redeemed for service content
        or Services provided by us. This is the case whether or not you have paid to
        participate or purchased paid credits in order to use the Service. Credits cannot be
        withdrawn, sold or transferred. Payments made in order to participate, coins and paid
        credits are non-refundable. You are not entitled to a refund for any unused payments,
        coins or credits, including in the event of closed and cancelled accounts.
4. USER CONTENT RULE
We may invite you to participate in blogs, message boards, online forums and
        other functionality through which you will be able to communicate with other users of
        the Service ("Communication Services") by submitting various material for
        public display, in particular (without limitation) comments and messages ("User
        Content").
We reserve the right to review and keep a record of all User Content. We are not
        under any obligation to display User Content. As a condition of your use of any
        Communication Services, you agree to adhere to the following rules:
You agree that you will not submit any User Content, email, transmit or otherwise
            disseminate any material which is:
defamatory, obscene, vulgar or indecent; or
may have the effect of being harassing, threatening, abusive or hateful; or
that otherwise discriminates against, degrades or intimidates an individual or
                group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race,
                ethnicity, age or disability;
which breaches the rights of others (including copyright and other intellectual
                property rights); or
would otherwise cause you to breach of these Terms.
You shall not submit User Content containing statements that advertise, promote
            or otherwise relate to any other online sites or ventures, discuss illegal activities
            or post personal details.
You shall not submit User Content containing or in order to make statements about
            Us or any internet site connected to the Clever Apps Pte. Ltd. (as defined in our
Privacy Policy
) that are untrue and/or
            malicious and/or damaging to the Us or any member of the Clever Apps Pte. Ltd..
We reserve the right to monitor or moderate User Content to check whether it
        complies with these Terms. You may report a user's behaviour using the reporting
        function provided as part of the Service (if any) or any reporting function provided
        on the social network website you are using to access the Service. However, we are
        under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate User Content or any Communication
        Service we provide. We recommend that you use the "mute" feature of a
        Communication Service or turn off any Communication Service (where these options are
        made available to you) to stop any unwanted User Content.
We may remove or refuse to display your User Content if it causes you to breach
        these Terms including any of your promises as set out in this
        paragraph 4 or for any other reason in our reasonable discretion.
We expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the
        publication of any User Content or the use of any Communication Service by you in
        contravention of these Terms, whether the Service is moderated or not.
5. LICENCE OF USER CONTENT
You grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free,
        perpetual licence (with rights to sublicense on identical terms and in multiple
        tiers) to use, exploit, adapt, perform, display, reproduce, communicate to the public
        and distribute the User Content through any media now or in future known, which
        includes the right to display the User Content on and in connection with the Service,
        the right to display the User Content on any other website or other domain accessible
        via any internet-enabled device, the right to display the User Content in marketing
        material in relation to the Service and the right to include the User Content in a
        book or other publication.
You waive in perpetuity in respect of the User Content the benefits of any
        provision of law known as moral rights or any similar law in any country (moral
        rights are certain rights that the owner of a copyright work has in relation to how
        that work is used).
You promise to us that you own the User Content and have
        the right to grant the licence set out in paragraph 5.1 above and that the User
        Content does not infringe the rights of any third party.
You promise that any User Content submitted by you does not cause you to breach
        these Terms including, in particular (without limitation) the promise made by you at
        paragraph 5.3.
6. RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF SERVICE
By using the Service (including the Communication Services), you agree that:
you will comply with all applicable local laws, regulations and rules in the
            country in which you reside when using the Service;
you will not use the Service for any purpose other than your personal use;
you will not use the Service in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent or may
            lead to the encouragement, procurement or carrying out of any criminal activity;
you will not use the Service in order to distribute unsolicited communications
            including 'spam' email or other material in non compliance with these Terms;
You will not transfer to, or use the Service for the purpose of transferring,
            files that contain viruses, trojans or other harmful programs or otherwise use the
            Service in any way that may damage or disrupt another's computer; or access or
            attempt to access the accounts of other users or to penetrate or attempt to penetrate
            the Service's security measures.
If we determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, that you have breached, or
        reasonably believe that you will breach these Terms, we may:
immediately withdraw your right (on a temporary or permanent basis) to use the
            Service;
immediately (on a temporary or permanent basis) remove any User Content posted or
            uploaded by you;
issue of a warning to you;
issue legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an
            indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal
            costs) resulting from the breach;
take further legal action against you; and/or
disclose such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is
            necessary.
7. TRADE MARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Your use of the Service and its contents grants no rights to you in relation to
        our intellectual property rights (including, amongst other things, any copyright,
        trade marks and other rights in relation to the code, software, logos, designs,
        images, photographs, animations, videos and text in or on the Service) ("Intellectual
        Property Rights") or the rights of third parties in the Service or its contents.
You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post,
        broadcast, record, transmit, commercially exploit, edit, communicate to the public or
        distribute in any way the services, web pages or materials on the Service or the
        computer code of elements comprising the Service, other than for your own personal
        use. Subject to the foregoing, you may download insubstantial excerpts of this
        content to your hard disk for the purpose of viewing it provided that no more than
        one copy of any information is made.
Any use other than that permitted under this paragraph 7.2may only be undertaken
        with our prior express authorisation in writing.
8. LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITES
We may provide links to third party websites via the Service or permit third
        party advertisers to display advertisements as part of the Service. Links are
        provided for your ease of reference and convenience only.
We do not control third party websites or third party advertisements and are not
        responsible for their contents. Our inclusion of links and advertisements does not
        imply any endorsement of the material contained in such websites or advertisements or
        any association with their operators.
You should read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party
        websites or applications accessed via links or advertisements displayed via the
        Service.
9. OUR LEGAL OBLIGATIONS AND LIMITS ON LIABILITY
Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit our
        liability for:
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or
death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or the negligence by us,
            our employees or agents;
or any other matter which cannot be excluded or limited by law.
Subject to paragraph 9.1 and to the extent permitted by law, we, other members of
        our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly
        exclude:
all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by
            statute, common law or the law of equity.
any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred
            by you in connection with the Service (including any materials posted on it)
            including:
any loss or damage to your computer system;
loss of data;
loss of income or revenue;
loss of business; or
loss of profits or contracts
whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise,
            even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss
            of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss
            that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
We cannot guarantee that any files that you download are free from viruses,
        contamination or destructive features.
Whilst we use all reasonable endeavours to correct any errors or omissions as
        soon as practicable once they have been brought to our attention, we do not promise
        that any information provided as part of the Service itself will be free from errors
        or omissions.
While every effort is made to reliably provide the Service, outages and
        unexpected downtime will occur. We do not make any guarantee of uninterrupted
        service. In particular, lost credits, coins and tickets may occur from time to time.
        Access to the Service may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of
        system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons reasonably beyond our control
        (including outages or software errors that result from actions taken by social
        networking websites).
The material displayed through our Service is provided without any guarantees,
        conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Commentary and other materials posted as
        part of the Service are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be
        placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any
        reliance placed on such materials by any user of the Service, or by anyone who may be
        informed of any of its contents.
We reserve the right to discontinue, withdraw, terminate or modify the Service or
        any part of the Service at any time with or without notice or further liability to
        you.
10. INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold us and any member of the Clever Apps Pte. Ltd. harmless
        from any claims, proceedings, actions or demands including reasonable legal fees made
        by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms or your
        violation of the rights of another. You agree that the provisions in this paragraph
        will survive any termination of your access to the Service.
11. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
The Singapore courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from,
        or related to, your use of the Service.
These Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or
        their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims)
        shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Singapore.
12. SEVERANCE
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of these Terms (or
        part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or
        part-provision shall, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the
        validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this agreement shall not be
        affected.
If any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision of this
        agreement would be valid, enforceable and legal if some part of it were deleted, the
        provision shall apply with the minimum modification necessary to make it legal, valid
        and enforceable.
13. TERMS AND AMENDMENT
These Terms shall be valid from the first time that you become a user of the
        Service until such time as you cease being a user or until such time as we may amend
        them at which time the amended Terms shall apply. We reserve the right to change
        these Terms at any time. Such changes shall have effect immediately upon publication
        on the Service and you agree to be bound by them and to regularly review these terms
        for the purposes of monitoring such changes. Your continued use of the Services shall
        be deemed irrevocable acceptance of those revisions. If you don't agree to the
        changes, you should stop using the Service. These Terms were last updated on 11 April
        2017, (Version 1.0). We recommend that you print out a copy of these Terms.
14. APPLE APPLICATION STORE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The following additional terms and conditions apply to you if you are using an App from the Apple Application Store. To the extent the other terms and conditions of this Agreement are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of this Section 10, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this Section 10 apply, but solely with respect to Apps from the Apple Application Store.
Acknowledgement: Clever Apps and you acknowledge that this Agreement is concluded between Clever Apps and you only, and not with Apple, and Clever Apps, not Apple, is solely responsible for App and the content thereof. To the extent this Agreement provides for usage rules for App that are less restrictive than the Usage Rules set forth for App in, or otherwise is in conflict with, the Application Store Terms of Service, the more restrictive or conflicting Apple term applies.
Scope of License: The license granted to you for App is limited to a non-transferable license to use App on an iOS Product that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Application Store Terms of Service.
Maintenance and Support: Clever Apps is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to App, as specified in this Agreement (if any), or as required under applicable law. Clever Apps and you acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to App.
Warranty: Clever Apps is solely responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, to the extent not effectively disclaimed. In the event of any failure of App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple may refund the purchase price for App to you; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to App, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be Clever Apps’s sole responsibility.
Product Claims: Clever Apps and you acknowledge that Clever Apps, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to App or your possession and/or use of App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. This Agreement does not limit Clever Apps’s liability to you beyond what is permitted by applicable law.
Intellectual Property Rights: Clever Apps and you acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that App or your possession and use of App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Clever Apps, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
Legal Compliance: You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Developer Name and Address: Clever Apps’s contact information for any end-user questions, complaints or claims with respect to App is provided above.
Third Party Terms of Agreement: You must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using App.
Third Party Beneficiary: Clever Apps and you acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
15. APPLE SUBSCRIPTIONS TERMS
A subscription is valid for 1 week or 1 month, depending on the subscription type selected.
Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account upon confirmation of purchase.
Your subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
Your account will be charged for renewal at the price listed within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
Subscriptions may be managed and auto-renewal my be turned off via Settings > iTunes & App Stores > Apple ID > View Apple ID > Subscriptions.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://cleverappssg.com/legal/privacy.html:
PRIVACY POLICY
1. GENERAL
Clever Apps Pte. Ltd. ("we" or "us"), of 8 Marina Boulevard #11-00
 Marina Bay Financial Centre Singapore is a data controller.
 We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy
 (together with our
terms of service
) sets
 out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or you provide
 to us, will be processed by us. By using our games and applications ("Games"), you consent to the collection
 and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. The policy
 may be amended from time to time. You should visit this page periodically to
 review any changes to the Privacy Policy.
Since the Games are only served through social network websites or mobile application stores, it
 is your responsibility to read and accept their terms and conditions, as well as
 their privacy policy prior to continuing.
2. WHAT DATA WE ARE COLLECTING
We record information regarding the use of the Games, e.g. access time.
Information relating to profile of users of the Games on social networking websites, e.g. player name.
Other information, like browser name and version and device information.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
3. THE PURPOSE WE ARE COLLECTING PERSONAL DATA
Provide and operate Games.
Improve our Games and keep them secure.
Personalize Games.
Promotional activities, including marketing and advertising.
Comply with Clever Apps Pte Ltd's legal obligations.
Prevent and/or detect fraud or fraudulent behavior.
4. REQUEST DATA DELETION
Clever Apps Pte Ltd stores Personal Data of users of the Games
  for as long as users continue to use the Games. Clever Apps Pte Ltd will delete the Personal
  Data of a user if there is no ongoing legitimate business need to process data or after
  receiving the corresponding request from a user of the Games  via the email address
help.cleverapps+privacy@gmail.com
within a reasonable time.
Alternatively, players could send their requests through our internal CRM system (located in every game via Settings -> Support).
5. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell or give your personally identifiable information to
 others except as provided in this privacy policy.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group,
 which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may
  disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or
  assets;
if Clever Apps Pte. Ltd., any of its Gamess, or substantially all of its assets are
  acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its users or
  customers may be one of the assets transferred to that third party. In such
  circumstances we may retain the right to continue to provide marketing communications
  relating to other Gamess provided by us to you;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply
  with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our
Terms
and other agreements; or to protect the
  rights, property, or safety of Clever Apps Pte. Ltd., members of the Clever Apps, our
  users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and
  organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
As the Games operates within social networking websites, the
 Games may share information about you with others in the same social networking
 site who are using the Games as may be necessary to operate the Games.
By continuing to use the Games, you expressly consent to this
 Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, your consent to use and disclose your
 personally information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. If you object
 to your information being used in this way, you should not otherwise use the Games.
 This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms..
6. STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored
 at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be
 processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our
 suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the processing of your
 payment details and the provision of support Gamess. By submitting your personal
 data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps
 reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance
 with this privacy policy.
7. COOKIES
We may store information about you using cookies (files which are
 sent by us to your computer or other access device) which we can access when you use
 our Games in the future. We do this to learn about repeat visitors and to find out
 if we are delivering quality products and Gamess therefore improving our Games
 further. During your use of the Gamess, third party advertisers or other Games
 providers may also place cookies on your computer, over which we have no control.
 Please check their privacy policies for details of how they use the data they collect
 in this way.
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer,
 please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file
 or directory that stores cookies.
Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at
www.AboutCookies.org
. Please note that by
 deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access
 certain areas or features of our Games.
8. GOOGLE ANALYTICS ADVERTISING FEATURES
We have implemented the following Google Analytics Advertising Features: services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and identifiers.
We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the Google advertising cookies) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
You can opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features we use by indicating your preference using the interest-based opt-out link here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. Additionally, you can opt-out through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means.
For more information on how Google processes and collects your information and how you can opt-out, please see the following links: https://policies.google.com/privacy and https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
9. CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are
 welcomed and should be addressed to
help.cleverapps+privacy@gmail.com
.