سياسة الخصوصية
تلتزم شركة ترولي للتجارة العامة ذ.م.م ("نحن" أو
"ترولي") بحماية خصوصية جميع زوار موقعنا الإلكتروني
www.trolley.com.kw
وجميع الزوار الذين يصلون إلى موقعنا الإلكتروني أو
خدماتنا من خلال أي تطبيق جوال (يُشار إليهما معًا باسم "الموقع الإلكتروني")
.
يرجى
قراءة سياسة الخصوصية التالية التي تشرح كيفية استخدامنا وحماية معلوماتك
.
من
خلال زيارة و/أو طلب الخدمات على هذا الموقع الإلكتروني، فإنك توافق، وعند
الاقتضاء، توافق على جمع معلوماتك واستخدامها ونقلها على النحو المنصوص عليه في
هذه السياسة
.
عندما
تزور موقعنا الإلكتروني، يرسل خادمنا إلى جهاز الكمبيوتر الخاص بك "ملف تعريف
ارتباط". ملف تعريف الارتباط هذا عبارة عن حزمة صغيرة من المعلومات التي
تحددك كمستخدم لنظامنا. توفر لك ملفات تعريف الارتباط الوقت من خلال الاحتفاظ
بمعلومات الاتصال الخاصة بك. لا تنقل ملفات تعريف الارتباط الفيروسات، ولا يمكن
قراءتها إلا بواسطة الخادم الذي أرسل لك ملف تعريف الارتباط. لديك القدرة على قبول
ملفات تعريف الارتباط أو رفضها عن طريق تعديل الإعدادات في متصفحك. ومع ذلك، يرجى
مراعاة أنه قد لا تتمكن من استخدام جميع ميزات موقعنا الإلكتروني إذا تم تعطيل
ملفات تعريف الارتباط
.
ا
لمعلومات
التي نجمعها
عند زيارتك
للموقع الإلكتروني أو إجراء طلب من
ترولي
عبر
الموقع الإلكتروني، قد يُطلب منك تقديم معلومات عن نفسك بما في ذلك اسمك وتفاصيل
الاتصال ومعلومات الدفع مثل معلومات بطاقة الائتمان أو الخصم
.
قد نجمع أيضًا معلومات
حول استخدامك للموقع الإلكتروني ومعلومات عنك من الرسائل التي تنشرها على الموقع
الإلكتروني ورسائل البريد الإلكتروني أو الخطابات التي ترسلها إلينا
.
من
خلال الوصول إلى معلومات
ترولي
و/أو
خدماتها باستخدام طرق رقمية متنقلة مثل (على سبيل المثال لا الحصر) الهاتف المحمول
أو الجهاز اللوحي أو الأجهزة/التكنولوجيا الأخرى بما في ذلك تطبيقات الهاتف
المحمول، فيجب أن تتوقع أن جمع البيانات واستخدامها من قِبل
ترولي
كما
هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية هذه سوف ينطبق في هذا السياق أيضًا
.
قد
نجمع معلومات فنية من جهازك المحمول أو استخدامك لخدماتنا من خلال جهاز محمول، على
سبيل المثال، بيانات الموقع وبعض خصائص الجهاز وبيانات الأداء الخاصة بجهازك وشركة
الاتصالات/نظام التشغيل بما في ذلك نوع الجهاز والاتصال وعنوان
IP
وطرق
الدفع عبر الهاتف المحمول والتفاعل مع تكنولوجيا البيع بالتجزئة الأخرى مثل
استخدام علامات
NFC
أو رموز
QR
أو استخدام قسائم الهاتف
المحمول
.
ما
لم تختر البقاء مجهول الهوية من خلال إعدادات جهازك و/أو النظام الأساسي، فقد نقوم
بجمع هذه المعلومات واستخدامها تلقائيًا إذا كنت تستخدم الخدمة من خلال جهازك
المحمول عبر أي تطبيق
ترولي
للجوال،
أو من خلال متصفح هاتفك المحمول أو غير ذلك
.
استخدام معلوماتك
ستمكننا
معلوماتك من تزويدك بإمكانية الوصول إلى الأجزاء ذات الصلة من الموقع الإلكتروني
وتقديم الخدمات التي طلبتها
.
كما ستمكننا من إرسال
الفواتير إليك والتواصل معك عند الضرورة فيما يتعلق بخدماتنا
.
كما سنستخدم ونحلل
المعلومات التي نجمعها حتى نتمكن من إدارة ودعم وتحسين وتطوير أعمالنا، لأي غرض
آخر سواء إحصائي أو تحليلي ولمساعدتنا في منع الاحتيال
.
عندما يكون ذلك مناسبًا،
الآن وفي المستقبل، قد تكون لديك القدرة على التعبير عن تفضيلاتك حول استخدام
بياناتك كما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية هذه ويمكن ممارسة ذلك من خلال الطريقة التي
اخترتها لاستخدام خدماتنا، على سبيل المثال الهاتف المحمول أو التطبيقات المحمولة
أو أي تمثيل لموقعنا الإلكتروني
.
قد نستخدم معلوماتك
للاتصال بك لمعرفة آرائك حول خدماتنا ولإعلامك من حين لآخر بالتغييرات أو التطورات
المهمة في الموقع الإلكتروني أو خدماتنا
.
عندما تشير إلى ذلك، فإنك
توافق على أنه يجوز لنا استخدام معلوماتك لإعلامك بمنتجاتنا وخدماتنا الأخرى التي
قد تهمك بما في ذلك الخدمات التي قد تكون موضوعًا للتسويق المباشر وقد نتواصل معك
للقيام بذلك عن طريق البريد أو الهاتف أو الرسائل المحمولة (مثل الرسائل القصيرة
والرسائل المتعددة الوسائط وما إلى ذلك) وكذلك عن طريق البريد الإلكتروني
.
عندما
تشير إلى ذلك، فإنك توافق على أنه يجوز لنا أيضًا مشاركة المعلومات مع أطراف ثالثة
(بما في ذلك تلك الموجودة في قطاعات الأغذية والمشروبات والترفيه والتسويق
والإعلان) لاستخدام معلوماتك من أجل إعلامك بالسلع والخدمات التي قد تهمك (عن طريق
الهاتف والرسائل المحمولة (مثل الرسائل القصيرة والرسائل المتعددة الوسائط وما إلى
ذلك) و/أو البريد الإلكتروني) ومساعدتنا في تحليل المعلومات التي نجمعها حتى نتمكن
من إدارة ودعم وتحسين وتطوير أعمالنا وخدماتنا لك
.
إذا كنت لا تريد منا
استخدام بياناتك بهذه الطريقة أو تغيير رأيك بشأن الاتصال بك في المستقبل، فيرجى
إخبارنا باستخدام تفاصيل الاتصال الموضحة أدناه و/أو تعديل ملفك الشخصي وفقًا لذلك
.
يرجى
ملاحظة أنه بإرسال التعليقات والملاحظات بشأن الموقع والخدمات، فإنك توافق على أن
نستخدم هذه التعليقات والملاحظات على الموقع وفي أي مواد تسويقية أو إعلانية
.
ولن
نحدد هويتك لهذا الغرض إلا من خلال اسمك الأول والمدينة التي تقيم فيها
.
الإفصاح عن معلوماتك
ستُنقل
المعلومات التي تقدمها لنا إلى خوادمنا وتُخزَّن عليها تقوم جهات خارجية بمعالجة
المعلومات مثل مدفوعات بطاقات الائتمان وتقديم خدمات الدعم المتعلقة بالمدفوعات
لنا
.
بالإضافة
إلى ذلك، قد نحتاج إلى تقديم معلوماتك إلى أي مطاعم ("مطاعم شريكة")
وشركات توصيل ("شركاء التوصيل") وتجار التجزئة ("تجار التجزئة
الشركاء") قدمت لهم طلبك
.
من خلال إرسال بياناتك
الشخصية، فإنك توافق على هذا النقل أو التخزين أو المعالجة
.
ستتخذ
ترولي
جميع
الخطوات اللازمة بشكل معقول لضمان التعامل مع بياناتك بأمان ووفقًا لسياسة
الخصوصية هذه
.
إذا
وافقت، فقد نسمح لأطراف خارجية مختارة بعناية، بما في ذلك شركات التسويق والإعلان
والشركات التابعة لنا والشركات المرتبطة بنا، بالاتصال بك من حين لآخر بشأن
الخدمات التي قد تهمك
.
يجوز لهم الاتصال بك عبر الهاتف
والرسائل القصيرة وكذلك عبر البريد الإلكتروني
.
إذا غيرت رأيك بشأن
الاتصال بك من قبل هذه الشركات في المستقبل، فيرجى إخبارنا باستخدام تفاصيل
الاتصال الموضحة أدناه و/أو تعديل ملفك الشخصي وفقًا لذلك
.
إذا دخلت شركتنا في مشروع
مشترك مع كيان تجاري آخر أو اشترته أو بيعت له أو اندمجت معه، فقد يتم الكشف عن
معلوماتك أو نقلها إلى الشركة المستهدفة أو شركائنا التجاريين الجدد أو المالكين
أو مستشاريهم
.
قد
نستخدم المعلومات التي تقدمها لنا إذا كان علينا واجب الكشف عن معلوماتك أو
مشاركتها من أجل الامتثال (و/أو حيث نعتقد أننا ملزمون بالامتثال) لأي التزام
قانوني؛ أو من أجل فرض شروط موقعنا الإلكتروني وأي اتفاقية أخرى؛ أو لحماية حقوق
ترولي
أو
المطاعم الشريكة أو شركاء التوصيل أو تجار التجزئة الشركاء أو غيرهم
.
ويشمل
ذلك تبادل المعلومات مع شركات ومنظمات أخرى لأغراض الحماية من الاحتيال والوقاية
منه
.
الأمن والاحتفاظ بالبيانات
نتخذ خطوات
لحماية معلوماتك من الوصول غير المصرح به وضد المعالجة غير القانونية والخسارة
العرضية والتدمير والتلف
.
سنحتفظ بمعلوماتك لفترة
معقولة أو طالما يتطلب القانون ذلك
.
إذا اخترت كلمة مرور تسمح
لك بالوصول إلى أجزاء معينة من الموقع، فأنت مسؤول عن الحفاظ على سرية هذه الكلمة
.
ننصحك
بعدم مشاركة كلمة مرورك مع أي شخص
.
لسوء الحظ، فإن نقل
المعلومات عبر الإنترنت ليس آمنًا تمامًا
.
على الرغم من أننا سنتخذ
خطوات لحماية معلوماتك، إلا أننا لا نستطيع ضمان أمان بياناتك المرسلة إلى الموقع؛
أي نقل يكون على مسؤوليتك الخاصة
.
بمجرد استلامنا
لمعلوماتك، سنستخدم إجراءات صارمة وميزات أمان لمحاولة منع الوصول غير المصرح به
.
سيتم
نشر أي تغييرات على سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا على الموقع، وعند الاقتضاء، من خلال
إشعار عبر البريد الإلكتروني
.
معلومات الاتصال يمكنك
الاتصال بنا على
Talk@trolley.com.kw
أو الاتصال/الرسائل النصية/واتساب على +965 1811117
Privacy Policy
Trolley
General Trading Co WLL ("we", "our" or "Trolley")
is committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our website
www.trolley.com.kw and all visitors who access our website or services through
any mobile application (together, “Website").
Please
read the following privacy policy which explains how we use and protect your
information.
By
visiting and/or ordering services on this Website, you agree and where required
you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information as set out
in this policy.
When you
visit our site, our server sends your computer a "cookie." This
cookie is a small packet of information that identifies you as a user of our
system. Cookies save you time by retaining your contact information. Cookies do
not deliver viruses, and can only be read by the server that sent you the
cookie. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the
settings in your browser. Please bear in mind however, that you may not be able
to use all the features of our site if cookies are disabled.
INFORMATION
THAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
When you
visit the Website or make a Trolley order through the Website, you may be asked
to provide information about yourself including your name, contact details and
payment information such as credit or debit card information. We may also
collect information about your usage of the Website and information about you
from the messages you post to the Website and the emails or letters you send to
us.
By
accessing Trolley information and/or services using mobile digital routes such
as (but not limited to) mobile, tablet or other devices/technology including
mobile applications, then you should expect that Trolley’s data collection and
usage as set out in this privacy policy will apply in that context too. We may
collect technical information from your mobile device or your use of our
services through a mobile device, for example, location data and certain
characteristics of, and performance data about your device, carrier/operating
system including device and connection type, IP address, mobile payment
methods, interaction with other retail technology such as use of NFC Tags, QR
Codes or use of mobile vouchers. Unless you have elected to remain anonymous
through your device and/or platform settings, this information may be collected
and use by us automatically if you use the service
through
your mobile device(s) via any Trolley mobile application, through your mobile's
browser or otherwise.
USE
OF YOUR INFORMATION
Your
information will enable us to provide you with access to the relevant parts of
the Website and to supply the services you have requested. It will also enable
us to bill you and to contact you where necessary concerning our services. We
will also use and analyze the information we collect so that we can administer,
support, improve and develop our business, for any other purpose whether
statistical or analytical and to help us prevent fraud. Where appropriate, now
and in the future you may have the ability to express your preferences around
the use of your data as set out in this privacy policy and this may be
exercised though your chosen method of using our services, for example mobile,
mobile applications or any representation of our Website.
We may use
your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify
you occasionally about important changes or developments to the Website or our
services.
Where you
have indicated accordingly, you agree that we may use your information to let
you know about our other products and services that may be of interest to you
including services that may be the subject of direct marketing and we may
contact you to do so by post, telephone, mobile messaging (e.g. SMS, MMS etc.)
as well as by e-mail.
Where you
have indicated accordingly, you agree that we may also share information with
third parties (including those in the food, drink, leisure, marketing and
advertising sectors) to use your information in order to let you know about
goods and services which may be of interest to you (by telephone, mobile
messaging (e.g. SMS, MMS etc.) and/or e-mail) and to help us analyze the
information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop
our business and services to you.
If you do
not want us to use your data in this way or change your mind about being
contacted in the future, please let us know by using the contact details set
out below and/or amending your profile accordingly.
Please
note that by submitting comments and feedback regarding the Website and the
services, you consent to us to use such comments and feedback on the Website
and in any marketing or advertising materials. We will only identify you for
this purpose by your first name and the city in which you reside.
DISCLOSURE
OF YOUR INFORMATION
The
information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored on our servers
Third
parties process information such as credit card payments and provide support
services related to payments for us. In addition, we may need to provide your
information to any restaurants ("Partner Restaurants"), delivery
company’s ( “Delivery Partners”) and retailers ( “Partner Retailers”) that you
have placed your order with. By submitting your personal data, you agree to
this transfer, storing or processing. Trolley will take all steps reasonably
necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with
this privacy policy.
If you
have consented we may allow carefully selected third parties, including
marketing and advertising companies, our affiliates and associates, to contact
you occasionally about services that may be of interest to you. They may
contact you by telephone, SMS as well as by e-mail. If you change your mind
about being contacted by these companies in the future, please let us know by
using the contact details set out below and/or by amending your profile
accordingly.
If our
business enters into a joint venture with, purchases or is sold to or merged
with another business entity, your information may be disclosed or transferred
to the target company, our new business partners or owners or their advisors.
We may use
the information that you provide to us if we are under a duty to disclose or
share your information in order to comply with (and/or where we believe we are
under a duty to comply with) any legal obligation; or in order to enforce our
Website Terms and any other agreement; or to protect the rights of Trolley,
Partner Restaurants, Delivery Partners, Partner Retailers or others. This
includes exchanging information with other companies and other organizations
for the purposes of fraud protection and prevention.
SECURITY
AND DATA RETENTION
We take
steps to protect your information from unauthorized access and against unlawful
processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will keep your
information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
Where you
have chosen a password which allows you to access certain parts of the Website,
you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We advise you not
to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately,
the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we will take steps to protect your information, we cannot guarantee
the security of your data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at
your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict
procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Any
changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted to the Website and, where
appropriate, through e-mail notification.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
You can
contact us at Talk@trolley.com.kw or call/text/WhatsApp  +965 1811117