Product Disclaimer
‍
Hyperskill is a learning platform which hosts
JetBrains Academy
's learning content among others. While most of the learning will be happening online on hyperskill.org, some parts of the service are accessible only via JetBrains IDEs with EduTools plugin. You will be provided the link and additional guidelines when you will need to download and install an IDE.
By using any of the Hyperskill services, you agree that your personal data will be processed in accordance with the
Hyperskill Privacy Policy
(this page), and your use of Hyperskill is subject to the
Hyperskill Terms
(this page).
Terms of Service
1. Your acceptance of these Terms of Service (the "Terms") constitutes an agreement based on which Stepic Inc and its Affiliates (collectively "Hyperskill", "we", or "us") offers you ("you", "your" or "Customer") access to the website hyperskill.org and its sub-domains (the "Site") and the products ("Application") and services ("Service") available on the Site and other Hyperskill affiliated Applications. For the purposes of these Terms, Affiliates of Stepic Inc are Stepik Technologies s.r.o., Empowered Future Limited and Educational Technologies LLC.
2. By using the Service, the Site, the Application or any other services or products of Hyperskill, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms.
3. If you are accepting these Terms on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity, its affiliates and all Users who access the Services through your Account, in which case the terms "you" or "your" shall refer to such entity, its affiliates and Users associated with it. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with these Terms, you must not accept these Terms and may not use the Services. For the purposes of these Terms, the term "User" means any employee, independent contractor or other personnel obtaining access to the Site, Services or Applications through the Customer. The Customer is responsible and liable for the conduct of its Users under these Terms.
4. Violation of these Terms may result in the termination of your Account and the Agreement between you and Hyperskill. Hyperskill is not responsible for the Customer Content posted on the Site or the Service. You agree to use the Site, Service and the Application at your own risk.
A. Account Terms
A.1. You are required to create an account on the Site ("Account") in order to use the Services or Applications of Hyperskill.
A.2. You must be a legal entity or a human of 13 years or older in order to create an Account and use the Site, Applications and Services. Accounts registered by "bots" or other automated methods are not permitted.
A.3. You must provide your legal full name, a valid email address, and any other information requested in order to complete the Account creation process.
A.4. Your login may only be used by one User – a single login shared by multiple Users is not permitted. You may create separate logins for as many Users as you'd like.
A.5. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Account and password. Hyperskill cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
A.6. You are responsible for all Customer Content posted and activity that occurs under your Account (even when Customer Content is posted by your Users).
A.7. One person or legal entity may not maintain more than one free Account.
A.8. You may not use the Service, Site or Application for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You must not, in the use of the Service, Site or Application, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright or trademark laws).
B. Grant of rights
B.1. If you comply with these Terms, you have the rights stipulated hereunder for each Service and Application that you obtain through the Site. Your rights acquired in relation to Services and Applications are limited to those necessary to enable you and your Users to use and operate the Services and Applications. All other rights remain reserved to Hyperskill and its licensors.
B.2. You are authorized to use the Site in order to use the Services and Applications in accordance with these Terms.
B.3. Unless the agreement between you and Hyperskill was terminated in accordance with these Terms, then subject to these Terms, you are authorized to:
Use the Service(s) and Application(s) for their intended purposes as specified on the Site
Make one backup copy of the Application for archival or security purposes.
You may not:
Rent, lease, reproduce, modify, adapt, create derivative works of, distribute, sell, or transfer the Application or Service;
Provide access to the Application or Service or the right to use the Application or Service to a third party;
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify, or translate, or make any attempt to discover the source code of, the Application or Service; or
Remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices contained in the Application or Service.
C. Paid Services
C.1. Billing Policies. Certain aspects of the Service may be provided for a fee or other charge. If you elect to use paid aspects of the Service, you agree to the pricing and payment terms, as we may update them from time to time. Hyperskill may add new services for additional fees and charges, or amend fees and charges for existing services, at any time in its sole discretion. Any change to our pricing or payment terms shall become effective in the billing cycle following notice of such change to you as provided in this Agreement or otherwise.
C.2. Automatic Renewal. Hyperskill subscriptions renew automatically using the payment details on file for your account. If you purchase a subscription with automatic renewal, you acknowledge and agree that we are authorized to use the payment information on file for the renewal fee. Until you cancel, your subscription will renew monthly or annually on the same day of the month or year, respectively, as the date you made your initial purchase and the payment information on file will be billed for the then-current subscription fee. This purchase date will be included on your subscription confirmation receipt that will be emailed to you at the email you provide. You may cancel your account at any time, this will stop future subscription charges from accruing to your account.
C.3. No Refunds. You may cancel your Hyperskill account at any time; however, there are no partial or pro-rata refunds for cancellation. If you cancel your subscription, cancellation will be effective at the end of the current monthly or annual billing period; you will have continued access to your subscription for the remainder of that period, but you will not receive a refund. Hyperskill may offer partial, pro rata refunds for Hyperskill's early suspension, termination, or cancellation of a paid program, where the pricing and payment terms for the specific Hyperskill plan expressly state that such refunds are available in such scenarios and/or as required by law. In the event that you cancel your account or Hyperskill suspends or terminates your account under this Agreement for your breach of this Agreement, you understand and agree that you shall receive no refund or exchange for any Hyperskill Indicators, any unused time on a subscription, any license or subscription fees for any portion of the Service, any content or data associated with your account, or for anything else.
C.4. Free Trials. Hyperskill may offer a free trial of our Service to new and eligible returning subscribers, subject to specific terms explained during your free trial sign-up. To avoid being charged during a free trial promotion, you must cancel your subscription before your free trial ends. You can view the details of your free trial on your Hyperskill Subscription page. Hyperskill reserves the right to determine eligibility for free trials, which may vary based on factors including the subscription selected and how recently you redeemed a free trial. Certain limitations may also exist with respect to combining free trials with any other offers. If you do not cancel prior to the end of your free trial period, the payment method provided at sign-up will be automatically billed for the applicable subscription fee. If you wish to avoid charges to the payment information that you have on file, you must cancel your subscription prior to the end of your free trial. You may cancel your subscription at any time as described in the "Cancellations" section of these Terms.
C.5. Cancellations. You can cancel your subscription at any time by logging into your Hyperskill account on the Hyperskill site and following the instructions on the Subscription page. You must cancel your subscription prior to your next recurring billing date in order to avoid being charged. If you cancel your subscription, you will continue to have access to the Service through the end of your current billing period, but will not receive a refund. Cancelling your subscription will not completely delete your account from our Service. You may choose to delete your account, but you will not be able to recover data from your former account at a later date if you do so.
C.6. Payment Information and Taxes. All information that you provide in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service must be accurate, complete, and current. You agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, or other payment method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You will pay any applicable taxes relating to any such purchases, transactions or other monetary transaction interactions.
D. Cancellation and Termination
D.1. You are solely responsible for properly canceling your Account. You can cancel your Account at any time by writing an email request to bye@hyperskill.org from your Account email address. Terminating your Account in this way will automatically terminate the agreement between you and Hyperskill based on these Terms, save for clauses of the Terms which should survive its termination.
D.2. Your personal data will be deleted from the Service upon Account cancellation and you will lose access to the Content. This information can not be recovered once your Account is canceled.
D.3. If you cancel the Service before the end of your current paid up month, your cancellation will take effect immediately and you will not be charged again.
D.4. Hyperskill, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your Account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service or Application, or any other Hyperskill service, for any reason at any time. Such termination of the Service will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or your access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all Content in your Account. Hyperskill reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
E. Modifications to the Service and Prices
E.1. Hyperskill reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site, the Service or the Applications (or any parts thereof) with or without notice.
E.2. Prices of all Services and Applications, including but not limited to monthly subscription plan fees to the Service, are subject to change upon notice from us. Such notice may be provided at any time by posting the changes to the Site.
E.3. Hyperskill shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
E.4. Hyperskill reserves the right to update and change the Terms from time to time without notice. Any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, Site or Applications, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the Terms. Continued use of the Service, Site and Applications after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. You can review the most current version of the Terms at any time at
https://hyperskill.org/terms
.
F. Copyright and Content Ownership
F.1. Our Rights. We or our licensors own all right, title and interest in the Content, the Applications and the Service, including all rights in any copy, translation, modification, adaptation or derivation of the same. We or our licensors own the copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights contained in the Content, the Applications and the Service and all or any part of any material contained therein or prepared therefor, whether or not used therein, in any format or version. We may distribute Content, Services and Applications in our sole discretion by any method of distribution now existing or later developed.
F.2. Rights Clearances and Assignments. You will be solely responsible for obtaining all rights clearances with respect to all Customer Content created or provided by your or your User to us in connection with this Agreement. At our request, you will obtain the execution of any instrument, including from any User, that may be appropriate to assign these rights under this Section to us.
F.3. Your profile data remain yours. By setting certain types of your data to be shared publicly, you agree to allow others to view and share your profile data.
F.4. Customer Content. Any content uploaded by you or your Users ("Customer Content") including your comments, reviews, code, feedback, or other content shall be owned by Hyperskill, including all copyright to such uploaded materials and we reserve the right to use such uploaded materials in our sole discretion for improvement of the Site, Service and the Applications and all other purposes including commercial purposes. By uploading Customer Content, you hereby transfer and assign to Hyperskill all right, title, and interest in and to such Customer Content, including without limitation all intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights therein.
F.5. Proprietary Material. The Content and all other information, data, text, graphics, images, photographs, audio and video clips, logos, icons, Applications and software appearing on the Service ("Content") are and will remain our property, our suppliers, our agents and our licensors. The logo and figures, among others are the trademarks and/or service marks. These materials may be used solely to the extent necessary for your authorized use of the Service, as provided in these Terms. You may not copy, distribute, prepare derivative works from or otherwise use Content for any public or commercial purpose without our written permission.
F.6. Copyright. All Site materials, including, without limitation, text, pictures, graphics and other files and the selection and arrangement thereof are our copyrighted materials, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED, or by the original creator of the material. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute, and download the materials on this Site for personal, noncommercial use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. You may not, however, distribute, copy, reproduce, display, republish, download, or transmit any material on this Site for commercial use without prior written approval. You may not "mirror" any material contained on this Site on any other server without prior written permission. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and communications regulations and statutes.
You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML/CSS or visual design elements without express written permission from Hyperskill.
F.7. Trademarks. The trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos (the "Trademarks") used and displayed on the Site, the Services and the Applications are registered and unregistered Trademarks. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks and/or trade dress, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission. You acknowledge that the Trademarks used and displayed on the Site, Services and Applications are and shall remain our sole property or the Trademark owner. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer any right of ownership of any of the Trademarks in you. Further, nothing on the Site, Service or Applications shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right to use any Trademark used or displayed on the Site, Service or Application without the express written permission. The misuse of the trademarks displayed on this Site, Service or Application or any other content on the Site, Service or Application is strictly prohibited.
F.8. Notification of copyright infringement claims. We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our Customers and Users to do the same. Because of the size of our community, we do not and can not verify that Customers have the right to post Customer Content. However, we cooperate in removing infringing or unlicensed items once an authorized representative of the rights owner properly reports them to us. If you believe certain Customer Content infringes on your copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights, please provide us with a notice of infringement.
G. General Conditions
G.1. Your use of the Service, Site and Applications is at your sole risk. The Service, Site and Applications are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
G.2. Technical support is only available via email.
G.3. You understand that Hyperskill uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Service.
G.4. You must not modify, adapt or hack the Site or Service or modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service, Hyperskill, or any other Hyperskill service.
G.5. We may, but have no obligation to, remove Customer Content and Accounts related to such Customer Content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms.
G.6. Verbal, physical, written or other abuse (including threats of abuse or retribution) of any Hyperskill Customer, User, employee, member, or officer may result in immediate Account termination.
G.7. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your personal data and Customer Content, may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
G.8. You must not upload, post, host, or transmit unsolicited email, SMSs, or "spam" messages within the Services or in relation to the Services.
G.9. You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature through the Services, Site or Applications.
G.10. If your bandwidth usage exceeds 300 MB/month, or significantly exceeds the average bandwidth usage (as determined solely by Hyperskill) of other Hyperskill Customers, we reserve the right to immediately disable your Account or throttle your file hosting until you can reduce your bandwidth consumption.
G.11. The failure of Hyperskill to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Hyperskill and govern your use of the Site, Service and Applications, superseding any prior agreements between you and Hyperskill (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms).
G.12. Questions about these Terms should be sent to hello@hyperskill.org.
H. Disclaimers of Warranty
H.1. We provide the Service, Site and Applications and other products on an "as is" and "as available" basis and without warranty or condition, express or implied. You agree that use of the Service, Site and Applications and products is at Your sole risk. To the extent permitted by law, we expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, including, but not limited to: (a) the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement and title; (b) that Service, Site and Applications will be continuous, uninterrupted, timely, secure and/or error-free; (c) as to the quality, identity or reliability of any User and whether you should rely on any information provided by such User; (d) as to the truth, quality, accuracy, or effectiveness of the contents of any message or the quality, safety, effectiveness, conformance or legality of any product or service described or recommended in any message; and (e) no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through the Service, Site and Applications shall create any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms.
H.2. Hyperskill does not warrant that (i) the Service, Site and Applications will meet your specific requirements, (ii) the Service, Site and Applications will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service, Site and Applications will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the Service will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the Service, Site and Applications will be corrected.
H.3. You expressly understand and agree that Hyperskill shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Hyperskill has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the Service, Site and Applications; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or Services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the Service; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the Service; (v) or any other matter relating to the Service, Site and Applications.
I. Limitation of Liability
I.1. As a condition of using the Service, Site and Applications and products, and in consideration of the Service, Site and Applications, you agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential loss of profits, loss of earnings, loss of business opportunities, damages, expense, or costs, however arising (including negligence), but including those resulting directly or indirectly from, or otherwise arising in connection with: (a) the use of the Service, Site and Applications by you, including but not limited to damages resulting from or arising from your reliance on the Service, Site and Applications, or the mistakes, omissions, interruptions, errors, defects, delays in operation, non-deliveries, misdeliveries, transmissions, eavesdropping, statements or other conduct by third parties, or any failure of performance of the Service, Site and Applications; (b) the content of any message or any product, service, or provider mentioned or recommended therein; (c) the breach, or alleged breach, of any warranty, express or implied, relating to Service, Site and Applications; or (d) government restriction, strikes, war, any natural disaster or force majeure, or any other condition beyond our reasonable control. You agree that we shall not be liable for any damages arising from any interruption, suspension or termination of the Service, Site and Applications. The limitation in this section applies only to the extent permissible by applicable law.
I.2. In any event, Hyperskill's liability to you or any third party is limited to the greater of (a) the amount paid to us by the claimant, and (b) $10.
I.3. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to you.
J. Indemnity
Without limiting the generality or effect of other provisions of this Agreement, as a condition of use of the Site, Services and Applications, each Customer agrees to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend us and each of our respective Affiliates, sub-contractors, licensors, suppliers, agents, and employees against all third party claims, liabilities and damages, including reasonable attorney's fees, incurred or allegedly incurred by or arising out of your breach of these Terms, the content of any Customer Content posted by you, and/or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
K. Modification, Entire Agreement, and Severability
K.1. Modification. These Terms may be supplemented, amended, or modified unilaterally at any time for any reason by us. Any supplement, amendment, or modification of these Terms shall be binding at the time of updating, posting, or otherwise providing public notice on.
K.2. Entire Agreement. These Terms and all other agreements, exhibits, and schedules referred to in these Terms constitute the final, complete, and exclusive agreement between you and Hyperskill pertaining to the subject matter governed by these Terms and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings or agreements of the parties. No party has been induced to accept these Terms by, nor is any party relying on, any representation, understanding, agreement, commitment or warranty outside those expressly set forth in these Terms.
K.3. Severability. In the event that any provision of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed from these Terms, and the remainder of these Terms shall continue to be valid and enforceable.
L. Miscellaneous Terms
L.1. These Terms shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law principles. You and we are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by these Terms.
L.2. Our failure to act with respect to a breach of these Terms by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. At any time upon request by us, you agree to sign a non-electronic version of these Terms.
L.3. The' section headings, bold text, and capitalized text of these Terms are included for convenience only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the Terms.
Last updated: Apr 2, 2024
Privacy Policy
General Information
This Privacy Policy describes how Hyperskill processes personal data of its customers. Personal data has the meaning as provided by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR"). We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what Hyperskill pages consumers access or visit, and information provided voluntarily by the customer (such as survey information and/or site registrations).
The information we collect is mostly used to improve the content of our Web pages and the quality of our service, and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or services you've requested. More details are described in Information Gathering and Usage section below. Hyperskill processes personal data in a manner compliant with the GDPR.
Our servers and your data are located in the EU (Amsterdam) using Microsoft Azure Services.
Information Gathering and Usage
When you register for Hyperskill, we ask for your name and email address. We may also collect and temporarily store your IP address. We also collect information related to your participation in a learning activity from you when you participate in an online learning activity through Hyperskill Service.
Hyperskill uses collected information for the following general purposes:
A. To provide you with our products and services
B. To identify you and verify your identity
C. To improve our services
D. To contact you in relation to our products or services
E. To perform internal research using the data we collect
F. To track your attendance, progress and completion of an online learning activity
G. To provide you with personalized learning recommendations
H. To provide you with email marketing messages (which you can opt out of)
I. To process payments which you authorized
You may object to the processing of your personal data for the purposes c) to h) at any time.
We may share your information and your performance in a given online activity with instructors, teaching assistants, or other individuals who assist with the learning activity. We may also share your information with the following partners and third party service providers who help us run and develop Hyperskill ("Third Party Vendors"): JetBrains s.r.o., JetBrains GmbH, Microsoft Corporation (Azure), Google LLC, Zendesk Inc, Otter.ai Inc, Calendly LLC, RealtimeBoard Inc. dba Miro, Lookback Group Inc, Condens Insights GmbH, Meta Platforms Inc, Slack Technologies LLC, Stripe Inc.
We may use feedback that you provide voluntarily on our products or services. As permitted by applicable law, we may use this in the form of quotes or in other ways in accordance with the Hyperskill Terms of Service. We also may use data that we collect and aggregate to assist us in determining appropriate marketing and advertising for our products and services. In doing so, we may share anonymous aggregated data with third parties to assist us with these efforts. With your consent or if permitted by applicable law, we may also use your contact details to send you commercial communications about our products and services. We also may use third-party service providers to assist us with our email marketing; in that case, the third-party service provider will have access to your email address, your name, and other information necessary to engage in the marketing. Such third-party service provider will act as a data processor and will not use your Personal Data for any other purpose. The legal basis for this data processing is our legitimate interest in promoting and marketing our products and services.
Children
Our products and services are not designed for and are not offered to children under the age of 13. If we discover that a person under the age of 13 has submitted information directly to us, we will endeavor to delete the information from our systems.
Data Storage
Hyperskill uses Third Party Vendors to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run Hyperskill. Although Hyperskill owns the code, databases, and all rights to the Hyperskill application, you retain all rights to your data.
Disclosure
Hyperskill may disclose personally identifiable information under certain circumstances, such as:
to comply with subpoenas or a legal obligation arising from the law
when your actions violate the Terms
Third Party Vendors when it is necessary for provision of the Hyperskill products or services or exercise of our rights.
Changes
Hyperskill may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Hyperskill account, or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Your rights
If at any time you choose to cease using Hyperskill Site, Services or Applications, you may ask for your data to be removed from our servers by sending a request to hello@hyperskill.org. After the data removal, we may keep pseudonyms of your personal data solely for a record about the data removal. Generally, we retain your data as long as we need to in order to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. We may retain your information if it is required to comply with legal obligations and/or defense in case of violation of Hyperskill Terms and/or Privacy Policy. We may also have copies of your information in application logs, weblogs, and/or backups made for security and support purposes if this is mentioned in a Hyperskill Terms or consent text accepted before the personal data collection. These backups will not be accessible as separately delineated information. We may store data pertaining to a customer or user for as long as they are entitled to a license or usage of Hyperskill products and services. Further, we may keep the data to protect ourselves from damage in case of litigation in accordance with the current legislation. Please note, however, that you must retain a copy of all data that you have placed on our servers in the case of any loss; further, if you cease using our software and/or services, we will not be responsible for retention of any of your data.
You are responsible for the correctness of the personal data you provide to us. We expect you to check the personal data you provide to us and if any inconsistency takes place, update your personal data or report the inconsistency to us.
As permitted by applicable law, EU residents may request a copy of the information that we hold about them. To do so, please contact hello@hyperskill.org. We may charge a fee in accordance with applicable law for this service.
Moreover, as set out in locally applicable personal data protection law, you may have the right to: (i) request access to your personal data; (ii) request rectification of your personal data; (iii) request erasure of your personal data; (iv) request a restriction on the processing of your personal data; (v) request personal data portability; or (vi) object to the processing of your personal data.
Right of access.
You may have the right to obtain from us a confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to your personal data. The information about personal data processing includes the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, and the recipients or categories of recipient to whom your personal data have been or will be disclosed, etc. However, this is not an absolute right and the interests of other individuals may restrict your right of access. Further, you may have the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing. For additional copies requested, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs.
Right to rectification.
You may have the right to obtain from us the rectification of inaccurate personal data. Depending on the purposes of the processing, you may have the right to have incomplete personal data made complete, in particular by providing a supplementary statement.
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten).
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to require us to delete your personal data.
Right to a restriction on processing.
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to require us to restrict the processing of your personal data. In this case, the respective personal data will be marked and may only be processed by us for certain purposes.
Right to personal data portability.
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and to transmit these personal data to another entity.
Right to object.
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to object, on grounds relating to their particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal data by us, and we can be required to no longer process your personal data.
These rights can be exercised via the email address hello@hyperskill.org.
You may also contact Hyperskill to get up-to-date information about your personal data processing and any personal data recipients.
You may lodge a complaint related to the processing of your personal data with the competent data protection supervisory authority.
Questions
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to hello@hyperskill.org.
Last updated: Mar 23, 2023
Return to home