Privacy Policy
​
Privacy Policy for SureScan 3D App (“the Application”)
Xyken, LLC – All rights reserved.
​
This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the Service and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
What personal information is collected by the Application?
None. However, the payment information was collected by the App store.
Does the Application share or collect any sensor imagery data?
No. This application uses TrueDepth sensor data and RGB image data to generate 3D point cl
oud and 3D mesh data. Certain function allows a user to process the generated data on the smart device (iPhone or iPad). All the captured data and processed results are stored locally on the user’s smart device. You have full control over all of your data — you can view and permanently delete them.
The app does offer the app user an option of sharing the processed result at one’s own will.
​
Does the Application collect real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect information about the location of your mobile device. The application does not track you in any way, does not collect data to any servers and does not use any advertising. The application does not include/implement any analytics.
​
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No third parties are involved. You own your data and they are shared with no third party.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By downloading or using the Application you agree to this privacy policy, if you do not agree with this privacy policy, please do not download or use the Application.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
surescan3d@xyken.com
.
You can also reach us at the following address:
7921 Jones Branch Dr. #392, McLean, VA 22102
​
​
Last updated October 1, 2022.