Kemper Apps
Home
Floor Plan
smart3Dplanner
Smart Home Design
House Sketcher
Floor Plan AR
Home Designer
CAD
Contact
Privacy Policy
Who I am
My name is Sebastian Kemper and I'm a software developer. You can reach me under the following contact details:
Softwareentwicklung Kemper
Sebastian Kemper
Hauweg. 54
41066 Mönchengladbach
contact.kemper.apps@gmail.com
I am responsible for how your personal data are stored and used on my website or mobile apps. In conformity with the applicable data privacy regulations, I am the so called "data controller".
This policy notifies you if I process personal data and what kind of data I collect.
This policy pertains to data collected about you when you use my website or my mobile applications (mobile apps).
What data do I collect?
I collect the following data if you use my website or mobile apps:
If you contact me, I collect the data you provide in this context (e.g. name, contact data)
Details about your visits to my website and use of the mobile apps (e.g. weblogs)
Browser information and online identifiers (such as your browser types, your browser version, your host operating system, your browser language and your IP address)
Aggregated information (such as aggregated data traffic information that is collected during your visit to the websites and use of the mobile apps)
I do not knowingly collect personal information of children (under 18 years old individuals) in connection with visits to my website and use of my mobile apps. If it is brought to my attention, I will make appropriate efforts to remove it from the records.
For what purposes do I process your data?
I process the data for the following purposes:
To process your support requests
To ensure comfortable use of my website and the mobile apps
To evaluate system security and stability
To ensure a smooth connection to the website and running of the mobile apps
For other administrative purposes
On what legal basis do I process your data?
The legal basis for the processing arises from my legitimate business interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
Links to other websites
The website and mobile apps may contain links to third-party websites. If you follow a link to such a website, please note that your use of such a website is subject to the data privacy conditions of the website and that I assume no responsibility or liability for your use of such a website. Please read the data privacy conditions of this third-party website before transmitting personal data to such a website.
Storage and deletion of your data
I only store your personal data as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which I collected it, including to fulfil legal, accounting, or reporting obligations.
Cookies
I use cookies on my website and my mobile apps. Cookies are small files automatically created by your browser and stored on your end device (smartphone, tablet etc.) when you visit my website or use my mobile apps.
Cookies do not harm your end device and do not contain viruses, Trojan horses or other malware. The cookie stores information created in connection with the specific end device used. This does not mean that I obtain direct knowledge of your identity. One purpose of cookies is to help me to make the use of my offer more enjoyable for you.
Some cookies are called "session cookies". They detect that you have already visited individual pages on our website. These cookies are automatically deleted after you leave the website. I also use temporary cookies to optimize user friendliness. They are stored for a specific fixed amount of time on your end device. If you visit my website or use my mobile apps to access my services again, it is automatically recognized that you have already been there and what settings you provided so that you need not enter these again.
The data processed by cookies is needed for the stated purposes to protect my legitimate interests as well as those of third parties pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can also configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer, but deactivation of cookies may lead to you not being able to use all the functions of my website or my mobile apps.
Unity3D
The software I use to program my mobile apps is called Unity3D. You'll find the privacy policy of Unity3D here: https://unity3d.com/de/legal/privacy-policy.
What should I know, if I use a software built with Unity3D
“Unity has collected some or all of the following information about your device: unique device identifiers (e.g., IDFV for iOS devices and Android ID for Android devices); IP address; country of install (mapped from IP address); device manufacturer and model platform type (iOS, Android, Mac, Windows, etc.) and the operating system and version running on your system or device; language; CPU information such as model, the number of CPUs present, frequency, and instruction set support flags; the graphics card type and vendor name; graphics card driver name and version (e.g., “nv4disp.dll 6.10.93.71”); which graphics API is in use (e.g., “OpenGL 2.1” or “Direct3D 9.0c”); amount of system and video RAM present; current screen resolution; version of the Unity Editor used to create the game; sensor flags (e.g., device support for gyroscope, touch pressure or accelerometer); application or bundle identification (“app ID”) of the game installed; unique advertising identifiers provided for iOS and Android devices (e.g., IDFA or Android Ad ID); and a checksum of all the data that gets sent to verify that it transmitted correctly.”
In my mobile apps I use Unity's Analytics and Ad services, so the following information is collected additionally:
“Some Unity developers use Unity’s Analytics and Ad services, which collect additional information (see FAQs on Unity Analytics and Unity Ads below for details); however, our usage of this data is largely for the following purposes. In serving ads, we try to predict which ads will be of most interest to you based on the games you play and the ads you watch. For analytics, we assist our developers to deliver the best game experience for you. For example, game developers who use our software often standardize certain features to enhance game player experience, such as saving your place in a game. This means that the game level you reached in your last session is where you will begin when you return to the game. Developers also need our assistance in tracking when you are eligible to redeem a reward within a game, such as when you have completed a challenge and get store credits to purchase new tools to play the game.  In our analytics service, some of your data points will also be rolled up into an anonymized, aggregated format to help game developers make decisions about how they support their games. For example, if a game developer is considering phasing out support for an older version of iOS software, they may look at the total number of players currently using that version of iOS software to determine if they need to support that version in updates. Another use on a per game basis is when a developer analyzes the numbers of players dropping out after a certain level.  The developer would use this information to look at the design of their game and re-assess if the game challenge is truly intuitive or needs some additional instruction for players. This allows the developer to enhance the experience and retain the developer’s customers better.”
What do you need to know about Unity Analytics?
“Unity has collected device information, like IP address and device identifiers, as well as events completed or actions taken within the game, including level, number of credits, time it took you to earn them, metadata about in-game communications and the value and details of purchases. Using our systems, the developer of the game has ongoing access to this data. This collection and use of data makes it possible for your experience to operate as expected by permitting you to do things like redeem rewards you have earned or return to where you left off in a game. Other Unity customers may have access to aggregated reports about game activity in general across a number of games. These reports are based, in part, on your game activities, but do not specifically identify you or your device. The reports described in this paragraph help developers make decisions on optimal methods to run the games they have made for you. For example, the developer may need to know the types of devices running the game to determine how to support game updates on an ongoing basis. Some data collected by Unity Analytics may be used by Unity Ads for personalized advertising.“
What do you need to know about receiving an ad from Unity Ads I used in my mobile apps?
“Unity Ads has probably collected device information, like IP address and device identifiers, and information regarding the delivery of ads and your interaction with them, all of which may be shared with ad publishers and attribution companies. For clarity, Unity collects the following data: whether you click or tap an ad for a new game, whether you watch the ad or play a game frequently, whether others playing a game like the one you’re playing have downloaded a particular new game, and whether you download and install the new game you see advertised. All of this is for purposes of predicting the types of new games that you might like to download. Unity may track additional data about you in the future for purposes of making these types of predictions, and we will notify you prior to new data collection.”
What can I do, if I do not wish to see personalized ads?
“If you are in the EU and do not wish to be targeted in this manner, the first Unity ad you see in an app (as of May 25, 2018) explains how you can opt-out of data collection in that particular game. You can opt-out then or at any time by clicking or tapping the “ℹ” button (or Data Privacy icon) on any ad you see (the “ℹ” button or Data Privacy icon will also allow you to access the data that is collected about you in that particular app). For example, you might see a summary that includes information indicating that we see that you are using an iPhone 8 and you are playing from Germany. In the past week we’ve seen you 5 times in this game and have shown you 27 ads. You have installed 0 games based on those ads.
(Additionally, all users, regardless of their location, may opt-out of all personalized advertising by enabling privacy features on their devices such as Limit Ad Tracking (iOS) and Opt Out of Ads Personalization (Android). See your device’s Help system for more information.)
Also, you may see certain “brand” advertising within our ad network (a brand ad is advertising for products that are not games, such as ads for an airline travel deal or a soft drink). Unity gets these ads from third-party networks. We do not permit these third parties to add your app usage to their marketing database, except for a few exceptions, which we specifically list in the Advertising Choices section of our Privacy Policy. The small subset of third parties listed are clearly noted as being permitted by our contracts to use the fact that you play a particular game in their future targeting of ads to you for other non-Unity parties. The remaining parties listed have been clearly noted as not permitted to maintain data about the ad they served you through the Unity network for future use. Please note that if you have told Unity not to target you or you have exercised choices directly with these third parties as described in our Advertising Choices section, this information will not be maintained or used by us or these third parties. Please note that if you have elected to not have your data collected by Unity, we do not send your advertising identifier to any third party, and you will receive only contextual advertising inside our network. You may also visit the third parties listed in our Privacy Policy (at the links we provide) to see the types of data that these parties have about you based on your device’s advertising identifier.”
(Source: https://unity3d.com/de/legal/privacy-policy)
Google Admob
In some of my apps I use Google Admob service to display advertisements. Ads are personalized based on the device you are using. You can deactivate this via the settings of your device.
You can find more information about ad tracking using this advertising ID on your device in the Settings app.
The Google Admob service is provided by Google (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thereby offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active).
General information on the handling of user data can be found in Google's data protection declaration: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
Appodeal
In some of my apps I use Appodeal to display advertisements. Ads are personalized based on the device you are using. You can deactivate this via the settings of your device.
You can find more information about ad tracking using this advertising ID on your device in the Settings app.
All data which could collect by Appodeal are listed here:
Android Version
https://wiki.appodeal.com/en/android/get-started/data-protection/data-security
IOS Version:
https://wiki.appodeal.com/en/ios/get-started/data-protection/app-privacy-details-on-the-app-store
YouTube
For integration and presentation of video content, our website uses plugins from YouTube. Provider of the video portal is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. When you visit a page with an integrated YouTube plugin, it will connect to YouTube's servers. YouTube will find out which of our pages you viewed. YouTube may associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile should you be logged into your YouTube account. By logging out beforehand you have the option to prevent this. The use of YouTube is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. For details on how to handle user information, please refer to the YouTube Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy.
Revocation of your consent to data processing
Only with your express consent are some processes of data processing possible. A revocation of your already given consent is possible at any time. For the revocation is sufficient an informal message by e-mail. The legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
Right to complain to the competent authority
As the person concerned, you are entitled to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority in the event of a breach of data protection law. The competent supervisory authority with regard to data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which the headquarters of our company is located. The following link provides a list of data protection officers and their contact details:
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have data that we process on the basis of your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to you or to third parties. The provision is made in a machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of the data to another person in charge, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
Right to information, correction, blocking, deletion
You have the right at any time in the context of the applicable legal provisions to request free information about your stored personal data, the origin of the data, their recipients and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, a right to correct, block or delete this data. In this regard and also for further questions on the subject of personal data, you can always contact us via the contact options listed in the imprint.
SSL or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content that you send to us as a site operator, our website uses an SSL or TLS encryption. Thus, data that you submit via this website are not readable for others. You will recognize an encrypted connection by the "https://" in the address bar of your browser and by the lock icon in the browser bar.
© 2020
kemper-apps.com
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
We only use technically necessary cookies to support the functionality of the website.
Accept