This Privacy Policy updated 08/12/2024
Hello! Welcome to the MB Digitley Privacy Policy.
Please read this privacy carefully to understand how we collect, use, disclose and process your Personal Data in connection with operating our business.
This policy describes how MB Digitley (collectively described as “we”, “us” or “our”) and its third-party advertising partners collect, use, secure, process, and share end user’s (“you” or “your”) information.
This Privacy Policy applies to our websites, mobile applications, and other services we may provide (collectively, the “Services” or “apps”, “websites” for individual categories), corresponding to this Privacy Policy. It also applies to corresponding social media pages, and our marketing and advertising activities.
We may provide additional privacy notices if we may need to collect your data. We may update these Terms by posting them on invitocards.com.
Information we collect
During the usage of our Services, we could collect the data, that could be used to identify you (“Personal Data”).
We may ask you to provide us with personal information, or we may collect personal information automatically or from third-party partners.
By using our app and making in-app purchases, you consent to our sharing of data regarding your usage and consumption of purchased content with Apple, as part of our efforts to resolve refund requests. This information may include details about how you have accessed and interacted with the purchased content. The purpose of sharing this data is to help Apple make an informed decision regarding refund requests. We ensure that such data sharing is done in compliance with Apple’s policies and only as necessary to process your requests.
Personal Data we may collect:
Information collected from you
During the app or website usage, we may collect information provided us directly by you:
your real name;
email address;
the phone number.
Personal Data provided to us is generally used for the creation of the account in the apps or website.
We may ask for access to your photo library media files and camera if you would like to use some features in Services.
Information collected automatically
We could collect these types of information automatically:
IP address;
Device Type;
OS Type;
IDFA;
Advertising ID;
This information is used to provide you with our Services and customize them. It helps us better understand our current and future users’ needs, serve relevant advertising, and secure apps and the website.
Account Deletion
Google Play Developer Name: 2248 Puzzle Merge Number Games. 2048-like Teasers.
If the app of the Developer allows to create an account, you could delete your account using our mobile apps or by contacting the Developer using
contact us page
. If you will make it, we will immediately and permanently delete all information corresponding to you, including all created content.
Contact Us
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us through the
contact us page.
MB Digitley, 305344645
Lithuania, Vilnius, Perkūnkiemio g. 31-91