TOTEME recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of your personal data. We have instituted strict policies and security measures to protect the information you provide us.
The purpose of this privacy policy is for you, as a customer, to learn how TOTEME handles your personal data and for you to be able to feel secure that the processing is being carried out in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and other applicable data protection law. The privacy policy also describes your rights vis-à-vis us and how you can enforce those rights. By purchasing or receiving our products/services, you confirm that you have read and understood the content of this privacy policy.
This privacy policy is aimed towards you as a customer belonging to one or more of the following categories.
• Retail customers (customers in our stores)
• Etail customers (customers that shop online)
• ℅ TOTEME loyalty program members
• Website users
1
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA?
The Swedish company Toteme AB, reg. no. 556951-0182 (“
TOTEME
” "
We
" "
Us
"), is the controller of your personal data. TOTEME’s affiliated companies (including other companies within the TOTEME group, joint ventures, franchisees and licensees) and selected suppliers may process your personal data on TOTEME’s behalf and in accordance with TOTEME’s instructions as stated below and are thereby processors of your personal data.
You may contact TOTEME at any time, please find our contact details below.
Mail address: Engelbrektsgatan 5, 114 32 Stockholm
Visiting address: Engelbrektsgatan 5, 114 32 Stockholm
Phone: +46 8 20 38 20
Email: privacy@toteme-studio.com
2
CATEGORIES OF DATA PROCESSED, PURPOSE AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
Below is a summary of the categories of data that we process, the purposes of processing the data and on what legal basis we are processing your data
2.1
RETAIL CUSTOMERS
If you make a purchase in one of our physical stores we may process your name, email, and purchase history to provide customer service, process returns and give customer advice on any products you have bought and send electronic receipts to you. We will only collect the information if this is accepted by you. The legal basis for the processing is a balance of interests where our legitimate interest is to be able to provide customer service and facilitate the administration of returns, exchanges and complaints.
Your contact details may also be processed for direct marketing purposes, namely to keep you informed via email or other messenger services of our products, special events or promotions. The legal basis for the processing is a balance of interests where our legitimate interest is to market our products to existing customers.
2.2
ETAIL CUSTOMERS
When you purchase a product online your name, email, phone number, shipping address and billing address (including street name, zip code, city and country) are used to process your order. The data is also processed so that TOTEME can process any returns, exchanges, and complaints as well as communicating with you regarding any questions or comments you may have regarding the product(s). The phone number is collected so that we can send a text message to you when the product(s) have arrived at your pick-up place. The legal basis for the processing is that it is necessary in order for TOTEME to fulfil its contractual obligations towards you.
Your purchase history is also stored so that TOTEME can process any returns, exchanges, and complaints as well as communicating with you regarding any questions or comments you may have regarding the product(s). The legal basis for the processing is a balancing of interests where TOTEME’s legitimate interest is to facilitate the administration of returns, exchanges and complaints.
Information regarding returns are also stored for accounting purposes. This storing is based on TOTEME’s legal obligations.
Your email may also be processed for direct marketing purposes, namely to keep you informed via email of products, special events or promotions. The legal basis for the processing is a balance of interests where our legitimate interest is to market our products to existing customers.
Payments made for purchases on TOTEME’s website are processed by a third-party payment service and such third party is the controller of the credit card information and other information relating to the payment. TOTEME does not collect or store any payment information.
2.3
℅ TOTEME LOYALTY PROGRAM
If you download the app and join TOTEME’s loyalty program by the name of ℅ TOTEME your personal data will be processed in order to handle your membership in accordance with the terms and conditions for ℅ TOTEME
TOTEME will thus process your personal data for the following purposes:
Create and administering you ℅ TOTEME membership:
For this purpose we use your name, email and password.
The legal basis for the processing of your data as a member of ℅ TOTEME is that it is necessary to fulfil a contractual obligation namely the ℅ TOTEME Terms and Conditions.
Contact
: We use your name, e-mail and telephone number in order to contact you in case of updates to the services included in the ℅ TOTEME loyalty program.
The processing is based on our legitimate interest to contact our loyalty program members about the service that is provided.
Providing the services under the ℅ TOTEME loyalty program:
In order to provide you with the services of the ℅ TOTEME loyalty program such as tailored and personalized marketing, in-store experiences, invitations to speical events and exclusive products (please note that offerings may vary from time to time and depending on your tier in the ℅ TOTEME loyalty program) we process your purchases and spend(within the ℅ TOTEME-app as well as TOTEME’s website and physical stores), e-mail address, address, membership-ID, cookie-id, your activities within the ℅ TOTEME program including how you scroll and view different pages, your interaction push-notifications and send outs such as newsletters and promotions, for example, if you have clicked on a push-notification, used a promotion or opened the newsletter, transaction details, purchase history such as how often you purchase items and what kind of items you have bought (category, color, size). Also, your IP-address is processed in order to send marketing based on geographic location.
Note
that not all personal data mentioned above are processed to provide you with each service within the ℅ TOTEME program. The processing depends on the nature of the service and we always ensure to not process your personal data to a larger extent than necessary.
For us to provide you with the personalized and tailor-made marketing we combine your personal data mentioned above, analyze it and create your profile based on such analysis (so called profiling). For example, we may combine your activity within the ℅ TOTEME program (e.g. how you interact with the loyalty program and which goods you place in your shopping-cart), with how you have interacted with a promotion and your previous purchases in order to create a profile of what you are interest in and then send personalized and tailor-made marketing to you based on that profile. We may also create a so-called customer lifetime value of you as a member, i.e. an estimation of your future interactions with us.
Information about your activity within the ℅ TOTEME loyalty program and in relation to our send outs, as well as how often you purchase goods and what specific goods you purchase, will be collected through the use of cookies and similar techniques such as pixels provided by third parties. The placement of such cookies and other techniques are described in our
Cookie policy
.
The legal basis for the processing of your data as a member of ℅ TOTEME is that it is necessary to fulfil a contractual obligation namely the ℅ TOTEME Terms and Conditions.
Purchases:
if you make a purchase via the ℅ TOTEME loyalty program we will process your personal data in order to process your order. The same processing as for an e-tail customer will be carried out and for the same purposes, please see section 3.3 for further information.
Additonally, we will process your phone number and address (including street name, zip code, city and country) which is collected and stored to make future purchases quicker and to provide you with relevant information regarding our products.
The processing is based on our legitimate interest to make purchases easier for our loyalty program members.
2.4
WEBSITE USERS
When you visit the website www.toteme-studio.com, we may process your IP-address to locate from where in the world you are visiting from. The purpose of the processing is to gather data for statistical purposes. The legal basis for the processing is a balance of interests where our legitimate interest is to improve our services through the use of statistics over visitors of the website.
Please note that your IP-address does not directly identify you as an individual. However, by cross-referencing your IP-address with additional available information, your identity may be revealed. TOTEME will not seek to identify you as a Website User.
2.5
ANONYMIZED DATA
It can be noted that we may also use anonymized data for statistical purposes.
3
DOES TOTEME SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHERS?
TOTEME does not sell or rent our customers’ personal data to any other entity.
We may share your data with affiliated companies including other companies within the TOTEME group, joint ventures, franchisees and licensees. TOTEME may also share your data with selected suppliers who perform functions on our behalf such as packing and delivery of orders, processing payments, carrying out promotional services or data management, to maintain our website, analyze interaction with sendouts and notifications under the ℅ TOTEME loyalty program, to distribute emails, to send out our newsletter, to provide client communications and to manage our customer database. As necessary, the personal data you provide to us may be processed by these third parties, solely on TOTEME’s behalf and in accordance with TOTEME’s instructions as the data processor. We do not authorize any of our suppliers to make any other use of your personal data.
If TOTEME and/or its subsidiaries are subject to an actual or potential merger or acquisition or similar transaction, we may share your data with potential and actual buyer(s) and their financial and legal advisers, subject to such third parties undertaking appropriate confidentiality.
TOTEME may also disclose your personal data to a public authority where TOTEME is obligated to do so by law. In the event all or part of TOTEME’s operations are sold, TOTEME may transfer your personal data to a potential purchaser of the business.
4
TRANSFER OUTSIDE OF THE EU/EES
We may share your data with our selected suppliers, who may process your data in countries both inside and outside of the EU/EES when performing functions on our behalf as set out in section 4 above.
If you are a Member of ℅ TOTEME, we will share your contact details and information on previous purchases and shopping preferences with our affiliated companies both inside and outside of the EU/EEA (please see further under section 4).
Please note that countries outside of the EU/EEA may not provide an adequate level of protection for your personal data. TOTEME has however taken appropriate safeguards to ensure that the receiving parties of your data in countries outside of the EU/EEA shall provide an adequate protection of your data. Such safeguards may be that the receiving party has signed so called standard data protection clauses adopted by the EU Commission together with an assessment of whether the safeguards in the applicable standard contractual clause, in relation to the recipient’s country’s applicable law, grants the data subject its rights in accordance with GDPR.
Please contact us at privacy@toteme-studio.com if you want further information on what safeguards have been taken and if you want a copy of such safeguards.
5
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, TOTEME reserves the right to keep and process your personal data in accordance with this policy to the extent necessary to perform our contractual obligations to you, and to the extent we are required to process your data by law or in order to defend ourselves in a dispute, to prevent fraud or abuse, or to enforce our Terms and Conditions.
5.1
RETAIL AND ETAIL CUSTOMERS
Your email may be saved for up to 12 months from the last purchase for direct marketing purposes, subject to your ongoing right to opt-out. Thereafter it shall be deleted.
Purchase history (i.e. name, contact information and purchase data) will be stored during the return and exchange period for the purpose of administrating returns and exchanges.
If you make a complaint TOTEME may save your data to the extent necessary to handle the complaint. TOTEME may also save the complaint information as such for the remaining period under which the customer is entitled to make a complaint in order to prevent a customer from filing two complaints and being compensated twice for the same defect.
The information regarding returns shall for accounting purposes be stored as long as legally required by applicable law.
5.2
℅ TOTEME
If a Member has not made any purchases or logged into its account during a consecutive period of 36 months, TOTEME will contact you and ask if you wish to keep the account and still receive the services included in ℅ TOTEME such as personalized communication. Unless you confirm that you want to keep the account, the data in the account will be deleted.
6
YOUR DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
In this section 7, we have summarized your data subject rights to request access, portability, rectification, erasure of your personal data, to restrict the processing of your personal data, to object to processing, and your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
If you want to exercise your rights, please send us an email to
privacy@toteme-studio.com
. Please note however that if you want to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, you need to contact the authority directly.
6.1
RIGHT OF ACCESS
You have the right to obtain confirmation of whether personal data concerning yourself is being processed and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and information regarding, inter alia, the purpose of processing, the categories of personal data concerned, the categories of recipients to whom your data have been or will be disclosed, and the envisaged period of time for which personal data will be stored (or the criteria for determining this).
6.2
RIGHT OF RECTIFICATION
You have the right to request rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning yourself, and to complete incomplete data.
6.3
RIGHT OF ERASURE
Under certain circumstances you are entitled to request that we erase your personal data or restrict our processing of your data, namely in the following events.
• When it is no longer necessary for us to process your data taking into consideration the purposes for which it was collected.
• When our processing is based on your consent and you have withdrawn your consent, and there is no other legal basis for the processing of your data.
• When our processing of your data is based on a legitimate interest legal basis and you object to such processing, and there is no overriding legitimate ground for our processing.
• When you have objected to our processing of your data for direct marketing purposes.
• When your personal data has been unlawfully processed.
• When the personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation that applies to us.
• When the personal data collected concerns a child (under 13 years of age) in relation to the offer of information society services.
6.4
RIGHT TO OBJECTION – DIRECT MARKETING AND PROFILING
You have the right to object at any time to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If you object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling, we will cease such processing of your data.
6.5
DATA PORTABILITY
If our processing is based on your consent or if the processing is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, you have the right to request that the data which you have provided to us shall be provided to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you also have the right to transmit such data to another controller.
6.6
RIGHT TO LODGE A COMPLAINT WITH SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
Please note that if you consider the processing of your data to be in violation of applicable data protection laws, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence or the place of the alleged infringement (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm).
7
HOW DO I UNSUBSCRIBE FROM TOTEME'S NEWSLETTERS AND EMAILS?
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters or other emails, you can unsubscribe as indicated in the particular communication, i.e. by using the unsubscribe link which is included on all newsletters and other emails. You may also contact us at shop@toteme-studio.com.
8
IS IT MANDATORY TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA?
Certain personal data is required to provide in order for you to access certain services when for example, you purchase an item online or sign up as a member of TOTEME’s Newsletter Club. In such cases provision of mandatory data is necessary for TOTEME to be able to fulfil our contractual obligation to you in accordance with applicable terms and conditions.
When you purchase our products in our physical stores, you do not have to provide any personal data.
9
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY AND LEGAL PURCHASE AGE
TOTEME does not wish to collect personal information from anyone under the age of sixteen (16). If you are under eighteen (18), we require that you inform and get your parents’ or guardians’ consent before purchasing anything or provide any personal data to us at
www.toteme-studio.com
or any other website related to TOTEME.
10
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNIQUES
As already mentioned, we use cookies on our website. Please see our separate policy about the placement of cookies
here
, which you can find on our website.
11
MODIFICATIONS
TOTEME reserves the right to occasionally make changes to our privacy policy or practices. We will post the updated policy on our website, and thus we encourage you to review this page from time to time.
TOTEME reserves the right to occasionally make changes to our privacy policy or practices. We will post the updated policy on our website, and thus we encourage you to review this page from time to time.
Version 4, last date for modification: 1 January 2023
Contact
Purchase Terms and Conditions
℅ TOTEME Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Whistleblowing Policy
RBC Policy
Shipping
Returns
Payments
Order tracking
Coming soon