Privacy Policy
We at the ZamaLabs LTD. STI. (”us”, “we”, “our”) know the value of trust and transparency, and we understand the need for responsible and secure protection of the information you choose to share with us. Your security and privacy are important to us. Please read the following to learn more about our policies and practices for keeping your data secure.
We operate the FitBit to Apple Health Sync mobile application developed for iOS platforms (”this app”, “the app”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal health record (“PHR Data”) when you use this app.
By using this app, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We're a pass through service: we fetch your fitness data from Fitbit web service, and store them on Apple Health. We as a service never store your fitness data in any server or third party storage.
We do not store PHR Data from your Fitbit on our own; they’re securely stored on your device; they will not be sent to our server.
We will not share your PHR Data with anyone.
We will not sell your PHR Data to advertising platforms, data brokers or information resellers.
We will not use Your PHR Data for advertising or similar services.
We may collect and store some deidentified data such as User ID, Product Interaction, Other Usage Data, Crash Data, Performance Data, Other Diagnostic data in order to use them for the purposes of App Analytics and App Functionality. Note that these data does not contain any information related to your personal health record. As an example, if you have registered the application using
scipio@zamalabs.com
e-mail and synced your entire history for a month; we will collect your first launch time, number of synchronizations, premium subscription end date, crash statistics without linking the data to your e-mail. As mentioned, these data is used only for App Analytics and App Functionality purposes. Therefore it will not be shared with any third party.
EUROPEAN UNION RESIDENTS
We are fully compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679).
HOW TO REQUEST OPT-OUTS, CORRECTIONS, DELETIONS AND COPIES
You can delete all of your PHR Data by uninstalling the application. We do not store or have access to any of your PHR Data.
SAFETY, SECURITY, AND COMPLIANCE WITH LAW
We may disclose any information, including personal information, we deem necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, to enforce our rights, or to protect the safety and security of our Applications or other users.
ZAMALABS APPLICATION DOWNLOADING
Some downloads of the ZamaLabs applications are processed by Apple, Inc. or other application vendors and their stores.  ZamaLabs ’s privacy policies and practices are not extensible to these entities. Please refer to Apple’s Privacy Policy for questions about the Apple App Store. These entities do not share any data of a personal nature with ZamaLabs .
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
ZamaLabs reserves the right to change and update this privacy policy. We do our best to reflect the most current standards in order to demonstrate the utmost respect for our users. We will do our best to keep you informed as we evolve, but please check this page for changes from time to time to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices.
DISCLAIMERS
We make no guarantees as to the suitability of this app for the user, or for any of its functionality, product price, accuracy, or usefulness, and will not be held responsible in the event that damage is incurred.
We reserve the right to change this app or to stop offering it. We will not be held responsible if this app is discontinued, changed, or otherwise made unusable and data is damaged or lost as a result, or if the device itself is damaged, or if the device incurred damage due to another app.