Netzverb
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last modified: 16.03.2023
With our online resources and services
Netzverb® Deutsch
(following
online services
or
website(s)
) and with our mobile and other applications (following
apps
) we offer you information and services related to the German language.
The following websites and domains are part of our
online services
:
Homepage ·
netzverb.de
·
netzverb.com
German inflection ·
verbformen.de
·
verbformen.com
·
verbformen.ru
·
verbformen.es
·
verbformen.pt
·
konjugieren.de
·
deklinieren.de
German word lists ·
verblisten.de
German grammar ·
sprachlehre.de
German dictionary ·
verben.de
·
woerter.net
·
woerter.ru
German sentences ·
satzapp.de
·
satzapp.com
Forum for German ·
konjugation.de
Other ·
diaware.de
·
erzgebirgisch.de
·
lojol.de
·
regexe.de
·
regexe.com
·
netzverb-dictionary.app
The
apps
include the following products and services:
Mobile apps (Android):
German Verbs
·
Pro
·
Top
·
German Nouns
·
Pro
·
Top
·
German Dictionary
·
Pro
·
Top
Mobile Apps (iOS):
German Verbs
·
German Nouns
·
German Dictionary
Summary
This english version of this privacy policy  have been automatically translated. Therfore the
original German version
is binding.
With this privacy policy, we clarify the type, scope and purpose of the collection and use of personal data in connection with the use of our online offer and our apps. Furthermore, you as the data subject will be informed of the rights you are entitled to. The legal basis for data protection can be found in the General Data Protection Regulation (following referred to as GDPR) and in the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to (
us as the responsible person
).
Information relevant to data protection is personal data. This is data by which a person can be identified; So information that can be traced back to a natural person. This includes, for example, the name, the email address and the telephone number.
In principle, we only process personal data in compliance with the relevant data protection regulations. The data will only be processed with legal permission. In particular, if the data processing is necessary for the provision of our contractual services or is required by law (Art. 6 Para. 1 b. and c. GDPR), the consent of the data subject is available (Art. 6 Para. 1 a. and Art. 7 GDPR) , as well as based on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 Para. 1 f. GDPR). We understand the latter to be our interest in the optimization, analysis and economic operation and security of our online offering, particularly when it comes to measuring reach, creating profiles for advertising and marketing purposes, as well as collecting access data and using third-party services.
For all terms and definitions in connection with data protection, we refer to Art. 4 of the GDPR.
General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.
Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.
We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e., through e-mail communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data against third-party access.
Information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the GDPR)
The data processing controller on this website is:
Netzverb® Deutsch
Owner Andreas Göbel
Alte Buchholzer Str. 8
D-09487 Schlettau (Germany)
Contanct: datenschutz@netzverb.com oder
Impressum
Storage duration
Unless a more specific storage period has been specified in this privacy policy, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. If you assert a justified request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted, unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g., tax or commercial law retention periods); in the latter case, the deletion will take place after these reasons cease to apply.
General information on the legal basis for the data processing on this website
If you have consented to data processing, we process your personal data on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR or Art. 9 (2)(a) GDPR, if special categories of data are processed according to Art. 9 (1) DSGVO. In the case of explicit consent to the transfer of personal data to third countries, the data processing is also based on Art. 49 (1)(a) GDPR. If you have consented to the storage of cookies or to the access to information in your end device (e.g., via device fingerprinting), the data processing is additionally based on § 25 (1) TTDSG. The consent can be revoked at any time. If your data is required for the fulfillment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, we process your data on the basis of Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR. Furthermore, if your data is required for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, we process it on the basis of Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR. Furthermore, the data processing may be carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest according to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Information on the relevant legal basis in each individual case is provided in the following paragraphs of this privacy policy.
Information on data transfer to the USA and other non-EU countries
Among other things, we use tools of companies domiciled in the United States or other from a data protection perspective non-secure non-EU countries. If these tools are active, your personal data may potentially be transferred to these non-EU countries and may be processed there. We must point out that in these countries, a data protection level that is comparable to that in the EU cannot be guaranteed. For instance, U.S. enterprises are under a mandate to release personal data to the security agencies and you as the data subject do not have any litigation options to defend yourself in court. Hence, it cannot be ruled out that U.S. agencies (e.g., the Secret Service) may process, analyze, and permanently archive your personal data for surveillance purposes. We have no control over these processing activities.
Revocation of your consent to the processing of data
A wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.
Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)
IN THE EVENT THAT DATA ARE PROCESSED ON THE BASIS OF ART. 6(1)(E) OR (F) GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA BASED ON GROUNDS ARISING FROM YOUR UNIQUE SITUATION. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO ANY PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. TO DETERMINE THE LEGAL BASIS, ON WHICH ANY PROCESSING OF DATA IS BASED, PLEASE CONSULT THIS DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION. IF YOU LOG AN OBJECTION, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA, UNLESS WE ARE IN A POSITION TO PRESENT COMPELLING PROTECTION WORTHY GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA, THAT OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR IF THE PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING IS THE CLAIMING, EXERCISING OR DEFENCE OF LEGAL ENTITLEMENTS (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21(1) GDPR).
IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS BEING PROCESSED IN ORDER TO ENGAGE IN DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUCH ADVERTISING AT ANY TIME. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS AFFILIATED WITH SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR DIRECT ADVERTISING PURPOSES (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21(2) GDPR).
Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agency
In the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.
Right to data portability
You have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.
Information about, rectification and eradication of data
Within the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time.
Right to demand processing restrictions
You have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:
In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.
If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.
If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.
If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21(1) GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data – with the exception of their archiving – may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.
SSL and/or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from "http://" to "https://" and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.
If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
External Hosting
Our
online services
are hosted externally by iNETsolutions.de®e.K. Inh. Martin Rautenberg, 07703 Jena, Deutschland. Personal data collected on this website are stored on the servers of the host. These may include, but are not limited to, IP addresses, contact requests, metadata and communications, contract information, contact information, names, web page access, and other data generated through a web site.
The external hosting serves the purpose of fulfilling the contract with our potential and existing customers (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR) and in the interest of secure, fast, and efficient provision of our online services by a professional provider (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TTDSG, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user's end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TTDSG. This consent can be revoked at any time.
Our hosters will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfil its performance obligations and to follow our instructions with respect to such data.
We have concluded a data processing agreement (DPA) for the use of the above-mentioned service. This is a contract mandated by data privacy laws that guarantees that they process personal data of our website visitors only based on our instructions and in compliance with the GDPR.
Recording of data on this
online services
Cookies
Our websites and pages use what the industry refers to as “cookies.” Cookies are small data packages that do not cause any damage to your device. They are either stored temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or they are permanently archived on your device (permanent cookies). Session cookies are automatically deleted once you terminate your visit. Permanent cookies remain archived on your device until you actively delete them, or they are automatically eradicated by your web browser.
Cookies can be issued by us (first-party cookies) or by third-party companies (so-called third-party cookies). Third-party cookies enable the integration of certain services of third-party companies into websites (e.g., cookies for handling payment services).
Cookies have a variety of functions. Many cookies are technically essential since certain website functions would not work in the absence of these cookies (e.g., the shopping cart function or the display of videos). Other cookies may be used to analyze user behavior or for promotional purposes.
Cookies, which are required for the performance of electronic communication transactions, for the provision of certain functions you want to use (e.g., for the shopping cart function) or those that are necessary for the optimization (required cookies) of the website (e.g., cookies that provide measurable insights into the web audience), shall be stored on the basis of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, unless a different legal basis is cited. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the storage of required cookies to ensure the technically error-free and optimized provision of the operator’s services. If your consent to the storage of the cookies and similar recognition technologies has been requested, the processing occurs exclusively on the basis of the consent obtained (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TTDSG); this consent may be revoked at any time.
You have the option to set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified any time cookies are placed and to permit the acceptance of cookies only in specific cases. You may also exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain cases or in general or activate the delete-function for the automatic eradication of cookies when the browser closes. If cookies are deactivated, the functions of this website may be limited.
Which cookies and services are used on this website can be found in this privacy policy.
Consent with Sourcepoint
We participate in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and comply with its specifications and guidelines. For this purpose, we use the Consent Management Platform (CMP) of Sourcepoint Technologie Inc., 228 Park Ave S #87903, New York 10003-1502, USA, as our contract processor. Within the framework of the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework, Sourcepoint has the identification number 6. Sourcepoint's CMP enables you to grant us a data protection-compliant consent to process your data and to revoke this consent at any time. You may also object to data processing based on our legitimate interest.
You can find an overview of your setting options, the purposes and involved third parties here: Placeholder Further information on data protection and the CMP can be found on the Sourcepoint website:
sourcepoint.com/privacy-notice
und
sourcepoint.com/privacy-policy
.
Sourcepoint uses cookies to obtain the declarations of consent mandated by law. The legal basis for the use of such cookies is Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR.
We have concluded a data processing agreement (DPA) for the use of the above-mentioned service. This is a contract mandated by data privacy laws that guarantees that they process personal data of our website visitors only based on our instructions and in compliance with the GDPR.
Server log files
The provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:
The type and version of browser used
The used operating system
Referrer URL
The hostname of the accessing computer
The time of the server inquiry
The IP address
This data is not merged with other data sources.
This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operator’s website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.
Request by e-mail, telephone, or fax
If you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.
These data are processed on the basis of Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR if your inquiry is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is required for the performance of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the data are processed on the basis of our legitimate interest in the effective handling of inquiries submitted to us (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR) or on the basis of your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR) if it has been obtained; the consent can be revoked at any time.
The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular statutory retention periods - remain unaffected.
Registration on this website
You have the option to register on this website to be able to use additional website functions. We shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. The required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. Otherwise, we shall reject the registration.
To notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the e-mail address provided during the registration process.
We shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR).
The data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on this website. Subsequently, such data shall be deleted. This shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations.
Registration with Google
Instead of registering directly on this website, you can register with Google. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
To register with Google, you must only enter your Google name and password. Google will identify you and confirm your identity to our website.
When you sign in with Google, we may be able to use certain information in your account to complete your profile with us. You decide whether you want this information to be used and if so, which information it is, within the framework of your Google security settings, which you can find here:
https://myaccount.google.com/security
and
https://myaccount.google.com/permissions
.
The data processing associated with Google’s registration is based on our legitimate interest in making the registration process as simple as possible for our users (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). Since the use of the registration function is voluntary and the users themselves can decide on the respective access options, no conflicting predominant rights of the data subjects are apparent.
The comment function on this website
When you use the comment function on this website, information on the time the comment was generated and your e-mail-address and, if you are not posting anonymously, the username you have selected will be archived in addition to your comments.
Comments and any affiliated information shall be stored by us and remain on this website until the content the comment pertained to has been deleted in its entirety or if the comments had to be deleted for legal reasons (e.g., insulting comments).
Comments are stored on the basis of your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via e-mail. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.
Analysis tools and advertising
Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics enables the website operator to analyze the behavior patterns of website visitors. To that end, the website operator receives a variety of user data, such as pages accessed, time spent on the page, the utilized operating system and the user’s origin. This data is assigned to the respective end device of the user. An assignment to a user-ID does not take place.
Furthermore, Google Analytics allows us to record your mouse and scroll movements and clicks, among other things. Google Analytics uses various modeling approaches to augment the collected data sets and uses machine learning technologies in data analysis.
Google Analytics uses technologies that make the recognition of the user for the purpose of analyzing the user behavior patterns (e.g., cookies or device fingerprinting). The website use information recorded by Google is, as a rule transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.
The use of these services occurs on the basis of your consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25(1) TTDSG. You may revoke your consent at any time.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/
.
On this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Google’s servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Google’s possession.
You can prevent the recording and processing of your data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Google’s Data Privacy Declaration at:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
We use Google Signals. Whenever you visit our website, Google Analytics records, among other things, your location, the progression of your search and YouTube progression as well as demographic data (site visitor data). This data may be used for customized advertising with the assistance of Google Signal. If you have a Google account, your site visitor information will be linked to your Google account by Google Signal and used to send you customized promotional messages. The data is also used to compile anonymized statistics of our users’ online patterns.
We have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.
Google AdSense and Google AdMob
This website uses Google AdSense, a service for the integration of ads. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
With the assistance of Google Adsense, we are in a position to place targeted ads by third parties on our site. The contents of the ads are based on your interests, which Google determines based on your past user patterns. Moreover, when choosing compatible ads, context information, such as your location, the content of the visited website or Google search terms you have entered, will be taken into account.
Google AdSense uses Cookies, Web Beacons (invisible graphics) and comparable recognition technologies. As a result, it is possible to analyze information, such as visitor traffic data, on these sites.
The usage information for this website (including your IP address) recorded by Google Adsense and delivery of advertising formats are transferred to a Google server in the United States, where the information is stored. Google may share this information with one of its contracting partners. However, Google will not link your IP address with any other of your stored information.
The use of these services occurs on the basis of your consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25(1) TTDSG. You may revoke your consent at any time.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/
.
Ströer
We use in our
online services
on the basis of our legitimate interest in the analysis, optimization and the economic operation (Art. 6 Para. 1 f. GDPR) and on the basis of your consent of the data usage (Art. 6 Para. 1 a. and Art. 7 GDPR) for the commercialization of advertising spaces the service of
Ströer Digital Media GmbH, Kehrwieder 8-9, 20457 Hamburg
. Ströer and its partners use cookies to optimize advertising delivery.
The use of these services occurs on the basis of your consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25(1) TTDSG. You may revoke your consent at any time.
Information on how Ströer processes data and what data is affected can be found in Ströer's data privacy declaration:
stroeer.de
and in the consent setting on each website (footer link
Consent
) and in the app (menu entry
Consent
).
Service symplr
In order to be able to offer our digital offer, to provide you with the technical content on the website, to ensure the security of the website, to fix possible errors and to carry out analyses, we and our partners use certain cookies and similar technologies.
In addition, the content of this website is financed, among other things, by online advertising. To this end, we work together with our marketer symplr (mso digital GmbH & Co. KG, Erich-Maria-Remarque-Ring 14, 49074 Osnabrück) and other so-called monetization partners (third-party providers). For this purpose, we and our partners (“providers”) process personal data such as your IP address or ID and browser information. The legal basis for this processing is your voluntary consent, which can be revoked at any time, in accordance with Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a) GDPR.
In some cases, we or our partners (“providers”) process your data on the legal basis of legitimate interest, pursuant to Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interests lie in the session-based range measurement, as well as in the display of payment barriers, which are absolutely necessary for the operation and refinancing of our digital offer.
When marketing our offer, we use, among other things, the so-called "Real Time Bidding" (RTB) process. At RTB, our ad spaces to advertisers are automated and auctioned off in real time. During the auction, your usage profiles and your interests will also be transmitted to the participants in the auction and taken into account. We use the OpenRTB protocol, which enables real-time bidding and is a recognized industry standard for communication and interoperability between auction participants.
We store and transmit your consent preferences to the third-party providers used, using the IAB Europe TCF 2.0 technological standard. This is done as part of an encrypted http character string, the so-called TC string. This transmission takes place on the basis of your consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).
Your data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for processing. Detailed information is shown individually in the following list of providers.
Information on the tools used for the purposes presented can be found directly in our data protection settings on each website (page footer link
Consent
).
Plug-ins and Tools
Social networks
We deliberately do not include so-called plugins from the relevant social networks in our
online services
and in our
apps
. This means that no personal data about the use of our online offer and our apps are transmitted to the network operators. Instead, there are normal links in our online offer and in the apps, which refer to our profiles in the social networks and offer the possibility to share our content.
Please note that each time you click on a link on the Internet, the original website is transmitted to the accessed website (standard behavior of every browser). To what extent the operators of the social networks handle this information, please refer to the privacy policy of the respective social network.
YouTube with expanded data protection integration
Our website embeds videos of the website YouTube. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
We use YouTube in the expanded data protection mode. According to YouTube, this mode ensures that YouTube does not store any information about visitors to this website before they watch the video. Nevertheless, this does not necessarily mean that the sharing of data with YouTube partners can be ruled out as a result of the expanded data protection mode. For instance, regardless of whether you are watching a video, YouTube will always establish a connection with the Google DoubleClick network.
As soon as you start to play a YouTube video on this website, a connection to YouTube’s servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited. If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
Furthermore, after you have started to play a video, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device or comparable technologies for recognition (e.g. device fingerprinting). In this way YouTube will be able to obtain information about this website’s visitors. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud.
Under certain circumstances, additional data processing transactions may be triggered after you have started to play a YouTube video, which are beyond our control.
The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, this is a legitimate interest. If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TTDSG, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TTDSG. This consent can be revoked at any time.
For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter referred to as “reCAPTCHA”) on this website. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to determine whether data entered on this website (e.g., information entered into a contact form) is being provided by a human user or by an automated program. To determine this, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitors based on a variety of parameters. This analysis is triggered automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the site. For this analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates a variety of data (e.g., IP address, time the website visitor spent on the site or cursor movements initiated by the user). The data tracked during such analyses are forwarded to Google.
reCAPTCHA analyses run entirely in the background. Website visitors are not alerted that an analysis is underway.
Data are stored and analyzed on the basis of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the protection of the operator’s websites against abusive automated spying and against SPAM. If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR and § 25 (1) TTDSG, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TTDSG. This consent can be revoked at any time.
For more information about Google reCAPTCHA please refer to the Google Data Privacy Declaration and Terms Of Use under the following links:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
and
https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en
.
OpenAI ChatGPT
We use ChatGPT on our website to provide you with the best possible support for learning the German language. ChatGPT (Generative Pre-trained Transformer) is a chatbot, a text-based dialog system as a user interface based on machine learning. The chatbot is operated by the company OpenAI, LLC, 548 Market Street, San Francisco, California, United States.
Only the texts that you enter into the chatbot yourself are transmitted to ChatGPT. ChatGPT stores these transmitted texts to generate responses. Therefore, you should never include personal data in the chat. Other data besides the texts will not be shared. You can find the privacy policy of OpenAI here:
https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy
Our social media appearances
This privacy policy applies to the following social media presence
https://www.facebook.com/Netzverb
https://twitter.com/Netzverb
https://www.instagram.com/netzverb/
https://www.pinterest.de/netzverb/
https://www.xing.com/profile/Andreas_Goebel20/cv
https://www.linkedin.com/in/andreas-g%C3%B6bel-bb9677202/
https://netzverb.tumblr.com/
https://www.youtube.com/Netzverb-Deutsch
https://www.tiktok.com/@netzverb
Data processing through social networks
We maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. The individual social networks we use can be found below.
Social networks such as Facebook, Twitter etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g., like buttons or banner ads). When you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. In detail:
If you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. In this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your IP address.
Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. This way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. If you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.
Please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. Depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. Details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.
Legal basis
Our social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the Internet. This is a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. The analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g., consent within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR).
Responsibility and assertion of rights
If you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. You can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g., Facebook).
Please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. Our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.
Storage time
The data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. Stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular, retention periods - remain unaffected.
We have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g., in their privacy policy, see below).
Your rights
You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time and free of charge. You also have the right to object, the right to data portability and the right to file a complaint with the responsible regulatory agency. Furthermore, you can request the correction, blocking, deletion and, under certain circumstances, the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Individual social networks
Facebook
We have a profile on Facebook. The provider of this service is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (hereinafter Meta). According to Meta’s statement the collected data will also be transferred to the USA and to other third-party countries.
You can customize your advertising settings independently in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here: https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU
data
transfer_addendum and
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/566994660333381
.
Details can be found in the Facebook privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
Twitter
We use the short message service Twitter. The provider is Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland.
You can customize your Twitter privacy settings in your user account. Click on the following link and log in:
https://twitter.com/personalization
.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://gdpr.twitter.com/en/controller-to-controller-transfers.html
.
For details, see the Twitter Privacy Policy: https://twitter.com/privacy.
Instagram
We have a profile on Instagram. The provider of this service is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU
data
transfer_addendum
,
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
and
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/566994660333381
.
For details on how they handle your personal information, see the Instagram Privacy Policy:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
.
Pinterest
We have a profile at Pinterest. The operator is Pinterest Europe Ltd., Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Details on how they handle your personal data can be found in the privacy policy of Pinterest:
https://policy.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy
.
XING
We have a profile on XING. The provider is New Work SE, Dammtorstraße 30, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Details on their handling of your personal data can be found in the XING Privacy Policy:
https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung
.
LinkedIn
We have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.
If you want to disable LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
.
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/dpa and https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/eu-sccs
.
For details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to LinkedIn's privacy policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Tumblr
We have a profile on Tumblr. The provider is Tumblr, Inc., 35 East 21st St., 10th Floor, New York, NY 10010, USA. Details on how they handle your personal data can be found in the Tumblr privacy policy:
https://www.tumblr.com/privacy/de
.
YouTube
We have a profile on YouTube. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Details on how they handle your personal data can be found in the YouTube privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
TikTok
We have a profile on TikTok. The provider is TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland. Details on how they handle your personal data can be found in the TikTok privacy policy:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en
.
Data transmission to third countries is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission. Details can be found here:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://sourcepoint.com/privacy-notice:
Privacy Notice – Sourcepoint Services
Deutsch
|
Français
Last updated: August 2024
Privacy Notice – Sourcepoint Services (Sourcepoint as Processor / Service Provider when providing the following services: Dialogue Consent Management Platform
This privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) describes the processing of personal data by Sourcepoint Technologies, Inc. (“Sourcepoint”) on behalf of Sourcepoint’s business customers (“Customers”) in connection with the use of the services Dialogue Consent Management Platform (“Services”). This Privacy Notice applies only to Sourcepoint’s collection and processing of personal data from visitors to our Customers’ websites and mobile apps (“Customer Sites”).
This Notice does not cover personal data that we process when you visit sourcepoint.com. That information can be found in our
Website Privacy Policy
.
1.  Sourcepoint is a data processor with regard to the Services
Sourcepoint only processes personal data of individual end users of our Customers (“End User Data”) based on the instructions of our Customers and on their behalf in connection with the Services. The Customers are the responsible entities for the processing of End User Data. From a data protection perspective, our Customers are “data controllers” or “businesses” and Sourcepoint is a “data processor” or “service provider”, depending on applicable data protection laws.
2. Sourcepoint’s Services
Sourcepoint provides certain privacy technology to its Customers for their use on the Customer Sites, which require the processing of End User Data by Sourcepoint as a data processor or service provider. These services are:
Dialogue – our consent management platform, more information
here
,
3. Processing of End User Data in connection with the Services
Sourcepoint processes the following categories of End User Data of Sourcepoint Customers in connection with the Services:
Service
Categories of personal data processed
Dialogue Consent Management Platform
For the purpose of providing the consent management solution
: IP address, Unique User ID, the cookie consent string and cookie settings of the individual end user concerning the relevant Customer Sites, information on the device, browser and operating system of the individual end user, and if provided by the Customer to Sourcepoint, an AuthID. Sourcepoint transfers the Unique User ID and cookie consent string to the cookie providers selected by Sourcepoint Customers.
For the purpose of providing reports on the use of the consent management solution by the Customer on Customer Sites
: Unique User ID, information on the Customer Site, region, device, browser, operating system, relevant time period for the reports (e.g. week, month or quarter) and aggregated statistical information on the use of the consent management solution (total number of page views, unique users, and views who received a message,  statistics on the individual end users’ consent decisions which may include “Accept All”, “Legitimate interests only”, “Reject all”, “No choices made”, “Previous accept all”, and “Other choices”).
Sourcepoint is a registered vendor (ID 590) with the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework with respect to Sourcepoint’s Anti Adblock services and a registered CMP (ID 6) with the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework with respect to Sourcepoint’s Dialogue services. Sourcepoint attests to Sourcepoint’s participation in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and compliance with the Policies and Specifications of the Transparency & Consent Framework.
4. Questions and contact details
If you have any questions regarding the processing of End User Data, would like to obtain further information (such as the purpose or legal basis of processing) or would like to claim any data subject rights in connection with the Services, please contact the Customer which is the owner of the website which has linked you to this Privacy Notice or review the Customer’s own privacy policy.
If you would like to review further information on the processing of personal data in connection with Sourcepoint’s own website, please visit our
website privacy policy
.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or Sourcepoint’s data processing practices, you can contact us using the contact details available at https://www.sourcepoint.com/contact, by writing to Sourcepoint Technologies, Inc., 228 Park Avenue South, #87903, New York, NY 10003 -1502, USA, or to our German office at Sourcepoint GmbH, Friedrichstrasse. 68, 10117, Berlin, Germany.
Nothing in this policy contradicts the following statement: Sourcepoint does not utilize data collected through the domains
privacy-mgmt.com
and
s
ummerhamster.com
in a third-party context (including IP addresses and user identifiers) for any purpose not directly related to managing consent preferences, including the use and sharing of such data to enable tracking of particular users or devices by other services.
Keep in touch
Sign up for our newsletter to keep up with privacy news for adtech and martech,
plus occasional company news.
Let's explore what we can do together.
We'll be in touch within 48 hours
[contact-form-7 id="593" title="Schedule a Demo"]
Sub-policy 1
https://sourcepoint.com/privacy-policy:
Website Privacy Policy
Deutsch
|
Français
Last updated: January 2023
SOURCEPOINT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
1. Introduction
This website privacy policy (“Policy”) describes the processing of Personal Data by Sourcepoint Technologies, Inc. (“Sourcepoint”, “we”, “us”, “our”) in connection with the use of our website www.sourcepoint.com (“Website”). This Policy does not cover Personal Data that we process on behalf of our customers when you visit the websites or mobile applications of companies that use our consent management or anti ad block services. That information can be found in our
Sourcepoint Services Privacy Notice
.
This Policy describes:
Who we are (Section 2),
The types of Personal Data that we process and the purposes for which we process Personal Data (Section 3),
How we use Cookies on the Website (Section 4),
With whom we may share your Personal Data (Section 5),
Which security measures we have implemented (Section 6),
Further information for EU Users (Section 7)
Further information for Users in California and Virginia (Section 8)
How you can contact us (Section 9)
We may amend this Policy from time to time by uploading a replacement Policy to the Website.
2. Who We Are
Sourcepoint Technologies, Inc. is a Delaware company. You can contact us by writing to our corporate mailing address in 228 Park Avenue South, #87903, New York, NY 10003-1502, United States or using our contact form under https://sourcepoint.com/connect-page/.
3. Processing Of Your Personal Data
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person or that may be considered “personal data” or “personal information” under applicable privacy or data protection laws. This may include your name, address, email address, or phone number, but can also include IP address, browser type, or previously visited websites.
3.1 Types of Personal Data and Purpose for Processing
In connection with your use of the Website, we process the following Personal Data:
Types Of Personal Data
Why Processed (Purpose)
Information on your use of the Website that your browser automatically sends as a so-called “logfile” to our servers, such as your IP address, information on your device (computer or smartphone), browser, operating system, access time and the URL visited.
To provide the Website to you, improve the Website and for IT security purposes.
Information on your use of the Websites that is tracked via cookies.
See section 4 on cookies and the link provided there for details.
Information that you provide on our career page (Name, email, phone number, if you were referred by your current Sourcepoint employee) and Personal Data relating to your job application that you provide to us via the Websites or in a job interview. This may include your name, contact details, academic curriculum, professional qualifications, professional experience, date of birth, gender, photos and your LinkedIn profile, if you wish to include it in your application. Further, we process Personal Data in connection with the decision of your application.
To evaluate your job application, to contact you regarding your current application and to include you in our talent pool for future vacancies.
Name, email address, job categories and preferred location
To send you job alerts that match your skills.
Name, email address, country, company, the message provided by you in our general contact forms and if you would like to receive a quicker response.
To respond to your inquiry.
Name, email address, country, company, the message provided by you and if you would like to receive a quicker response.
To provide a demo of our services (such as Dialogue Consent Management Platform) to you.
Your email address.
Your IP address, time of sign up and that you clicked on the confirmation link in the confirmation email that we sent you.
Your interactions with the newsletter, in particular, whether you opened our newsletter and which content you have clicked on.
To regularly send you our email newsletter with information on our products as well as the latest privacy and media news.
To document your consent to receive our newsletter.
To optimize our newsletter.
Name, email address, company name and job title.
To identify you and serve targeted Sourcepoint advertisements to you on social media platforms.
3.2. Legal bases for processing and retention of Personal Data
In addition to the information provided in section 3.1 (“Processing Of Your Personal Data”), please find details on the legal bases for the processing your Personal Data (applicable for EU users) and on retention periods below:
Purpose
Legal Basis For Processing (EU users)
Retention period
To provide the Website to you, improve the Website and for IT security purposes.
If the processing of the Personal Data is necessary to provide the Website to you, the legal basis is contractual necessity (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR). Further, we process the Personal Data based on our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR) to provide a secure Website to you and improve our Website.
We retain your data for the time required to ensure IT security, and, where applicable, as required or permitted by statutory law e.g. for financial statements, legal claims or archiving purposes.
Purposes related to cookies as explained in section 4.
See section 4 on cookies and the link provided there for details.
See section 4 on cookies and the link provided there for details.
To evaluate your job application and to contact you regarding your current application and to include you in our talent pool for future vacancies:
Processing of this Personal Data to evaluate your job application is necessary in preparation of the performance of a contract between you and us in connection with a possible employment (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR). We process your Personal Data  to include you in our talent pool for future vacancies only with your consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR). You have the right to opt-out at any time. For more information on your rights, please see “Your Rights” section below.
If your application is successful, we retain the Personal Data for the duration of your employment with us, and beyond, based on statutory retention periods. If we do not employ you, we will delete your Personal Data when accordant time limits for legal actions have lapsed, unless you consented to be included in our talent pool. If you wish to be included in our talent pool, we store your Personal Data for 3 years after you have consented.
To send you job alerts that match your skills
If you subscribe to receiving job alerts via email from us, the processing is based on your consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).You have the right to opt-out from the job alerts at any time. For more information on your rights, please see “Your Rights” section below or the “unsubscribe” function in our job alert emails.
We will process this Personal Data until you opt out/withdraw your consent, and, where applicable, as required or permitted by statutory law, e.g. for financial statements, legal claims or archiving purposes
To respond to your inquiry
Processing of this Personal Data is necessary for the performance of a (quasi-) contract between you and us in connection with your inquiry (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR).
We retain this Personal Data for the time required to respond to your request and, where applicable, as required or permitted by statutory law, e.g. for financial statements, legal claims or archiving purposes.
To provide a demo of our products and services  to you.
Processing of this Personal Data is necessary for the performance of a (quasi-) contract between you and us to provide the demo to you (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR).
We retain this Personal Data for the time required to provide the demo of our services to you and, where applicable, as required or permitted by statutory law, e.g. for financial statements, legal claims or archiving purposes.
To regularly send you our email newsletter with information on our products as well as the latest privacy and media news.
To document your consent to receive our newsletter.
To optimize our newsletter.
If you subscribe to receive news via email from us, the processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).If you are already a customer who has purchased products or services from us, we also process your email address to offer similar products or services to you that may be of interest to you. Such processing is based on our legitimate interests to conduct direct marketing (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR). You have the right to opt-out from marketing at any time. For more information on your rights, please see “Your Rights” section below or the “unsubscribe” function in our marketing emails.
Processing of this Personal Data is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us to provide the newsletter to you (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR).
We only process your newsletter usage data with your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR). You have the right to opt-out at any time. For more information on your rights, please see “Your Rights” section below.
We will process this Personal Data for as long as you show interest in our services and newsletters or until you opt out/withdraw your consent, and, where applicable, as required or permitted by statutory law
e.g. for financial statements, legal claims or archiving purposes.
4. How We Use Cookies
The Website uses cookies and similar technologies, such as pixels or beacons (“Cookies”). These Cookies are used to make it easier for you to use the Website during future visits, authenticate you, remember your preferences, monitor and analyze traffic on our Website, personalize the content of the Website for you, measure ad and content performance, and create personalized content profiles. Please read more about the Cookies we use on the Website in our Cookie preferences, which is accessed in the GDPR Privacy Settings at the bottom of the page. You can always (when first visiting our Website and on every visit thereafter) accept or decline the use of the Cookies on our Website in the GDPR Privacy Settings by (1) clicking on “Accept All” or “Reject All buttons” or (2) moving the switch next to the Cookies to “on” or “off” and clicking on “Save & Exit”. You can also modify your Cookie choices in your browser settings. If you decline the use of Cookies, we may not be able to provide certain functionalities to you.
5. Recipients Of Your Personal Data
5.1 Service providers
We share information with vendors who assist us with providing the Website, for example with hosting the Website, sending newsletters, storing data in clouds, website tracking (cookies and similar technologies), and processing your job applications.  In some cases, we authorize these vendors to collect data on our behalf. We have carefully selected these service providers and concluded data processing agreements with them, if required by applicable data protection laws.
5.2 Transfers to third parties
We may disclose your Personal Data:
To certain social media platforms to enable us to identify you and serve targeted Sourcepoint advertisements to you on such social media platforms. This may include your name, email address, company name and job title.
If required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of us or our employees, or of other users of the Website. We process your Personal Data for these purposes either to comply with legal obligations or based on our legitimate interests in safeguarding us and others;
To potential purchasers or investors (and their advisers) on the sale of the whole or any related part of our business and/or assets. Depending on the transaction such transfers may be based on our legitimate interests to conclude the transaction or as disclosure is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.
6. Security Measures
We employ security measures to protect your Personal Data from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.
The transmission of information using Wi-Fi networks and cellular data networks may not be completely secure. Although we will use reasonable methods to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to us using the Website and any such transmission is made at your own risk.
7. Further information for EU Users
The following additional information and rights only apply to users who visit the Website from the EU/EEA.
7.1 Recipients outside the EU/EEA
Some of the recipients listed in section 5 may be located outside the European Union/the European Economic Area. In such cases, we use safeguard to establish an adequate data protection level in the third country, such as standard contractual clauses or binding corporate rules. You may ask to receive a copy of the safeguard by contacting us as described in the “Questions And Contact Details” section below.
7.2 Your Rights
You have the following rights in relation to the Personal Data we hold about you, given that the accordant preconditions are fulfilled:
Right of access
:
If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification
:
If the Personal Data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified or completed. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the rectification where possible.
Right to erasure
:
You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it or you withdraw your consent (where applicable). If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the erasure where possible.
Right to restrict processing
:
You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances such as where you contest the accuracy of that Personal Data or object to us processing it (but not continuing to store it). We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the restriction where possible.
Right to data portability
:
You have the right to obtain Personal Data you have provided to us, that we are processing based on your consent or because necessary to perform a contract with you, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object
:
You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so, if we are relying on our own or someone else’s legitimate interests to process your Personal Data, except if we can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for the; or processing your Personal Data for direct marketing.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling
:
You have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based solely on automated processing, including profiling, and it produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you unless such profiling is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us.
Right to withdraw consent
:
If we rely on your consent as our legal basis for processing your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority
:
If you have a concern about any aspect of our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
EU users may exercise their rights by completing this
form
.
7.3 EU representative
Data subjects in the EU may also contact our office in Germany by writing to Sourcepoint GmbH, Friedrichstrasse. 68, 10117, Berlin, Germany.
8. Further information for Users in California, Virginia, Colorado, or Connecticut
The following additional information and rights only apply to residents of California, Virginia, Colorado, or Connecticut who visit the Website.
8.1 Your Rights
Depending on where you reside, you may have the following rights in relation to the Personal Data we hold about you, given that the accordant preconditions are fulfilled:
Right of disclosure:
If you ask us, we will confirm (no more than twice in a 12-month period) what (if any) Personal Data about you that we collect, use, disclose, share or sell during the preceding year. You may request the following information:
Specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you;
Categories of Personal Data that we’ve collected about you;
Categories of sources from which we collected Personal Data about you;
Categories of Personal Data that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you;
Categories of third parties to whom Personal Data about you was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling Personal Data about you.
Right to correction:
If the Personal Data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it corrected or completed. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the rectification where possible.
Right to deletion:
You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data in some circumstances. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the deletion request where possible.
Right to opt out of sharing / targeted advertising:
We do not consider that our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties constitutes a “Sale” of Personal Data under applicable U.S. data protection laws. However, you may ask us at any time to stop “sharing” your Personal Data with third party social media platforms for purposes of identifying you and serving targeted Sourcepoint advertisements to you on such social media platforms.
Right of non-discrimination:
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of the above rights.
California, Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut users may exercise their rights by completing this
form
or by emailing us at privacy@sourcepoint.com.
Virginia residents may appeal the denial of a request by emailing us at
privacy@sourcepoint.com
.
9. Questions And Contact Details
If you have any questions about this Policy or our data processing practices, you can contact us using the contact details available at https://sourcepoint.com/connect-page/, by writing to Sourcepoint Technologies, Inc., 228 Park Avenue South, #87903, New York, NY 10003 -1502, USA, or, if you are located in the EU, to our German office named in section 7.3.
If you would like to review further information on Sourcepoint’s processing of Personal Data as a data processor or service provider in connection with the use of our services Dialogue Consent Management Platform and Anti Adblock, please visit our
Privacy Notice – Sourcepoint Services
.
Keep in touch
Sign up for our newsletter to keep up with privacy news for adtech and martech,
plus occasional company news.
Let's explore what we can do together.
We'll be in touch within 48 hours
[contact-form-7 id="593" title="Schedule a Demo"]
Sub-policy 2
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/mccs/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms: Standard Contractual Clauses
Index of Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) used in connection with the Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms.
Table of Contents
SCCs (Controller-to-Controller)
business.safety.google/adscontrollerterms/sccs/c2c
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 4
https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy:
Application error: a client-side exception has occurred (see the browser console for more information).
Sub-policy 5
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://policy.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy:
Richtlinie
AGB
Datenschutz
Community
Händler
Werbung
Entwickler
Copyright
Schutzmarke
Durchsetzung
Transparenz
Gesprächsaufzeichnungen
Hinweis für Nutzer anderer Plattformen
Datenschutzrichtlinien
Wir aktualisieren unsere Datenschutzrichtlinien. Diese Aktualisierung tritt am 30. April 2025 in Kraft. Eine Vorschau auf die aktualisierten Datenschutzrichtlinien findest du
hier
.
California Privacy Statement
Nutzer*innen in Kalifornien finden das California Privacy Statement und die Notice at Collection
hier
.
Zusammenfassung der Änderungen
Wir tun unser Bestes, um unsere Verwendung personenbezogener Daten transparent und deine Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten leicht verständlich zu machen. Wir haben zusätzliche Details zu den personenbezogenen Daten hinzugefügt, die wir erfassen, sowie Informationen dazu, wie wir sie möglicherweise weitergeben.
Vielen Dank für die Verwendung von Pinterest.
Wir möchten alle dazu inspirieren, ihr Leben so zu gestalten, wie sie es lieben. Dazu zeigen wir dir personalisierte Inhalte und Anzeigen, von denen wir aufgrund von Daten, die wir von dir und Dritten erfassen, annehmen, dass sie dich interessieren.
Wir haben diese Richtlinien verfasst, um dir klar zu machen, welche Daten wir erfassen, wie wir sie verwenden und welche Auswahlmöglichkeiten du hast. Einige der folgenden Konzepte sind ein wenig technisch, aber wir haben unser Bestes getan, um die Dinge in einfachen Worten verständlich zu erklären.
Geltungsbereich der Datenschutzrichtlinien
Dies sind die globalen Datenschutzrichtlinien von Pinterest. Wir haben unten hervorgehoben, wo ein bestimmter Abschnitt basierend auf deinem Wohnort auf dich zutrifft.
Im Sinne der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung der EU („
DSGVO
“) sind Pinterest Europe Ltd. und Pinterest, Inc. gemeinsam für die Verarbeitung deiner personenbezogenen Daten verantwortlich, falls du im EWR, in der Schweiz oder im Vereinigten Königreich wohnhaft bist. Pinterest Europe Ltd. ist ein irisches Unternehmen mit Sitz in Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Irland. Pinterest, Inc. ist ein US-amerikanisches Unternehmen mit Sitz in 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd. ist der Datenverantwortliche, der DSGVO-Verpflichtungen unterliegt. Falls du Fragen zur Datenverarbeitung durch uns hast, wende dich an unseren
Datenschutzbeauftragten
.
Wir sammeln Informationen auf verschiedene Weisen:
1. Wenn du uns diese Informationen gibst oder uns die Erlaubnis gibst, diese abzurufen.
Wenn du die Pinterest-Webseite, -Apps, -Dienste, -Technologien, -APIs, -Widgets oder andere von uns angebotene
Produkte
oder Funktionen („Pinterest“ oder die „Dienste“) nutzt, gibst du freiwillig bestimmte Daten an.
Kontodaten
: Wenn du dich für unsere Dienste registrierst, erfassen wir Daten wie deinen Namen, deine E-Mail-Adresse, dein Geburtsdatum, dein Geschlecht, das Land, in dem du lebst, deine Interessen und deine bevorzugte Sprache. Bei einem Unternehmenskonto hast du abhängig von deinem Wohnort auch die Möglichkeit, deine ethnische Zugehörigkeit in deinem Profil anzugeben.
Inhalte
: Wir erheben Daten, wenn du Pins, Fotos oder andere Inhalte speicherst oder hochlädst, mit Pins oder anderen Inhalten interagierst (z. B. Kommentare hinterlässt oder Pins hinzufügst) oder wenn du Nachrichten sendest und mit anderen Nutzenden interagierst.
Genaue Standortdaten
: Abhängig von deinem Wohnort kannst du in den Einstellungen deines Geräts festlegen, ob du deinen genauen Standort freigeben möchtest.
Deine Kommunikation mit uns
: Wenn du unseren Kundenservice kontaktierst oder anderweitig mit uns kommunizierst, erfassen wir den Inhalt dieser Kommunikation.
Deine Kontakte
: Falls du dich in der Vergangenheit dafür entschieden hast, deine Kontakte mit deinem Konto zu synchronisieren, verarbeiten wir weiterhin bestimmte Daten bezüglich deiner Kontakte, die Pinterest nutzen, um euch dabei zu helfen, euch gegenseitig auf unseren Diensten zu finden.
2. Wir erhalten auch technische Informationen, wenn du Pinterest nutzt.
Wenn du eine Webseite, eine Handy-App oder sonstige Internetdienste verwendest, werden bestimmte Internet- und Netzwerkaktivitäten automatisch erstellt und aufgezeichnet. Dies ist auch bei der Benutzung von Pinterest der Fall. Im Folgenden findest du eine Aufstellung einiger Arten von Informationen, die wir erheben:
Gerätedaten
: Wir erfassen Daten über das Gerät, das du für den Zugriff auf unsere Dienste verwendest, einschließlich der Art des Geräts, des Betriebssystems, des Netzwerkdienstanbieters, der Einstellungen und der eindeutigen Gerätekennungen.
Protokolldaten
: Wenn du unsere Dienste nutzt, erfassen unsere Server Daten („Protokolldaten“). Darunter sind Daten, die dein Browser automatisch sendet, wenn du eine Webseite besuchst, bzw. die die Mobilgeräte-App automatisch sendet, wenn du sie nutzt. Zu diesen Protokolldaten gehören deine IP-Adresse, Aktivitäten auf Webseiten, die du besuchst und auf denen Pinterest-Funktionen (wie der „Merken“-Button) integriert sind, Browsertyp und -einstellungen sowie Datum und Uhrzeit deines Zugriffs auf die Dienste.
Hier erfährst du mehr über die von uns erhobenen Protokolldaten.
Daten von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
: Wir verwenden auch sogenannte Cookies oder ähnliche Technologien, um Protokolldaten zu erhalten. Beispielsweise verwenden wir Cookies, um deine Spracheinstellungen oder andere Einstellungen zu speichern, damit du sie nicht jedes Mal einrichten musst, wenn du Pinterest aufrufst. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Cookies verwenden, findest du in unseren
Cookie-Richtlinien
.
Nutzungsdaten und Rückschlüsse
. Wenn du unsere Dienste nutzt, nutzen wir deine Aktivitäten (z. B. auf welche Pins du klickst, nach welchen Begriffen du suchst, Pinnwände, die du erstellst, und Text, den du in einem Kommentar oder einer Beschreibung verfasst) und andere Daten, die du bei deiner Registrierung angegeben hast, sowie Daten von unseren Partnern und Werbetreibenden, um Rückschlüsse auf dich und deine Vorlieben zu ziehen. Wenn du zum Beispiel eine Pinnwand zum Thema Reisen erstellst, schlussfolgern wir daraus, dass du gerne reist. Wir könnten auch Schlüsse über andere Dinge ziehen, z. B. deine Ausbildung oder Berufserfahrung.
Standortdaten
: Wir verwenden deine IP-Adresse, um deinen ungefähren Standort zu ermitteln, auch wenn du deinen genauen Standort nicht freigegeben hast. Außerdem enthalten Fotos, die du teilst, unter Umständen Daten dazu, wo sie aufgenommen wurden.
Nutzerentscheidungen
: Wir speichern von dir vorgenommene Einstellungen beispielsweise zum Datenschutz oder zu Benachrichtigungen.
3. Unsere Partner und Werbetreibenden können Informationen mit uns teilen.
Darüber hinaus erhalten wir von mit uns verbundenen Unternehmen, Werbetreibenden, Partnern und anderen Dritten, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, Daten über dich und deine Aktivitäten abseits von Pinterest. Zum Beispiel:
Drittanbieterplattformen
: Wenn du dich über eine Drittanbieterplattform (wie Facebook oder Google) für unsere Dienste registrierst bzw. bei ihnen anmeldest, erhalten wir von der jeweiligen Plattform bestimmte Daten zu dir, damit wir dein Konto für dich erstellen bzw. dir die Anmeldung bei uns ermöglichen können. Falls du
deine Drittanbieterkonten mit unseren Diensten verknüpfst
, sind wir zudem berechtigt, Daten aus diesen Konten zur Verbesserung deines Erlebnisses zu verwenden. Des Weiteren werden in einigen Apps von Drittanbietern Pinterest-Funktionen wie der „Merken“-Button verwendet oder vielleicht hast du unseren „Merken“-Button in deinem Browser installiert. In diesem Fall erfassen wir Protokolldaten von diesen Webseiten bzw. Apps, einschließlich Nutzungsdaten.
Technische Servicepartner
: Manchmal erhalten wir von technischen Servicepartnern Daten zu deiner Person. Dazu zählen unter anderem Marketingunternehmen.
Werbetreibende oder andere Partner
: Onlinewerbetreibende oder Dritte geben Daten zu deiner Person an uns weiter, um die Performance von Anzeigen auf Pinterest zu messen, zu melden oder zu verbessern bzw. zu entscheiden, welche Arten von Anzeigen wir dir auf Pinterest anzeigen wollen. Beispielsweise erhalten wir Daten zu deinen Besuchen auf der Webseite eines Werbetreibenden bzw. zu Käufen, die du bei ihm getätigt hast, oder Daten von einem Drittanbieterdienst zu deinen Interessen, die wir dazu verwenden könnten, um dir Anzeigen in unserem Dienst anzuzeigen. Manchmal erhalten wir diese Daten vom Pinterest-Tag (einem Codeschnipsel, den ein Werbetreibender in seine Webseite integriert), das uns und unseren Werbetreibenden Erkenntnisse zu Aktionen liefert, die Nutzende auf ihren Webseiten ausführen, nachdem sie sich im Rahmen der Nutzung unserer Dienste eine Anzeige angesehen haben.
Hier erfährst du mehr über das Pinterest-Tag
und darüber, welche Arten von Daten Werbetreibende oder andere Dritte an uns weitergeben.
Wie wir diese Daten verwenden, um deinen Feed und die Anzeigen, die du auf Pinterest siehst, individuell anzupassen, legst du in deinen Einstellungen unter
Datenschutz und Daten
fest.
Wie wir die erfassten Daten verwenden
Wir bemühen uns, dir Inhalte anzuzeigen, die für dich relevant und interessant sowie auf dich zugeschnitten sind. In diesem Sinne verwenden wir deine Daten, um dir den Dienst bereitzustellen und ihn zu verbessern, z. B.:
Um dich zu identifizieren, wenn du unsere Dienste verwendest.
Um dir Pins, Pinnwände oder Inhalte zu empfehlen, die dir basierend auf deinen Aktivitäten im Rahmen der Nutzung unserer Dienste und deinem Verhalten abseits davon gefallen könnten. Wenn wir beispielsweise feststellen, dass dir Inhalte zum Thema Kochen gefallen, empfehlen wir dir Pins zum Thema Essen. Und wenn du Webseiten besuchst, die E-Gitarren verkaufen, könnten wir dir Pins zu Gitarren vorschlagen. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir dir Inhalte empfehlen, findest du in unseren
AGB
.
Um auf deine Fragen und Kommentare zu antworten.
Um unsere Community auf unseren Diensten auszubauen. Wir verwenden deine Daten, um andere Nutzende mit ähnlichen Interessen vorzuschlagen. Wenn du beispielsweise Pinnwänden zum Thema Innenarchitektur folgst, schlagen wir dir vielleicht Innenarchitekten vor, die dir gefallen könnten. Außerdem verwenden wir Daten, um deinen Freund*innen und Kontakten zu helfen, dich auf Pinterest zu finden. Beispielsweise erlauben wir Nutzenden, anhand deiner E-Mail-Adresse auf Pinterest nach deinem Konto zu suchen. Falls du dich in der Vergangenheit dafür entschieden hast, deine Kontakte mit deinem Konto zu synchronisieren, verarbeiten wir bestimmte Daten bezüglich deiner Kontakte, die Pinterest nutzen, um dir zu helfen, sie auf unseren Diensten zu finden.
Um (mit deiner Erlaubnis) die Suche mit Fotos zu ermöglichen. Wenn du beispielsweise ein Foto von einem Paar Schuhe oder einem Möbelstück machst, das dir gefällt, kannst du uns bitten, dir ähnliche Artikel zu zeigen. Diese Option musst du erst in den Einstellungen des Betriebssystems deines Geräts aktivieren.
Um abhängig von deinem Wohnort und deiner Zustimmung deinen genauen Standort zu erfassen, um wiederum dein Erlebnis bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste entsprechend anzupassen. Wenn wir beispielsweise wissen, dass du dich in der Nähe eines Einzelhändlers aufhältst, zeigen wir dir möglicherweise Pins von diesem Einzelhändler, die für dich interessant sein könnten. Diese Option kannst du in den Einstellungen des Betriebssystems deines Geräts aktivieren bzw. deaktivieren.
Um dir per E-Mail, Push-Benachrichtigung, SMS oder Telefon Neuigkeiten zu senden. Du kannst jederzeit das Abonnement unserer Werbe-E-Mails beenden und
andere Benachrichtigungen deaktivieren
. Das geht in den
Einstellungen
.
Wir nutzen deine Daten, um unsere Dienste zu verbessern sowie sowohl unsere Nutzenden und die Öffentlichkeit als auch rechtliche Interessen zu schützen. Dazu tun wir Folgendes:
Wir prüfen deine Aktivitäten und Nachrichten im Rahmen der Nutzung unserer Dienste, um Spam oder andere Aktivitäten zu erkennen, die ein Risiko für unsere Community oder die Öffentlichkeit darstellen. Das kann auch bedeuten, mit Strafverfolgungsbehörden zusammenzuarbeiten, um die Sicherheit von Pinterest zu gewährleisten.
Wir analysieren Protokoll- und Gerätedaten von Nutzenden, um verdächtiges Verhalten oder Verstöße gegen unsere Richtlinien oder AGB zu identifizieren und zu untersuchen.
Wir führen ggf. eine
Altersverifizierung
durch. Dies kann eine Schätzung des Alters anhand des Gesichts und einen Abgleich mit einem amtlichen Ausweis umfassen.
Wir greifen unter Umständen im Falle von gesetzlichen Ansprüchen, Rechtsstreitigkeiten oder rechtlichen Verfahren auf Nutzerdaten zu.
Wir betreiben Analysen und Recherchen dazu, wer unsere Dienste wie nutzt. Wenn wir beispielsweise protokollieren, wie oft Nutzende zwei verschiedene Versionen einer Funktion auf Pinterest verwenden, können wir nachvollziehen, welche Version besser ist.
Wir verbessern die Produkte und Dienste unserer Unternehmensfamilie und bieten neue Funktionen an. Beispielsweise nutzen wir Daten, um technologische Lösungen wie Machine-Learning-Modelle zu trainieren, zu entwickeln und zu verbessern.
Wir aggregieren Daten bzw. entfernen identifizierende Merkmale, um zu verhindern, dass die Daten verwendet werden, um dich zu identifizieren. Pinterest verarbeitet, speichert und nutzt diese Daten mit Blick auf die vorliegenden Datenschutzrichtlinien nur auf eine Art und Weise, die keine Rückschlüsse auf Einzelpersonen zulässt, und versucht auch nicht, diesen Daten Einzelpersonen zuzuordnen.
Außerdem verwenden wir deine Daten, um die Anzeigen, die wir dir zeigen, zu personalisieren.
Konkret verwenden wir die von uns erfassten Daten, um Folgendes zu tun:
Wir entscheiden, welche Anzeigen wir dir direkt auf Pinterest zeigen.
Abhängig davon, wo du wohnst
, präsentieren wir dir auch Anzeigen durch unsere Partner. Wenn du beispielsweise auf Pinterest Interesse an Campingzelten zeigst oder auf der Webseite eines unserer Partner nach Schlafsäcken suchst, präsentieren wir dir unter Umständen Anzeigen für andere Outdoor-Produkte. Wir präsentieren dir individuell angepasste Anzeigen, indem wir deine Interessen anhand deiner Aktivitäten auf unserer Webseite und anderen Seiten und aufgrund von Informationen ermitteln, die wir von Werbekunden oder Dritten erhalten. Wenn wir Cookies zur Identifizierung deiner Interessen abseits der Plattform verwenden, holen wir deine Zustimmung ein, wenn das erforderlich ist.
Um dir auf anderen Webseiten bzw. in anderen Apps Werbung zu Pinterest-Produkten und -Diensten zu zeigen. Zu diesem Zweck geben wir Daten wie Cookie-IDs, deine IP-Adresse oder eine verschlüsselte (gehashte) Version deiner E-Mail-Adresse an Dritte weiter, z. B. an Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform und andere, die diese Daten mit anderen Daten, die ihnen bereits über dich vorliegen, kombinieren und Anzeigen über Pinterest an dich ausspielen können.
Hier findest du weitere Informationen zu unseren Marketingpraktiken abseits von Pinterest und wie du widersprechen (Opt-out) kannst.
Um unsere Werbetreibenden über die Leistung ihrer Anzeigen auf Pinterest zu informieren und darüber, wie sie sie steigern können. Zu diesem Zweck geben wir Daten über die Anzeigen, die dir auf Pinterest angezeigt werden oder mit denen du interagierst, an unsere Werbetreibenden und Drittunternehmen weiter, um die Leistung der Anzeigen zu verbessern, die wir oder sie verwenden, um die Auslieferung und Leistung von Anzeigen oder Inhalten auf Webseiten und in Apps zu prüfen bzw. zu verbessern. Einige dieser Daten werden aggregiert. Beispielsweise würden wir einem Werbetreibenden melden, dass ein bestimmter Prozentsatz der Nutzenden, die sich einen Pin angesehen haben, seine Webseite besucht hat. Abhängig von deinem Wohnort und deinen Einstellungen sind wir außerdem berechtigt, diese Daten auch an Einzelpersonen weiterzugeben. Beispielsweise würden wir einen Werbetreibenden darüber in Kenntnis setzen, dass sich bestimmte Nutzende einen bestimmten Pin gemerkt haben. Weitere Informationen zur Berichterstattung zu Anzeigen findest du im
Help Center
.
Einige dieser Aktivitäten könnten „gezielte Werbung“, „Weitergabe“ oder „Verkauf“ im Sinne bestimmter Datenschutzgesetze einzelner US-Bundesstaaten darstellen. Du kannst der Verarbeitung und Weitergabe deiner Daten durch Pinterest zu diesen Zwecken widersprechen. Das geht in deinen
Datenschutz- und Dateneinstellungen
.
Wenn wir Cookies verwenden, um etwas über dein Verhalten bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste oder abseits davon zu erfahren, holen wir oder unsere Partner die Zustimmung ein, die wir nach geltendem Recht benötigen. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Cookies verwenden, findest du in unseren
Cookie-Richtlinien
.
Zusätzliche Informationen für betroffene Personen aus dem EWR, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich: Rechtsgrundlagen für unsere Verwendung deiner Daten
Der nachstehende Abschnitt gilt nur für im EWR, in der Schweiz und im Vereinigten Königreich wohnhafte Personen. Gemäß geltendem Datenschutzrecht in Europa (z. B. DSGVO) benötigen Unternehmen eine Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung deiner Daten zu den verschiedenen in den vorliegenden Datenschutzrichtlinien beschriebenen Zwecken.
Zudem hast du abhängig von der von uns angegebenen Rechtsgrundlage bestimmte Rechte. Diese haben wir unten erläutert.
Wir verwenden Daten auf Basis berechtigter Interessen.
Wir stützen uns auf unsere berechtigten Interessen oder die eines Dritten, falls deine Interessen und Grundrechte nicht wichtiger sind.
Um dir Inhalte anzuzeigen, die für dich relevant und interessant sind, tun wir Folgendes:
Um dich zu identifizieren, wenn du unsere Dienste verwendest.
Wir empfehlen dir Pins, Pinnwände, Themen oder Inhalte, die dir basierend auf deinen Aktivitäten im Rahmen der Nutzung unserer Dienste gefallen könnten. Wenn du beispielsweise mit Inhalten zum Thema Kochen interagierst, empfehlen wir dir Pins und Pinnwände zum Thema Essen.
Wir passen dein Erlebnis auf Pinterest an dein Verhalten abseits der Plattform an. Wenn du beispielsweise Webseiten besuchst, die E-Gitarren verkaufen, könnten wir dir Pins zu Gitarren vorschlagen.
Berechtigte Interessen, auf die wir uns stützen
Es liegt in unserem Interesse und im Interesse der Nutzenden von Pinterest, ein personalisiertes, einzigartiges und relevantes Angebot zu erhalten, denn aus diesem Grund nutzen die Nutzenden den Dienst.
Kategorien verwendeter Daten
Kontodaten (ausgenommen ethnische Zugehörigkeit)
Inhalt
Standortdaten
Protokolldaten
Cookie-Daten sowie Daten von ähnlichen Technologien (Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Cookies verwenden, findest du in unseren
Cookie-Richtlinien
.)
Gerätedaten
Nutzungsdaten und Rückschlüsse
Nutzerentscheidungen
Daten aus anderen Quellen (Drittanbieterplattformen, technische Servicepartner, Werbetreibende und andere Partner)
Um unsere Community auf unseren Diensten auszubauen, tun wir Folgendes:
Das Empehlen von anderen Pinterest-Nutzern mit ähnlichen Interessen. Wenn du beispielsweise Pinnwänden über Innenausstattung folgst, schlagen wir dir Innendesigner vor, deren Arbeit dir gefallen könnte.
Deinen Freunden und Kontakten helfen, dich auf Pinterest zu finden: Wenn du dich beispielsweise mit einem Facebook-Konto registrierst, können wir deinen Facebook-Freund*innen helfen, dich auf Pinterest zu finden, wenn sie sich bei Pinterest registrieren. Außerdem erlauben wir Nutzenden, anhand deiner E-Mail-Adresse auf Pinterest nach deinem Konto zu suchen. Wenn du deine Kontakte mit deinem Pinterest-Konto synchronisierst, greifen wir auf die Kontakte zu, die du auf deinem Gerät gespeichert hast, um dir zu zeigen, welche deiner Kontakte unsere Dienste nutzen.
Berechtigte Interessen, auf die wir uns stützen
Es liegt in unserem Interesse, dir dabei zu helfen, dir möglicherweise bekannte Verbindungen herzustellen, um dir einen relevanten und einzigartigen Dienst anzubieten.
Kategorien verwendeter Daten
Kontodaten (ausgenommen ethnische Zugehörigkeit)
Inhalt
Standortdaten
Deine Kontakte
Protokolldaten
Cookie-Daten sowie Daten von ähnlichen Technologien (Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Cookies verwenden, findest du in unseren
Cookie-Richtlinien
.)
Gerätedaten
Nutzungsdaten und Rückschlüsse
Nutzerentscheidungen
Daten aus anderen Quellen (Drittanbieterplattformen, technische Servicepartner, Werbetreibende und andere Partner)
Um Pinterest zu schützen, tun wir Folgendes:
Mit Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Forschungseinrichtungen zusammenarbeiten, damit Pinterest sicher bleibt. Es kann vorkommen, dass Kontoinformationen von Strafverfolgungsbehörden wie der Polizei oder Gerichten oder von Forschenden, die Aktivitäten auf Pinterest untersuchen möchten, angefordert werden. Weitere Informationen über unseren Umgang mit entsprechenden Anforderungen findest du in den
Richtlinien zu Strafverfolgungsbehörden
.
Protokoll- und Gerätedaten von Nutzenden analysieren, um verdächtiges Verhalten oder Verstöße gegen unsere Richtlinien oder AGB zu identifizieren und zu untersuchen.
Deine Aktivitäten und Nachrichten im Rahmen der Nutzung unserer Dienste prüfen, um Spam oder Aktivitäten zu erkennen, die die Sicherheit deiner Person, unserer Community und/oder der Öffentlichkeit gefährden.
Altersverifizierungen durchführen. Dies kann eine Schätzung des Alters anhand des Gesichts und einen Abgleich mit einem amtlichen Ausweis umfassen.
Berechtigte Interessen, auf die wir uns stützen
Es liegt in unserem Interesse und im Interesse der Nutzenden von Pinterest, die Systeme von Pinterest zu sichern und Spam, Bedrohungen, Missbrauch oder Verstöße zu bekämpfen und die Sicherheit auf Pinterest zu gewährleisten.
Zudem liegt es in unserem Interesse und im Interesse anderer Nutzender, dafür zu sorgen, dass unsere Dienste gemäß unseren AGB verwendet werden.
Kategorien verwendeter Daten
Welche Daten wir tatsächlich verwenden, hängt von den jeweiligen Umständen ab. Wir sind jedoch prinzipiell berechtigt, folgende Daten zu verwenden:
Kontodaten (ausgenommen ethnische Zugehörigkeit)
Inhalt
Standortdaten
Deine Kommunikation mit uns
Protokolldaten
Cookie-Daten sowie Daten von ähnlichen Technologien (Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Cookies verwenden, findest du in unseren
Cookie-Richtlinien
.)
Gerätedaten
Nutzungsdaten und Rückschlüsse
Nutzerentscheidungen
Daten aus anderen Quellen (Drittanbieterplattformen, technische Servicepartner, Werbetreibende und andere Partner)
Um unsere Dienste zu verbessern und weiterzuentwickeln, tun wir Folgendes:
Das Durchführen von Analysen und Studien über Nutzer und ihre Verwendung von Pinterest. Zum Beispiel überprüfen wir, wie oft Personen zwei unterschiedliche Versionen einer Funktion auf Pinterest nutzen, woraus wir Schlüsse ziehen können, welche Version besser ist.
Wir verbessern die Produkte und Dienste unserer Unternehmensfamilie und bieten neue Funktionen an. Beispielsweise nutzen wir Daten, um technologische Lösungen wie Machine-Learning-Modelle zu trainieren, zu entwickeln und zu verbessern. Einige dieser Daten werden möglicherweise in aggregierter Form oder ohne identifizierende Merkmale verwendet.
Berechtigte Interessen, auf die wir uns stützen
Es liegt in unserem Interesse und im Interesse der Nutzenden von Pinterest, dass wir den Dienst in auf fundierte Art und Weise verbessern, bewerben und weiterentwickeln.
Kategorien verwendeter Daten
Kontodaten (ausgenommen ethnische Zugehörigkeit)
Inhalt
Standortdaten
Deine Kommunikation mit uns
Protokolldaten
Cookie-Daten sowie Daten von ähnlichen Technologien (Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Cookies verwenden, findest du in unseren
Cookie-Richtlinien
.)
Gerätedaten
Nutzungsdaten und Rückschlüsse
Nutzerentscheidungen
Daten aus anderen Quellen (Drittanbieterplattformen, technische Servicepartner, Werbetreibende und andere Partner)
Um rechtliche Beratungen in Anspruch zu nehmen oder Pinterest bei Rechtsstreitigkeiten oder anderen Konflikten zu schützen, tun wir Folgendes:
Wir speichern Daten und geben sie weiter, wenn wir rechtliche Beratung in Anspruch nehmen oder uns im Rahmen von Rechtsstreitigkeiten oder anderen Konflikten schützen. Das umfasst Verstöße gegen unsere AGB und Richtlinien.
Berechtigte Interessen, auf die wir uns stützen
Es liegt in unserem Interesse und im Interesse der Nutzenden von Pinterest, auf Beschwerden zu reagieren und Betrug, unbefugte Nutzung von Pinterest, Verstöße gegen unsere AGB und Richtlinien sowie andere schädliche oder illegale Aktivitäten zu verhindern und zu bekämpfen.
Es liegt in unserem Interesse, rechtliche Beratungen einzuholen und uns selbst (einschließlich unserer Rechte, unseres Personals, unseres Eigentums oder unserer Produkte), unsere Nutzenden oder andere zu schützen, auch im Rahmen von Ermittlungen oder behördlichen Anfragen und Rechtsstreitigkeiten oder anderen Konflikten.
Kategorien verwendeter Daten
Welche Daten wir tatsächlich verwenden, hängt von den jeweiligen Umständen ab. Wir sind jedoch prinzipiell berechtigt, folgende Daten zu verwenden:
Kontodaten (ausgenommen ethnische Zugehörigkeit)
Inhalt
Standortdaten
Deine Kommunikation mit uns
Protokolldaten
Cookie-Daten sowie Daten von ähnlichen Technologien (Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Cookies verwenden, findest du in unseren
Cookie-Richtlinien
.)
Gerätedaten
Nutzungsdaten und Rückschlüsse
Nutzerentscheidungen
Daten aus anderen Quellen (Drittanbieterplattformen, technische Servicepartner, Werbetreibende und andere Partner)
Um mit dir zu kommunizieren, tun wir Folgendes:
Um auf deine Fragen und Kommentare zu antworten.
Wir senden dir Benachrichtigungen (z. B. über bestimmte Aktivitäten wie „Merken“-Aktionen oder Kommentare auf Pinterest) und Neuigkeiten je nach Einstellung per E-Mail oder Push-Benachrichtigung. Beispielsweise benachrichtigen wir dich wöchentlich über Pins, die dir gefallen könnten. Abhängig von deinem Wohnort kann dies Marketing umfassen. In bestimmten Fällen holen wir deine Zustimmung ein. Du kannst die
Benachrichtigungen
in den
Einstellungen
deaktivieren.
Berechtigte Interessen, auf die wir uns stützen
Es liegt in unserem Interesse und im Interesse der Nutzenden von Pinterest, unseren Kundenservice stets zu verbessern und weiterzuentwickeln.
Es liegt in unserem Interesse und im Interesse der Nutzenden von Pinterest, zu erfahren, welche neuen Funktionen und Elemente für sie interessant wären.
Kategorien verwendeter Daten
Kontodaten (ausgenommen ethnische Zugehörigkeit)
Inhalt
Standortdaten
Deine Kommunikation mit uns
Protokolldaten
Cookie-Daten sowie Daten von ähnlichen Technologien (Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Cookies verwenden, findest du in unseren
Cookie-Richtlinien
.)
Gerätedaten
Nutzungsdaten und Rückschlüsse
Nutzerentscheidungen
Daten aus anderen Quellen (Drittanbieterplattformen, technische Servicepartner, Werbetreibende und andere Partner)
Um im Rahmen unserer Dienste relevante, interessante und personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen, tun wir Folgendes:
Wir entscheiden auf Basis von Daten aus unseren Diensten, welche Werbung wir dir anzeigen. Wenn du beispielsweise auf Pinterest Interesse an Campingzelten zeigst, präsentieren wir dir unter Umständen Anzeigen für andere Outdoor-Produkte.
Berechtigte Interessen, auf die wir uns stützen
Es liegt in unserem Interesse und im Interesse der Nutzenden von Pinterest, dass sie relevante und interessante Anzeigen für Produkte oder Dienste erhalten, an denen sie interessiert sind, anstatt zufällig ausgewählte und generische Anzeigen zu erhalten, an denen sie möglicherweise kein Interesse haben. Dies ist zudem die Hauptfinanzierungsquelle des Dienstes, durch die Pinterest den Dienst seinen Nutzenden kostenlos zur Verfügung stellen und dabei Einnahmen generieren kann.
Kategorien verwendeter Daten
Kontodaten (ausgenommen ethnische Zugehörigkeit)
Inhalt
Standortdaten
Deine Kommunikation mit uns
Protokolldaten
Cookie-Daten sowie Daten von ähnlichen Technologien (Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Cookies verwenden, findest du in unseren
Cookie-Richtlinien
.)
Gerätedaten
Nutzungsdaten und Rückschlüsse
Nutzerentscheidungen
Daten aus anderen Quellen (Drittanbieterplattformen, technische Servicepartner, Werbetreibende und andere Partner)
Um die Leistung von Anzeigen messen und analysieren zu können, tun wir Folgendes:
Wir verwenden aggregierte Daten von unseren Messungsanbietern, um unseren Werbetreibenden die Leistung ihrer Anzeige auf Pinterest zu erläutern und ihnen zu erklären, wie sie sie verbessern können. Beispielsweise würden wir einem Werbetreibenden melden, dass ein bestimmter Prozentsatz der Nutzenden, die sich einen Pin angesehen haben, seine Webseite besucht hat. Weitere Informationen zur Berichterstattung zu Anzeigen findest du im
Help Center
.
Berechtigte Interessen, auf die wir uns stützen
Es liegt in unserem Interesse, Unternehmenskonten und Werbetreibenden zu ermöglichen, die Leistung ihrer Anzeigen oder Inhalte sowie die Zielgruppe, die ihre Anzeigen oder Inhalte angesehen oder mit ihnen interagiert hat, anzuzeigen und zu verstehen. Auf diese Weise können sie fundierte Entscheidungen treffen (z. B. darüber, welche Art von Werbekampagnen sie durchführen möchten, welche Art von Zielgruppe sie ansprechen möchten und welche Arten von Inhalten den Nutzenden am besten gefallen). Das liegt auch im Interesse der anderen Nutzenden, da es dazu beiträgt, dass die Werbung und andere Inhalte, die wir den Nutzenden zeigen, relevant und unterhaltsam bleiben und dass der Dienst für alle Nutzenden kostenlos bleibt.
Kategorien verwendeter Daten
Kontodaten (ausgenommen ethnische Zugehörigkeit)
Inhalt
Standortdaten
Protokolldaten
Cookie-Daten sowie Daten von ähnlichen Technologien (Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Cookies verwenden, findest du in unseren
Cookie-Richtlinien
.)
Gerätedaten
Nutzungsdaten und Rückschlüsse
Daten aus anderen Quellen (Drittanbieterplattformen, technische Servicepartner, Werbetreibende und andere Partner)
Um dir abseits von Pinterest relevante, interessante und auf dich zugeschnittene Anzeigen über Pinterest zu zeigen, tun wir Folgendes:
Wir zeigen dir auf anderen Webseiten Werbung zu Pinterest-Produkten und -Diensten. Dazu geben wir Daten wie Cookie-IDs, deine IP-Adresse und eine verschlüsselte (gehashte) Version deiner E-Mail-Adresse an Dienste weiter, die wir verwenden, um dir auf anderen Webseiten bzw. in anderen Apps durch Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform und andere Werbung über Pinterest zu zeigen.
Berechtigte Interessen, auf die wir uns stützen
Wir haben ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, für dich relevante und interessante sowie auf dich persönlich zugeschnittene Anzeigen zu schalten, um Einnahmen zu erzielen.
Kategorien verwendeter Daten
Kontodaten (ausgenommen ethnische Zugehörigkeit)
Inhalt
Standortdaten
Protokolldaten
Cookie-Daten sowie Daten von ähnlichen Technologien (Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Cookies verwenden, findest du in unseren
Cookie-Richtlinien
.)
Gerätedaten
Nutzungsdaten und Rückschlüsse
Nutzerentscheidungen
Daten aus anderen Quellen (Drittanbieterplattformen, technische Servicepartner, Werbetreibende und andere Partner)
Wir verwenden Daten, um unsere gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen.
Warum und wie wir deine Daten verwenden
Zur Erfüllung rechtlicher bzw. gesetzlicher Verpflichtungen
Zugriff, Speicherung, Aufbewahrung oder Weitergabe von Daten auf Grundlage einer gerichtlichen Anordnung, eines Durchsuchungsbefehls, einer Herausgabeanordnung, einer Anordnung unter Strafandrohung oder einer ähnlichen gesetzlichen Anforderung.
Zugriff, Speicherung, Aufbewahrung oder Weitergabe von Daten, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, um rechtlichen bzw. gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen, einschließlich der Weitergabe an Forschungseinrichtungen, Strafverfolgungs- oder andere Behörden.
Zur Bearbeitung von Anträgen und Klärung von Beschwerden. Wir speichern die Korrespondenz im Zusammenhang mit Anträgen der betroffenen Personen gemäß der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung zwei Jahre lang, für den Fall, dass diese Anträge nicht erfüllt werden und diese Korrespondenz erforderlich ist, um daraus resultierende Beschwerden zu bearbeiten. In solchen Fällen wird die Korrespondenz gespeichert, bis die Beschwerden geklärt sind.
Beispiele für Gesetze, die eine Verarbeitung von Daten auf die oben beschriebene Weise vorschreiben können:
Rechtliche Fragen: Erfüllung von gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen, z. B. im Rahmen von Datenschutzgesetzen (DSGVO) und des Gesetz über digitale Dienste (GdD).
Zivil-, Handels-, Straf- oder Verbraucherschutzangelegenheiten: wenn wir eine gerichtliche Anordnung zur Offenlegung von Daten für Gerichtsverfahren oder behördliche Untersuchungen erhalten, z. B. Anordnungen oder verpflichtende Anforderungen gemäß dem irischen Wettbewerbs- und Verbraucherschutzgesetz von 2014 (Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014) oder der DSGVO
Unternehmens- und Steuerangelegenheiten: Verpflichtungen wie das irische Unternehmensgesetz von 2014 (Irish Companies Act 2014) und das Steuerkonsolidierungsgesetz von 1997 (Taxes Consolidation Act 1997)
Angelegenheiten im Zusammenhang mit der Sicherheit unseres Dienstes und dem Schutz von Rechten, Eigentum und Nutzenden
Wir speichern Daten, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um den Missbrauch unserer Dienste zu untersuchen, z. B. Spam und andere Dinge, die das Erlebnis unserer Nutzenden beeinträchtigen. Wenn wir Konten aufgrund eines Verstoßes gegen unsere AGB deaktivieren, speichern wir auch aus Gründen der Sicherheit und Integrität Daten zu diesen Nutzenden.
Kategorien verwendeter Daten
Alle Datenkategorien, die unter „Wir erfassen Daten auf verschiedene Arten“ aufgeführt sind, außer genaue Standortdaten, die wir von Nutzenden im EWR, in der Schweiz und im Vereinigten Königreich nicht erfassen
Wir verwenden Daten, wenn du uns deine Zustimmung erteilst.
Wie und warum wir deine Daten verwenden
Wenn du uns deine Zustimmung erteilt hast (z. B. durch deine Geräteeinstellungen):
Suche mit Fotos: Wenn du beispielsweise ein Foto von einem Paar Schuhe oder einem Möbelstück machst, das dir gefällt, kannst du uns bitten, dir ähnliche Artikel zu zeigen. Diese Option musst du erst in den Einstellungen des Betriebssystems deines Geräts aktivieren.
Anzeigen auf Pinterest basierend auf deinen Aktivitäten abseits der Plattform: Wir präsentieren dir individuell angepasste Anzeigen, indem wir deine Interessen anhand deiner Aktivitäten auf externen Seiten und aufgrund von Informationen ermitteln, die wir von Werbekunden oder Dritten erhalten. Wenn Werbekunden oder andere Dritte Daten über dich an uns weitergeben, unterliegt dies der Zustimmung, die sie von dir eingeholt haben.
Lead Ads: Wenn du Daten in einem Lead-Ad-Formular angibst (z. B. um dich für die Mailingliste eines Werbetreibenden zu registrieren oder eine Beratung zu erhalten), geben wir diese Daten wie im Formular beschrieben an den Werbetreibenden weiter.
Vorstellung von Creatorn: Wenn du deine ethnische Zugehörigkeit angibst, verwenden wir diese Daten, um dich z. B. im Rahmen des Black History Month als Creator vorzustellen oder dich über Events zu informieren.
Kategorien verwendeter Daten
Alle Datenkategorien, die unter „Wir erfassen Daten auf verschiedene Arten“ aufgeführt sind, außer genaue Standortdaten, die wir von Nutzenden im EWR, in der Schweiz und im Vereinigten Königreich nicht erfassen
Wo wir uns für die Datenverarbeitung auf deine Zustimmung stützen, kannst du deine Zustimmung jederzeit widerrufen.
Deine Rechte und Auswahlmöglichkeiten
Du hast bestimmte Auswahlmöglichkeiten, mit denen du den Umgang mit deinen Daten steuern kannst. Abhängig von deinem Wohnort (z. B. EWR, Schweiz, Vereinigtes Königreich, USA) sind diese Auswahlmöglichkeiten auch im Rahmen lokaler Datenschutzgesetze kodifiziert. Du kannst sie in deinen
Kontoeinstellungen
nutzen. Falls du dennoch Hilfe brauchst,
besuche unser Help Center
.
Auskunft
: Du hast ein Recht auf Auskunft in übertragbarem Format darüber, welche Daten wir zu deiner Person erfassen und speichern. Weitere Informationen dazu findest du in unserem
Help Center
.
Berichtigung
: Du kannst deine Daten berichtigen, indem du die Daten in deinem Profil änderst.
Löschung
: Du kannst deine Daten löschen lassen. Wähle dazu in den Einstellungen die Option „Daten und Konto löschen“ aus und halte dich an die Anweisungen.
Widerspruch gegen „gezielte Werbung“, „Weitergabe“ oder „Verkauf“
: Wie bereits oben erläutert, könnten einige unsere Aktivitäten „gezielte Werbung“, „Weitergabe“ oder „Verkauf“ im Sinne bestimmter Datenschutzgesetze einzelner US-Bundesstaaten darstellen. Du bist jederzeit berechtigt, dem zu widersprechen. Halte dich dazu an die Anweisungen in den Einstellungen unter „Datenschutz und Daten“. Dir werden dann bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zwar weiterhin Anzeigen angezeigt, sie basieren jedoch nicht auf Daten von abseits der Plattform.
Wo wir uns für die Datenverarbeitung auf deine Zustimmung stützen, kannst du deine Zustimmung jederzeit widerrufen.
Zusätzliche Rechte im EWR, im Vereinigten Königreich und in der Schweiz
Falls du im EWR, im Vereinigten Königreich oder in der Schweiz wohnhaft bist, hast du einige weitere Rechte:
Widerspruchsrecht und Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung
: Du kannst Direktwerbung von uns und der Verarbeitung deiner Daten auf Basis berechtigter Interessen widersprechen. Verwende dazu
dieses Formular
.
Recht auf Widerruf der Zustimmung
: Soweit wir uns auf deine Zustimmung als rechtliche Grundlage für die Verarbeitung deiner Daten stützen, kannst du diese Zustimmung jederzeit widerrufen. Die Rechtmäßigkeit der Datenverarbeitung durch Pinterest vor dem Widerruf deiner Zustimmung wird dadurch nicht beeinflusst.
Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit
: Du kannst veranlassen, dass wir die von dir bereitgestellten Daten an eine andere Organisation senden, falls wir diese Daten mit deiner Zustimmung oder zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags mit dir erfasst haben und speichern und es technisch möglich ist.
Beschwerderecht
: Falls du im EWR, in der Schweiz oder im Vereinigten Königreich wohnst, bist du berechtigt, Beschwerde bei der Aufsichtsbehörde deines Landes einzulegen.
Im Vereinigten Königreich erreichst du die zuständige Datenschutzbehörde unter Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, E-Mail: casework@ico.org.uk.
Die zuständige Datenschutzbehörde in Irland erreichst du unter Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100/+353 1800437737, E-Mail: info@dataprotection.ie oder
über dieses Onlineformular
.
Wir benachteiligen dich nicht, wenn du dich entscheidest, deine Rechte bzw. Möglichkeiten in Bezug auf Daten zu deiner Person in Anspruch zu nehmen. Diese Rechte unterliegen unter Umständen gewissen Einschränkungen, z. B. wenn die Erfüllung deines Antrags Daten zu einer anderen Person offenlegen würde oder sie die Rechte Dritter (einschließlich unserer Rechte) verletzen würde oder wenn du uns bittest, Daten zu löschen, die wir aus rechtlichen Gründen speichern müssen oder für deren Speicherung wir zwingende berechtigte Gründe haben. Falls wir deinen Antrag ablehnen, bist du unter Umständen berechtigt, unserer Entscheidung zu widersprechen. Wende dich hierfür unter
privacy-support@pinterest.com
an uns.
Du hast hinsichtlich deiner Daten auf Pinterest bestimmte Auswahlmöglichkeiten. Wenn du über ein Pinterest-Konto verfügst, kannst du viele dieser Möglichkeiten direkt auf Pinterest oder in deinen Einstellungen nutzen. Beispielsweise kannst du
Daten in deinem Profil bearbeiten
,
dein Pinterest-Konto mit anderen Diensten verknüpfen oder die Verknüpfung aufheben
(z. B. Facebook oder Google),
die Einstellungen für geheime Pinnwände bearbeiten
und
dein Konto jederzeit schließen
. Wir unterstützen außerdem Einstellungen wie Limit Ad Tracking auf iOS-Geräten und Ads Personalization auf Android-Geräten.
Außerdem stehen dir über das Gerät oder die Software, mit der du auf Pinterest zugreifst, unter Umständen Auswahlmöglichkeiten zur Verfügung. Zum Beispiel:
Im von dir verwendeten Browser kannst du unter Umständen Cookies und andere Arten der lokalen Datenspeicherung steuern.
Auf deinem Mobilgerät kannst du festlegen, wie und ob dein genauer Standort, deine Fotos und andere Daten an uns weitergegeben werden.
Bei Nutzenden, die in bestimmten US-Bundesstaaten wohnen und ein Widerspruchssignal (z. B. Global Privacy Control) aktiviert haben, werden wir diese Einstellung während ihrer Nutzung von Pinterest respektieren.
Wie und wann wir Informationen freigeben:
Jeder kann die öffentlichen Inhalte sehen, die du veröffentlichst, z. B. Pinnwände und Pins, die du erstellst, und die Profilinformationen, die du uns gibst. Abhängig von deinem Wohnort stellen wir diese öffentlichen Daten auch über sogenannte APIs (eine technische Möglichkeit, schnell Daten auszutauschen) zur Verfügung. Partner können beispielsweise anhand einer Pinterest-API untersuchen, welche ihre erfolgreichsten Pins sind oder wie ihre Pins auf Pinterest geteilt werden. Außerdem geben wir Daten aus den oben beschriebenen Kategorien wie folgt weiter:
Wir geben Daten auf deine Weisung hin an andere Dienste weiter. Wenn du beispielsweise
dein Pinterest-Konto mit Diensten von Dritten verknüpfst
oder deine Pinterest-Inhalte auf solchen Diensten veröffentlichst, gibst du bestimmte Daten an diese Dienste weiter. Creator*innen können uns bitten, Daten zu bezahlten Interaktionen an Werbetreibende oder andere Partner weiterzugeben.
Je nachdem, wo du wohnst, geben wir Daten zu Werbe- und damit zusammenhängenden Zwecken weiter, z. B. um dich auf Drittanbieterdiensten mit Anzeigen über Pinterest anzusprechen, dir Anzeigen durch unsere Partner zu präsentieren und Werbetreibenden die Leistung ihrer Anzeigen auf Pinterest zu erläutern. Wenn du zum Beispiel ein Lead-Ad-Formular ausfüllst oder auf eine Anzeige auf Pinterest klickst, geben wir diese Informationen an Werbepartner weiter.
Wir geben Daten an Dienstleister weiter, die wir mit der Verarbeitung von Daten in unserem Namen auf der Grundlage unserer Anweisungen und für die in den vorliegenden Datenschutzrichtlinien beschriebenen Zwecke beauftragen. Beispielsweise geben wir Daten an Sicherheitsberater weiter, damit wir Spam besser identifizieren können. Einige der von uns erhobenen Daten werden von Dienstleistern in unserem Namen gesammelt.
Wir geben Daten in Übereinstimmung mit Gesetzen, Regeln oder Vorschriften an Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Regierungsbehörden, Forschende oder andere Parteien weiter. Beispielsweise erhalten wir manchmal Anfragen von Strafverfolgungsbehörden wie der Polizei oder Gerichten nach Kontoinformationen. Wir legen Daten im Zuge solcher Anfragen nur dann offen, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass die Offenlegung vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, um einem Gesetz, einer Vorschrift oder einer gesetzlichen Aufforderung zu entsprechen, um die Sicherheit, die Rechte oder das Eigentum der Öffentlichkeit, einer Person oder von Pinterest zu schützen oder um Betrug, Sicherheitsprobleme oder technische Probleme aufzudecken, zu verhindern oder anderweitig zu lösen. Wir können auch Informationen weitergeben, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies notwendig ist, um in Notsituationen eine drohende schwere Körperverletzung einer Person zu verhindern. Weitere Informationen über unseren Umgang mit entsprechenden Anforderungen findest du in den
Richtlinien zu Strafverfolgungsbehörden
. Wir können deine öffentlich zugänglichen Informationen an unabhängige Forschende weitergeben, die bestimmte Kriterien erfüllen, um gesellschaftliche Schäden zu bekämpfen.
Wir geben Daten an unsere Unternehmensfamilie weiter, einschließlich hundertprozentiger Tochtergesellschaften und verbundener Unternehmen. Im Falle einer Fusion, einer Übernahme, eines Konkurses, einer Auflösung, einer Umstrukturierung oder einer ähnlichen Transaktion oder eines Verfahrens, das die Übertragung der in den vorliegenden Datenschutzrichtlinien beschriebenen Daten beinhaltet, geben wir deine Daten an eine Partei weiter, die an einem solchen Prozess beteiligt ist (z. B. an einen potenziellen Käufer).
Übermittlung von Informationen
Pinterest ist ein weltweiter Dienst. Durch die Nutzung unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen ermächtigst du uns dazu, deine Informationen zu den in diesen Richtlinien beschriebenen Zwecken in Gebiete außerhalb deines Heimatlands, u. a. die Vereinigten Staaten, zu übermitteln und dort zu speichern. Der in diesen Ländern geltende Datenschutz und die dortigen Befugnisse der Behörden zum Zugriff auf deine personenbezogenen Informationen weichen gegebenenfalls von den Bestimmungen in deinem Heimatland ab.
Zusätzliche Schritte für Datenübertragungen im EWR, in der Schweiz und im Vereinigten Königreich
Falls du im EWR, in der Schweiz oder im Vereinigten Königreich wohnhaft bist, ergreifen wir zusätzliche Maßnahmen im Zusammenhang mit Datenübertragungen. Die Daten, für die Pinterest Europe Limited verantwortlich ist, werden zu den in den vorliegenden Richtlinien beschriebenen Zwecken in die USA oder in andere Länder, die nicht das Land deines Wohnsitzes sind, übertragen oder transferiert bzw. dort gespeichert und verarbeitet. Bei der Gewährleistung eines angemessenen Schutzes deiner Daten stützen wir uns auf Folgendes:
Angemessenheitsbeschlüsse. Hierbei handelt es sich um Beschlüsse der Europäischen Kommission gemäß Artikel 45 DSGVO (oder gleichwertige Beschlüsse nach anderen Gesetzen), bei denen anerkannt wird, dass ein Land ein angemessenes Datenschutzniveau bietet. Wir übertragen deine Daten wie unter „Wie wir die erfassten Daten verwenden“ beschrieben in einige Länder mit angemessenem Schutzniveau, z. B. die Länder, die hier aufgeführt sind.
Standardvertragsklauseln. Die Europäische Kommission hat gemäß Artikel 46 DSGVO Vertragsklauseln genehmigt, die es Unternehmen im EWR ermöglichen, Daten aus dem EWR heraus zu übermitteln. Diese (und ihre Äquivalente im Vereinigten Königreich und in der Schweiz) werden Standardvertragsklauseln genannt. Bei der Übertragung der unter „Wie wir die erfassten Daten verwenden“ genannten Daten an Dritte in Ländern ohne angemessenes Schutzniveau stützen wir uns auf diese Standardvertragsklauseln.
Übertragungen in Länder ohne angemessenes Schutzniveau werden zwar in der Regel auf der Basis von Standardvertragsklauseln durchgeführt, jedoch können Übertragungen unter bestimmten Umständen auch auf der Grundlage datenschutzrechtlicher Ausnahmegenehmigungen erfolgen. Beispielsweise geben wir bei Gefahr im Verzug Daten an Strafverfolgungsbehörden weiter, wenn wir erfahren, dass Menschenleben in Gefahr sind.
Des Weiteren prüfen und nutzen wir für jede Datenübertragung nach Bedarf weitere Schutzmaßnahmen. Dazu zählen beispielsweise:
technische Schutzmaßnahmen wie Verschlüsselung und Pseudonymisierung sowie
rechtliche Schritte zur Anfechtung unverhältnismäßiger oder rechtswidriger behördlicher Anfragen.
Eine Kopie der Angemessenheitsbeschlüsse oder Standardvertragsklauseln kannst du direkt von uns anfordern. Sende uns dazu einfach eine entsprechende Nachricht an die Kontaktdaten, die wir im Abschnitt „Kontakt“ weiter unten aufgeführt haben.
Wie lange wir deine Informationen aufbewahren:
Wir speichern deine Daten nur so lange, wie wir sie benötigen, um dir Pinterest zur Verfügung zu stellen und die in den vorliegenden Richtlinien beschriebenen Zwecke zu erfüllen. Wenn wir deine Daten nicht mehr verwenden müssen und wir nicht mehr aufgrund von Gesetzen oder Vorschriften verpflichtet sind, sie zu speichern, dann löschen wir sie entweder aus unseren Systemen oder entfernen identifizierende Merkmale, damit wir dich nicht mehr anhand der Daten identifizieren können.
Falls du im EWR, in der Schweiz oder im Vereinigten Königreich lebst, findest du hier weitere Informationen zur Datenspeicherung: Wir speichern deine Daten nur so lange, wie wir sie benötigen, um die in den vorliegenden Datenschutzrichtlinien beschriebenen Zwecke zu erfüllen. Diese umfassen die Bereitstellung des Diensts sowie andere legitime Zwecke wie die Erfüllung rechtlicher Verpflichtungen, die Durchsetzung unserer AGB sowie die Verhinderung von Verstößen dagegen, die Bekämpfung von Spam und den Schutz bzw. die Verteidigung unserer Rechte, unseres Eigentums und unserer Nutzenden. Die Speicherfristen werden von Fall zu Fall festgelegt. Wir speichern Kontodaten wie deinen Namen, deine E-Mail-Adresse und dein Passwort, solange dein Konto existiert, weil wir sie benötigen, um dir das Konto zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Unsere Richtlinien zu Daten von Kindern
Kinder unter 13 Jahren sind nicht berechtigt, Pinterest zu nutzen. Falls du in einem Staat oder Land wohnhaft bist, in dem eine höhere Altersgrenze gilt, bist du erst dann zur Verwendung unserer Dienste berechtigt, wenn du das dortige Mindestalter für die Einwilligung in die Datenverarbeitung erreicht hast. Weitere Informationen findest du in unserem
Help Center
.
Wie wir Änderungen an den Richtlinien vornehmen:
Wir werden möglicherweise von Zeit zu Zeit Änderungen an den Richtlinien vornehmen und werden in solchen Fällen alle Änderungen auf dieser Seite bekannt geben. Wenn du Pinterest nach Inkrafttreten dieser Änderungen weiterhin nutzt, gelten die neuen Richtlinien auch für dich. Falls es sich um wesentliche Änderungen handelt, machen wir dich möglicherweise nachdrücklicher darauf aufmerksam, beispielsweise indem wir dir eine E-Mail senden.
Kontakt
Am besten kannst du über das
Help Center
mit uns Kontakt aufnehmen oder die oben beschriebenen Optionen wahrnehmen. Für die Daten von Nutzern, die in den Vereinigten Staaten ansässig sind, ist Pinterest Inc. verantwortlich. Du erreichst das Unternehmen unter folgender Anschrift: Pinterest Inc., 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
Du kannst dich zudem an unseren
Datenschutzbeauftragten
wenden.
Datum des Inkrafttretens außerhalb des EWR, des Vereinigten Königreichs und der Schweiz: 13. März 2024
Datum des Inkrafttretens im EWR, im Vereinigten Königreich und in der Schweiz: 30. April 2024
Inhalt
California Privacy Statement
Zusammenfassung der Änderungen
Vielen Dank für die Verwendung von Pinterest.
Geltungsbereich der Datenschutzrichtlinien
Wir sammeln Informationen auf verschiedene Weisen:
Wie wir die erfassten Daten verwenden
Zusätzliche Informationen für betroffene Personen aus dem EWR, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich: Rechtsgrundlagen für unsere Verwendung deiner Daten
Deine Rechte und Auswahlmöglichkeiten
Wie und wann wir Informationen freigeben:
Übermittlung von Informationen
Wie lange wir deine Informationen aufbewahren:
Unsere Richtlinien zu Daten von Kindern
Wie wir Änderungen an den Richtlinien vornehmen:
Kontakt
Sub-policy 7
https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung:
Datenschutz bei XING
Menü
Einführung
Deine Privatsphäre
Deine Sicherheit
Deine Ansprechpartner
Neues
Datenschutzerklärung
Datenschutzerklärung
Allgemeine Hinweise
Stand: 20. Dezember 2023
Hier informieren wir Dich über die Datenverarbeitung im Rahmen des gesamten Dienstes XING und seiner Anwendungen (XING, kununu, onlyfy usw.).
Verantwortlich für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten ist die New Work SE.
Unser Datenschutzbeauftragter ist Christian Schmidt.
Mehr erfahren
Wie werden Deine personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet?
1. Allgemeines zu den Zwecken der Datenverarbeitung.
Im Wesentlichen verarbeiten wir
personenbezogene Daten
, um unseren vertraglichen Verpflichtungen gegenüber unseren Nutzern nachzukommen. Die Verarbeitung der Daten ist die Voraussetzung dafür, dass wir Dir beispielsweise passende Kontakte, Angebote und Informationen vorschlagen können.
Mehr erfahren
2. Informationen, die Du uns mitteilst.
Dies sind Daten, die wir direkt von Dir erhalten und Informationen, die Du auf
XING Websites
veröffentlichst oder versendest, beispielsweise:
Zugangsdaten (z. B. Nutzername und Passwort)
Profildaten (z. B. Job-Titel, Firmenname, Branche, Ausbildung, Kontaktmöglichkeiten, Foto)
Nachrichten, Beiträge, Zahlungsdaten
Mehr erfahren
3. Automatisch auf Grund Deiner Nutzung von XING gesammelte Informationen
Während Du den Dienst
XING
nutzt oder besuchst, werden automatisch Daten von Dir mittels Tracking gesammelt. Hier erfährst Du,
wie das Tracking geschieht,
warum Tracking eingesetzt wird (Gewährleistung der Sicherheit, Bereitstellung unseres Dienstes, Erfolgsmessung und Optimierung von Werbung sowie Ermittlung statistischer Kennwerte).
Werden Dir innerhalb der XING App Bereiche unserer Website xing.com angezeigt, findet kein Tracking statt.
Mehr erfahren
4. Informationen, die wir über Dich aus anderen Quellen erhalten.
Mitunter verarbeiten wir Daten von Dir, die wir nicht direkt bei Dir erhoben haben. Dies kann z. B. der Fall sein, wenn ein Nutzer uns die Information zukommen lässt oder wir sie aus anderen Quellen erheben.
Mehr erfahren
5. Wer erhält Daten zu Deiner Person?
Hier erfährst Du, an wen wir Daten weitergeben, welchem Zweck dies dient und wie Du Deine Privatsphäre bei
XING
individuell einstellen kannst. Übrigens: Wir geben Deine
personenbezogenen Daten
nur an Dritte weiter, wenn …
dies zur Erfüllung unserer Geschäftszwecke erforderlich ist, z. B. wenn wir Dein Profil einem anderen Nutzer zugänglich machen,
Du Deine Einwilligung gegeben hast (z. B. zur Nutzung einer externen Anwendung),
wir gesetzlich, gerichtlich oder behördlich dazu verpflichtet sind.
Mehr erfahren
Welche Rechte kannst Du geltend machen?
Hier kannst Du Dich ausführlich über Deine Rechte informieren:
Dein Widerspruchsrecht
Dein Recht auf Auskunft
Dein Recht auf Löschung
weitere Rechte
Mehr erfahren
Begriffe, die in unserer Datenschutzerklärung vorkommen.
Mehr erfahren
Bei XING soll keine Deiner Fragen offen bleiben.
Wir haben diese Datenschutzerklärung so für Dich aufbereitet, dass Du die für Dich relevantesten Themen schnell und einfach findest. Du kannst aber auch gern die gewohnte
Langversion auf einer Seite lesen
.
Cookies:
Kleine Dateien, die es uns ermöglichen, auf Deinem Endgerät spezifische, auf Dich, den Nutzer, bezogene Informationen zu ermitteln. Die Speicherung von Cookies kannst Du über Deine Browser-Einstellungen verhindern.
Drittland:
Ein Land außerhalb der EU.
EU-DSGVO:
Die Verordnung (EU) 2016/679 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 27. April 2016 zum Schutz natürlicher Personen bei der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, zum freien Datenverkehr und zur Aufhebung der Richtlinie 95/46/EG (Datenschutz-Grundverordnung).
Newsletter:
Newsletter bzw. Status-E-Mails sowie Werbung für eigene ähnliche Produkte und Dienstleistungen oder Befragungen zum Zweck eigener Marktforschung.
Personenbezogene Daten:
Gemäß Art. 4 Ziffer 1 EU-DSGVO alle Informationen, die sich auf eine identifizierte oder identifizierbare natürliche Person beziehen; als identifizierbar wird eine natürliche Person angesehen, die direkt oder indirekt, insbesondere mittels Zuordnung zu einer Kennung wie einem Namen, zu einer Kennnummer, zu Standortdaten, zu einer Online-Kennung oder zu einem oder mehreren besonderen Merkmalen identifiziert werden kann, die Ausdruck der physischen, physiologischen, genetischen, psychischen, wirtschaftlichen, kulturellen oder sozialen Identität dieser natürlichen Person sind.
Pixel:
Eine Bilddatei bzw. ein Link zu einer Bilddatei, das im Webseiten-Code eingefügt wird, sich jedoch nicht auf Deinem Endgerät (z. B. Computer, Smartphone etc.) befindet. Üblicherweise arbeiten Pixel in Verbindung mit Cookies.
Profil:
Die Seite der XING Websites, auf der die vom Nutzer eingegebenen personenbezogenen Daten im sozialen Netzwerk dargestellt werden.
Profiling:
Gemäß Art. 4 Ziffer 4 EU-DSGVO jede Art der automatisierten Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die darin besteht, dass diese personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden, um bestimmte persönliche Aspekte, die sich auf eine natürliche Person beziehen, zu bewerten, insbesondere um Aspekte bezüglich Arbeitsleistung, wirtschaftliche Lage, Gesundheit, persönliche Vorlieben, Interessen, Zuverlässigkeit, Verhalten, Aufenthaltsort oder Ortswechsel dieser natürlichen Person zu analysieren oder vorherzusagen.
Soziales Netzwerk:
Die zu den Anwendungen des Dienstes XING gehörenden Kontakt- und Kommunikationsforen.
XING:
Der Dienst XING und die zum Dienst XING gehörenden Anwendungen (XING, kununu, onlyfy usw.).
XING Websites:
Alle Websites, Subdomains, Aliases, mobile Applikationen, Hintergrund-Applikationen, Webservices und Einbindungen in Drittseiten, auf denen der Dienst XING zur Verfügung steht.
Sub-policy 8
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.tumblr.com/privacy/de:
Diese Website erfordert
JavaScript
.
Europäische Datenschutzerklärung
Zuletzt geändert: 24.01.2024
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie ist im Original auf Englisch verfasst. Sollte eine übersetzte Version mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie nicht übereinstimmen, hat die Englische Fassung stets Vorrang.
Tumblr, Inc. ("
Tumblr,
" "
wir,
" "
uns,
" oder "
unser
") nimmt deine Privatsphäre sehr ernst. Wir sind bestrebt, transparent zu machen, wie wir deine Daten sammeln und verarbeiten, deine Daten sicher zu halten und dir sinnvolle Wahlmöglichkeiten zu bieten. Diese Richtlinie über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken (die "
Datenschutzrichtlinie
") beschreibt, wie wir mit den Informationen umgehen, die wir sammeln oder erhalten, wenn du tumblr.com (die "
Site
") und/oder andere Domains, Produkte, Werbeprodukte, Dienstleistungen und/oder Inhalte von Tumblr, einschließlich unserer iOS- und Android-Mobilanwendungen (zusammen mit der Site die "
Dienste
"), besuchst und nutzt. Tumblr ist eine Tochtergesellschaft von
Automattic
, einem Technologieunternehmen, das Menschen dabei hilft, schöne Websites zu erstellen, ihre Geschichten zu erzählen und ihr Publikum zu finden und zu vergrößern. Die Art und Weise, wie wir mit deinen Daten umgehen, hat sich nicht geändert. Daher gilt diese Datenschutzrichtlinie auch weiterhin, wenn du auf Tumblr bist, eine Tumblr-App nutzt oder mit unseren Produkten, Diensten oder Technologien interagierst. Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt nicht für die Praktiken anderer mit Automattic verbundener Unternehmen oder Unternehmen, die Automattic nicht besitzt oder kontrolliert.
Geltungsbereich dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung bezieht sich auf die Verarbeitung von Daten, die wir sammeln, wenn du unsere Dienste nutzt oder darauf zugreifst. Diese Datenschutzerklärung deckt zudem unsere Handhabung von Daten über dich ab, die entweder unsere Partner an uns weitergeben oder die wir an unsere Partner weitergeben.
Des Weiteren regelt diese Datenschutzerklärung nicht, was unsere Nutzer auf ihren Tumblr-Blogs tun und wir übernehmen insoweit keine Verantwortung für die Praktiken der Erfassung und Nutzung von Daten der einzelnen Blogs und Blogger. Eine der herausragenden Funktionen der Produkte von Tumblr ist die Möglichkeit zur individuellen Gestaltung und die Blogger besitzen große Flexibilität hinsichtlich der Eigenschaften ihrer Blogs. Wenn du einen Blog in unserem Netzwerk besuchst, sammelt dieser Blog möglicherweise mehr Daten als wir und kann Daten an Dritte weiterleiten, zu denen wir keine Beziehung haben, darunter an Werbetreibende.
Erfassung und Verwendung von Daten
Im Rahmen der Bereitstellung der Dienste erfassen und erhalten wir verschiedene Arten von Informationen. Bestimmte Kategorien von Informationen, die von Tumblr gesammelt werden, sind für die Nutzung unserer Dienste erforderlich. Um unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, zu personalisieren und zu verbessern, kombinieren und verwenden wir die Informationen, die wir über dich haben (einschließlich der Informationen, die wir innerhalb und außerhalb unserer Dienste erhalten), um zu verstehen, wie du unsere Dienste und die Menschen oder Dinge, mit denen du interagierst und an denen du interessiert bist, nutzt. Im Folgenden werden diese Arten von Informationen und deren Verwendung näher beschrieben.
Um deine Daten gesetzeskonform zu erfassen und zu verwenden, beachten wir vor allem drei Punkte.
Zuerst müssen wir in Übereinstimmung mit unseren
Allgmeinen Geschäftsbedingungen
deine Daten auf bestimmte Weise verarbeiten, um dir unsere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Diese Verarbeitung ist notwendig, um den Vertrag zwischen dir und uns zu erfüllen, und unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen machen deutlich, dass die Verarbeitung deiner Daten im Zusammenhang mit personalisierten Inhalten und Anzeigen ein notwendiger Bestandteil der von uns angebotenen Dienste ist.
Zweitens: Wenn du der Verwendung deiner Daten auf bestimmte Weise zugestimmt hast, verlassen wir uns auf deine Zustimmung (die du jederzeit widerrufen kannst).
Drittens: Wie im Folgenden näher beschrieben, können wir in bestimmten Fällen deine Daten gegebenenfalls zu weiteren legitimen Zwecken verarbeiten, seien es unsere oder die von Besuchern, Usern oder Partnern, sofern diese legitimen Zwecke nicht durch deine Rechte oder Interessen außer Kraft gesetzt werden.
Gelegentlich kann sich Tumblr auf andere Rechtsgrundlagen stützen, um deine Daten zu verarbeiten, z. B. um die Lebensinteressen von dir oder anderen zu schützen (z. B. wenn ein unmittelbarer Schaden droht), wenn dies im öffentlichen Interesse erforderlich ist, oder um einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung, einem Gerichtsbeschluss oder der Ausübung und Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen nachzukommen.
Accountdaten:
Wenn du in den Diensten einen Account erstellst (einen '
Account
'), fragen wir dich nach Informationen wie deinem Benutzernamen, Passwort, Alter und deiner E-Mail-Adresse ('
Accountdaten
'), um dir die Dienste anzubieten. Wir können Accountdaten allein oder zusammen mit anderen Informationen verwenden, um die Dienste zu erweitern und zu verbessern, z. B. durch Personalisierung. Wir verwenden dein Alter, um zu überprüfen, ob du die Dienste rechtmäßig nutzen kannst. Wir verwenden deine E-Mail-Adresse, um deinen Account zu verifizieren und um mit dir zu kommunizieren, wie weiter unten genauer beschrieben.
Du kannst auf Tumblr weitgehende Anonymität bewahren. Bedenke jedoch, dass deine Einträge, Blogs, Seiten und dein Nutzername standardmäßig öffentlich sichtbar sind.
Kommunikation mit uns per E-Mail:
Als Teil der Dienste erhältst du gelegentlich E-Mails und weitere Kommunikationen von uns. Administrative Kommunikationen bezüglich deines Accounts (beispielsweise für Zwecke der Wiederherstellung des Accounts oder Zurücksetzung des Passwortes) gelten als Teil der Dienste und deines Accounts, die du ggf. nicht abwählen kannst. Wir senden dir zudem möglicherweise E-Mails anderer Art, die du jedoch in deinen Account-Einstellungen oder durch den Link zur Abwahl in den E-Mails abwählen kannst.
Hinweis: Wir bitten
niemals
per E-Mail um dein Passwort oder sonstige Accountdaten. Wenn du eine solche E-Mail erhältst,
leite diese bitte an uns weiter
.
Wir verschicken zwei Arten von E-Mails: Die eine Kategorie betrifft interessante Inhalte, die auf Tumblr zu finden sind; die andere Kategorie betrifft wichtige Informationen bezüglich deines Accounts. Die erste Kategorie kann abgewählt werden, die zweite nicht.
Daten über deine Accounts auf Diensten von Dritten:
Du kannst deinen Account mit bestimmten Diensten von Dritten verknüpfen. Um dies zu tun, kannst du uns deinen Nutzernamen oder eine sonstige Nutzerkennung für den Dienst eines Dritten angeben. Dann kann es erforderlich sein, sich bei diesem Dienst anzumelden. Nach diesem Anmeldevorgang erhalten wir ein Token, mit dem wir Zugriff auf deinen Account in diesem Dienst erhalten, damit wir beispielsweise deine Inhalte in diesem Dienst veröffentlichen können, wenn du dies wünschst. Weder erhalten noch speichern wir deine Passwörter für deine Accounts bei Diensten von Dritten.
Daten aus Diensten von Dritten:
In manchen Fällen arbeiten wir mit Diensten von Dritten zusammen, die Daten über dich bereitstellen könnten. Zu diesen Daten könnte beispielsweise dein Geschlecht gehören, wenn du dieses gegenüber einem Dritten offengelegt und es für Tumblr verfügbar gemacht hast. In dem Umfang, in dem wir solche Daten erhalten, können wir diese zur Entwicklung neuer Dienste oder zur Verbesserung und Erweiterung bestehender Dienste nutzen.
Wenn du weitere Dienste mit deinem Tumblr-Account verknüpfst, könnten diese Dienste Daten über dich an uns weitergeben. Welche Daten weitergegeben werden, wird durch die Datenschutzrichtlinien dieser Dritten geregelt. Solltest du hierzu Fragen oder Bedenken haben, bitten wir dich, die Datenschutzrichtlinien der Dritten heranzuziehen.
Inhalte von Nutzern:
Sämtlicher Austausch in den Diensten ist standardmäßig öffentlich. Wenn du Inhalte bei uns einstellst, werden diese veröffentlicht und sind für jeden sichtbar. Wir stellen Werkzeuge bereit, darunter durch Passwörter geschützte Blogs, Fragen und Fanpost, mit denen du Inhalte privat veröffentlichen kannst. Sofern du keine
anderen Einstellungen
vorgenommen hast, solltest du stets annehmen, dass alles, was du veröffentlichst, für jeden sichtbar ist. Bedenke zudem, dass Inhalte, die du privat mit anderen Nutzern teilst, im Anschluss von diesen Nutzern veröffentlicht werden könnten. Dies gilt insbesondere für Fragen, Fanpost und übermittelte Beiträge. Inhalte, die öffentlich zugänglich gemacht und weitergegeben werden, sind allgemein verfügbar, darunter auch für Suchmaschinen. Dies hat Auswirkungen auf deine Möglichkeiten der Kontrolle solcher Inhalte. Zudem können öffentlich zugänglich gemachte Daten kopiert und im Internet weitergegeben werden, darunter durch Aktionen oder Funktionen, die den Diensten systemeigen sind, wie beispielsweise Rebloggen.
Tumblr ist seinem Wesen nach eine öffentliche Plattform. Habe keine Angst vor der Veröffentlichung von Inhalten, sei dir aber bewusst, dass es äußerst schwierig sein kann, Inhalte aus dem Internet zu entfernen, wenn diese einige Stufen des Rebloggens durchlaufen haben.
Systemeigene Aktionen:
Die Dienste ermöglichen bestimmte Aktionen, die wesentliche Bestandteile unsere Produkte sind, beispielsweise Liken, Rebloggen und Antworten auf Einträge sowie die Möglichkeit, einem Blog zu folgen. Die Aktionen Liken, Rebloggen und Antworten sind öffentlich, d. h. alle Nutzer können beispielsweise die Kommentare eines Eintrags aufklappen, um zu sehen, wer ihn gelikt, gerebloggt oder auf ihn geantwortet hat. Wir nutzen Daten zu sytemeigenen Aktionen, um die Dienste zu verbessern, neue Dienste zu entwickeln und vor allem um deine Tumblr-Erfahrung zu personalisieren. Zur Personalisierung mittels solcher Daten kann gehören, dir neue Einträge zu zeigen, die einen thematischen Bezug zu deinen Likes haben, bessere Suchergebnisse für dich bereitzustellen und dir Werbung zu zeigen, die deinen Interessen entspricht.
Die Aktionen Rebloggn, Liken und Antworten sind öffentlich. Bedenke also, was du veröffentlicht sehen möchtest. Aber warum? Sei ruhig stolz und nicht überkritisch mit dir selbst. Wir sehen dir in die Augen und finden dich ganz wunderbar.
Daten über Inhalte von Usern:
In manchen Fällen erfassen wir Daten über Inhalte, die du den Diensten bereitstellst. Wir erfassen beispielsweise Daten zu deiner Kamera und den Kameraeinstellungen oder
EXIF-Daten
, wenn diese Bestandteil deiner Bilder sind. Mit diesen Informationen können wir unsere Dienste verbessern und zusätzliche Eigenschaften und Funktionen anbieten.
Kontakt- und Finanzinformationen
: Es gibt verschiedene Möglichkeiten, wie du uns Finanz- und Kontaktinformationen zur Verfügung stellen kannst. Wenn du zum Beispiel etwas bei uns kaufst (wie Anheizen, Premium-Templates oder einen Domain-Namen), einem Blog Trinkgeld gibst oder über deine Website Einnahmen erzielst, gibst du zusätzliche persönliche und Zahlungsinformationen wie deinen Namen, Kreditkarteninformationen und Kontaktinformationen an. Wir speichern auch die von dir getätigten Käufe. Du kannst uns auch finanzielle Informationen zur Verfügung stellen, um eine Zahlungsintegration (wie
Trinkgeld
) einzurichten, z. B. die E-Mail-Adresse für deinen Stripe-Account.
Wir speichern diese finanziellen Informationen jedoch nicht; diese Informationen werden von unserem Zahlungsabwickler (dem "
Zahlungsabwickler
") gespeichert. Bitte beachte, dass deine Daten, wenn du die Dienste des Zahlungsabwicklers in Anspruch nimmst, in Übereinstimmung mit den Datenschutzrichtlinien und -praktiken des Zahlungsabwicklers gehandhabt werden. Sie haben ihre eigenen Regeln für die Erhebung, Nutzung, Speicherung und Weitergabe von Daten, die du vor der Nutzung der Dienste des Zahlungsabwicklers überprüfen solltest. Wir erhalten bestimmte Informationen von unserem Zahlungsabwickler: (1) ein eindeutiges Token, das wir mit deinem Account verbinden, damit du mit den von unserem Zahlungsabwickler gespeicherten Informationen weitere Einkäufe tätigen kannst, und (2) in bestimmten Fällen die letzten vier Ziffern der Kreditkartennummer, die mit diesem Token verbunden ist, damit wir betrügerische Transaktionen und Identitätsdiebstahl verhindern können.
Daten mit Bezug zur Nutzung der Dienste:
Wir sammeln Informationen darüber, wie die Dienste genutzt werden, auch von Personen mit einem Account. Diese Daten können in unseren Protokolldateien erfasst werden, wann immer du mit den Diensten interagierst (d. h. eine Anfrage an sie stellst). Wir verwenden interne Tools und Anwendungen sowie Dienste von Drittanbietern (wie Google Analytics oder comScore), um diese Informationen zu erfassen und zu analysieren. Einige dieser Informationen können auch mit der Internet-Protokoll-Adresse ("
IP-Adresse
") verknüpft sein, die für den Zugriff auf die Dienste verwendet wird; andere können mit deinem Account verbunden sein; und wieder andere können nur in zusammengefasster Form gesammelt und verwendet werden (als statistische Kennzahl, das weder dich noch deinen Account identifizieren würde). Wir erfassen auch deine IP-Adresse, wenn du einen Eintrag postest, insbesondere wenn du eine anonyme "Frage" stellst. Wir können diese Informationen darüber, wie du und andere mit den Diensten interagieren, für eine Reihe von Dingen verwenden, die im Allgemeinen mit der Verbesserung, dem Schutz und der Entwicklung neuer Dienste zusammenhängen, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf: die Bereitstellung personalisierter Inhalte für Benutzer; die Bereitstellung gezielter Werbung für Benutzer; die Verbesserung unserer Suchergebnisse; die Identifizierung von angesagten und beliebten Inhalten; die Bekämpfung von Spam, Malware, Identitätsdiebstahl und die allgemeine Aufrechterhaltung der Sicherheit unserer User und der Community; und aus rechtlichen und Sicherheitsgründen, die in "Daten, die zu unserem Schutz und dem Schutz von anderen offengelegt werden" dargelegt sind.
Wir nutzen Daten über deine Interaktionen mit Tumblr, um es für dich zu personalisieren, dich und die Community zu schützen und Tumblr für alle seine Nutzer zu verbessern.
Daten mit Bezug zu deinem Browser:
Wir erhalten automatisch Daten von deinem Browser und zeichnen diese auf, wenn du mit den Diensten interagierst, darunter Typ und Version deines Browsers, Art des von dir genutzten Geräts, das Betriebssystem und dessen Version, deine Spracheinstellung, die Website oder den Dienst, über den du zu den Diensten gelangst, Datum und Zeit jeder von dir an die Dienste gerichteten Anfrage, Daten deiner Bildschirmdarstellung und Daten von Cookies, die wir in deinem Browser gesetzt haben (wie nachfolgend dargelegt). Wir erkennen manchmal auch, ob du bestimmte Browser-Erweiterungen nutzt und speichern diese Daten in einer Weise, die mit deinem Account verknüpft ist. Wir nutzen Browserdaten für die Bereitstellung, Sicherheit, Verbesserung und Erweiterung der Dienste.
Standortdaten:
In manchen Fällen erfassen und speichern wir Daten über deinen Standort. Beispielsweise kann deine IP-Adresse in einen ungefähren geografischen Standort umgesetzt werden. Wir können dich auch bitten, Daten über deinen Standort anzugeben, beispielsweise die Erlaubnis zur Nutzung geografischer Daten deines Mobilgerätes, um einem Eintrag ein Geotag zu geben. Wir können Standortdaten dazu nutzen, um die Dienste zu verbessern und für dich zu personalisieren, beispielsweise durch Anzeige relevanter örtlicher Inhalte.
Daten mit Bezug zu deinem Mobilgerät:
Wir können Daten mit Bezug zu deinem Mobilgerät erfassen und speichern. In manchen Fällen können wir eine eindeutige Kennung deines Mobilgerätes erhalten, generieren oder zuordnen. Dies geschieht für die oben im Abschnitt "Daten bezüglich der Nutzung der Dienste" dargelegten Zwecke. Wir könnten dich zudem um deine Telefonnummer bitten, um neue Produkte zu ermöglichen und die Dienste zu verbessern, beispielsweise durch mehrstufige Authentifizierung bei der Account-Anmeldung. Wir werden dich bezüglich Erfassung und Speicherung deiner Telefonnummer stets um deine Einwilligung bitten.
Informationen, die mit Cookies und anderen Technologien erfasst werden:
Ein Cookie ist eine Informationskette, die eine Website auf dem besuchenden Computer speichert. Der Browser der Besuchenden übermittelt sie jedes Mal an die Website, wenn die Besuchenden zurückkehren. Pixel-Tags (auch Web-Beacons genannt) sind kleine Code-Blöcke, die auf Websites platziert werden und es Tumblr oder Dritten ermöglichen, zu sehen, dass du dir die Seite angesehen hast. Wir verwenden Cookies und Web-Tags, damit unsere Server deinen Webbrowser erkennen und uns mitteilen können, wie und wann du die Dienste nutzt. Einige der von uns genutzten Dienste (einschließlich der Dienste Dritter) wie Google Analytics, Nielsen und comScore verwenden möglicherweise ihre eigenen Web-Tags oder setzen ihre eigenen Cookies in deinem Browser. Wenn du Tumblr-Nutzer in der EU, in Großbritannien oder in einigen US-Bundesstaaten bist, kannst du deine Cookie-Einstellungen in deinen
Privatsphäre-Einstellungen
anpassen.
Mithilfe von Cookies und Web-Tags erfahren wir, wie Menschen Tumblr nutzen. Das wiederum hilft uns, ein besseres Produkt für dich zu entwickeln. Bei Tumblr entscheidest du selbst, welche Cookies wir setzen und wie wir deine Daten verwenden.
Daten über deine Kontakte:
Bestimmte Funktionen der Dienste ermöglichen dir, uns deine Kontaktlisten zur Verfügung zu stellen, damit wir dich mit Personen in unseren Diensten verbinden können, die sich auch auf diesen Kontaktlisten befinden. Du kannst beispielsweise vorübergehend deine E-Mail-Kontaktdaten mit deinem Account verknüpfen, damit wir dir eine Liste deiner E-Mail-Kontakte geben können, die die Dienste nutzen. Des Weiteren könntest du uns über unsere mobilen Apps deine mobilen Kontaktdaten senden, was uns ermöglichen würde, dir eine Liste derjenigen Kontakte zu übermitteln, die die Dienste nutzen, damit du ihren Blogs folgen kannst. Du hast die Wahl, ob du uns diese Daten bereitstellst, und wir werden innerhalb des entsprechenden Features vollständig offenlegen, wie wir diese Daten nutzen.
Wir haben keinen Zugriff auf deine Kontaktliste, es sei denn, du räumst uns diesen ein. Warum solltest du dies tun? Weil du so herausfinden kannst, ob deine Kontakte bereits auf Tumblr sind. Wir löschen diese Daten unmittelbar danach.
Abgeleitete Daten:
Wie oben in den Abschnitten "Systemeigene Aktionen" und "Daten im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung der Dienste" beschrieben, analysieren wir deine Aktionen in den Diensten, um daraus bestimmte Merkmale deines Accounts abzuleiten (beispielsweise, welchen Blogs du folgst und welche Einträge du aufrufst, likst und rebloggst). Wir nutzen diese Daten für die Zwecke, die oben im Abschnitt "Daten im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung der Dienste" dargelegt sind.
Individualisierte Werbung auf Tumblr
Um dir die ganzen Tumblr-Inhalte kostenlos zur Verfügung stellen zu können, schaltet Tumblr selektiv Werbeanzeigen für eingeloggte User. Wir und unsere Muttergesellschaft Automattic arbeiten mit Online-Werbeunternehmen zusammen, um dir möglichst relevante und nützliche Werbung anzubieten. Um unsere Anzeigen relevanter und nützlicher zu machen, versuchen wir uns nach den Interessen zu richten, die wir basierend auf deinen Aktivitäten auf unseren Websites und Services vermuten. Die Anzeigen, die wir dir zeigen, spiegeln oft diese vermuteten Interessen wider.
In
Tumblrs Werbe- und Affiliate-Richtlinien
erfährst du mehr darüber, wie wir die Anzeigen für dich aussuchen.
Entscheide selbst über deine personalisierte Werbung:
Wenn du keine sehen möchtest, deaktiviere sie einfach. Beachte bitte, dass du nach dem Ausloggen weiterhin Werbung auf Tumblr sehen wirst, diese für dich aber weniger relevant und nützlich sein wird.
Wenn du web-basierte Versionen von Tumblr verwendest, kannst du dich auf den folgenden Opt-out-Seiten gegen interessenbezogene oder personalisierte Werbung entscheiden:
(EU) European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) -
www.youronlinechoices.com
(US) Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) -
www.networkadvertising.org
(US) Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) -
www.aboutads.info
(Japan) Data Driven Advertising Initiative (DDAI) -
www.ddai.info
Diese Branchenwerbeunternehmen bieten webbrowserbasierte Tools an, um die Verwendung deiner Website-Daten für interessenbezogene oder personalisierte Werbung einzuschränken. Alle über diese Branchentools getroffenen Entscheidungen gelten nur für den Webbrowser, der für die getroffenen Entscheidungen verwendet wird. Diese Werbeoptionen werden nicht auf all deine Geräte übertragen.
Wenn du die mobile App-Version von Tumblr auf iOS-Geräten von Apple verwendest, kannst du dich von personalisierter Werbung abmelden, indem du "Kein Ad-Tracking" in den iOS-Einstellungen wählst. Für weitere Informationen zu diesen iOS-Optionen:
Öffne die Einstellungen;
Wähle “Datenschutz”;
Wähle “Werbung” und folge den Anweisungen.
Wenn du die mobile App-Version von Tumblr auf Android-Geräten verwendest, kannst du dich von personalisierter Werbung abmelden, indem du "Interessenbezogene Werbung deaktivieren” in den Google-Einstellungen wählst. Für weitere Informationen zu diesen Android-Optionen:
Öffne die Einstellungen;
Wähle “Google”;
Wähle “Datenschutz”;
Wähle “Werbung” und folge den Anweisungen.
Weitergabe deiner Daten
Wir geben Daten, die wir von dir erhalten, nicht weiter, außer wenn: (a) wir deine Einwilligung zur Weitergabe dieser Daten haben, um beispielsweise Dienste bereitzustellen, die du wünschst (auch wenn du dich mit Diensten von Drittanbietern verbindest); (b) wir dich vorab benachrichtigt haben, dass die Daten weitergegeben werden und an wen (wie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung); oder (c) es sich um zusammengefasste Daten oder sonstige Daten handelt, die dich nicht identifizieren. Du bestätigst, dass du über alle erforderlichen Einwilligungen und Berechtigungen verfügst, um personenbezogene Daten Dritter hochzuladen und weiterzugeben, und wenn dies für die Kontaktaufnahme (und im Falle von Tumblr für die Kontaktaufnahme in deinem Namen) mit diesen Dritten relevant ist.
Daten, die wir an verbundene Unternehmen weitergeben/von diesen erhalten:
Wir sind eine hundertprozentige Tochtergesellschaft von
Automattic
, einem Technologieunternehmen, das es Menschen ermöglicht, tolle Websites zu bauen, ihre Geschichten zu erzählen und ihr Publikum zu finden und zu erweitern. Da wir eine hundertprozentige Tochtergesellschaft sind, können wir mit Automattic und den übrigen Mitgliedern unserer Unternehmensgruppe sämtliche Daten teilen. Unsere Unternehmensgruppe kann die Daten, die sie von uns erhält, dazu nutzen, uns dabei zu unterstützen, die Dienste bereitzustellen, zu untersuchen und zu verbessern (darunter zur Bereitstellung von Analysen) sowie mit ihren Produkten und Diensten zu verbinden (darunter zur Bereitstellung einer personalisierteren Erfahrung in ihren und unseren Diensten). Weitere Informationen darüber, wie Automattic mit erfassten Daten umgeht, findest du in dieser
Datenschutzerklärung
.
Wir unterstehen der Inhaberschaft von Automattic und wir tauschen Daten mit Automattic und der Unternehmensgruppe von Automattic aus.
Daten, die über die Dienste an die Öffentlichkeit weitergegeben werden:
Wie oben in den Abschnitten "Inhalte von Usern" und "Systemeigene Aktionen" dargelegt, sind durch die Dienste publizierte Inhalte und viele Aktionen, die du in den Diensten ausführst, öffentlich. Da diese Daten öffentlich sichtbar sind und durch Suchmaschinen indexiert werden können (darunter die Google-Suche und die Yahoo-Suche) solltest du darauf achten, nur Informationen öffentlich zu machen, die du bedenkenlos mit allen teilen kannst.
Inhalte, die du auf Tumblr erstellst, sind per Standardeinstellung öffentlich. Dies bedeutet, dass jedermann diese Inhalte sehen kann und dass Suchmaschinen sie indexieren können. Wenn du wünschst, dass dein Blog nicht öffentlich ist, ziehe bitte die zusätzlichen
Datenschutzfunktionen
in Betracht, die wir anbieten.
Datenaustausch zwischen den Diensten:
Wir können Daten zu deiner Nutzung mehrerer Dienste zusammenfassen und solche konsolidierten Daten verwenden, um die Dienste zu erweitern und zu verbessern und neue Dienste zu entwickeln.
Daten, die du mit Diensten von Drittanbietern austauschst:
Du kannst in den Diensten Zugriff auf Dienste von Drittanbietern erhalten, beispielsweise durch das Anklicken externer Links. Es steht dir frei, Daten, die du uns zur Verfügung stellst (beispielsweise Blogeinträge) auch an Dienste von Drittanbietern weiterzugeben (beispielsweise durch das Teilen von Einträgen auf Twitter oder Facebook). Diese Datenschutzerklärung befasst sich allerdings nur mit Daten, die wir erfassen. Es obliegt dir, die Datenschutzrichtlinien der Drittanbieter-Dienste hinzuzuziehen.
Einträge, die du auf Tumblr veröffentlichst, kannst du automatisch auch auf anderen Websites (beispielsweise Facebook oder Twitter) veröffentlichen. Dort endet allerdings unsere Datenschutzerklärung und die Datenschutzrichtlinien anderer Anbieter finden Anwendung. Du solltest dich der Richtlinien von Diensten bewusst sein, an die du Daten weitergibst, bevor du diese mit deinem Tumblr-Account verknüpfst.
Daten, die mit unseren Beauftragten ausgetauscht werden, um die Dienste zu betreiben und zu verbessern:
In manchen Fällen geben wir von uns gespeicherte Daten (beispielsweise IP-Adressen) an Dritte wie Dienstanbieter, Berater und andere Beauftragte, ("
Beauftragte
"), weiter. Dies geschieht zum Zwecke des Betreibens, der Erweiterung und Verbesserung der Dienste sowie zur Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Dienste. Wir tauschen beispielsweise Daten mit Dienstanbietern aus, um Spam zu bekämpfen. Externe Berater können Zugriff auf Daten erhalten, wenn unsere Prozesse und Technologien verbessert werden. Die Beauftragten, an die wir solche Daten aus diesen Gründen weitergeben, sind generell durch entsprechende Vereinbarungen zur Vertraulichkeit verpflichtet. Unsere Beauftragten haben kein Recht, von uns erhaltene Daten über den Bereich und die Dauer hinaus zu nutzen, die zur Erfüllung ihrer Aufgaben notwendig sind.
Offenlegung von Daten im Zuge von Unternehmensübertragungen:
In manchen Fällen können wir uns dazu entschließen, Unternehmensbereiche zu erwerben oder zu verkaufen. In solchen Transaktionen gehören die Daten von Usern gewöhnlich zu den geschäftlichen Aktiva, die übertragen werden. Werden wir bzw. unsere wesentlichen Aktiva erworben, oder beenden wir die geschäftliche Tätigkeit oder melden Insolvenz an, gehören Daten von Usern zu den Aktiva, die an Dritte übertragen oder von diesen erworben werden können. Solche Übertragungen können vorkommen und zu den berechtigten Interessen der beteiligten Parteien gehören. Nach einer solchen Übertragung kann der Käufer, der uns oder unsere Aktiva erworben hat, deine Daten weiterhin gemäß dieser Datenschutzerklärung nutzen.
Sollten wir (erneut!) übernommen werden oder unsere geschäftliche Tätigkeit beenden (bestimmt nicht), kann die Übertragung von Aktiva von uns an den Käufer Daten von Nutzern umfassen. Käufern ist die Nutzung der Daten ausschließlich in der Weise gestattet, die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegt wird.
Weitergabe von Informationen zur Erfüllung gesetzlicher und behördlicher Anforderungen:
Wir glauben an die freie Meinungsäußerung und versuchen, unsere Community vor unbegründeten rechtlichen Forderungen zu schützen, soweit dies möglich ist. Dennoch kann es vorkommen, dass wir Informationen über dich als Reaktion auf eine Vorladung, einen Gerichtsbeschluss oder eine andere behördliche Anfrage weitergeben. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir auf Anfragen nach Informationen über Tumblr-User:innen reagieren, findest du in unseren
Richtlinien der Strafverfolgung
. Wenn du eine Domain bei uns registriert hast, können wir deine Daten außerdem weitergeben, um die Vorschriften, Regeln oder Richtlinien der Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) einzuhalten. Zum Beispiel können deine Informationen zu deiner Domain-Registrierung in der WHOIS-Datenbank verfügbar sein, oder wir sind verpflichtet, deine Daten an von der ICANN zugelassene Streitbeilegungsdienstleister weiterzugeben. Weitere Informationen findest du in unserem Support-Dokument
Domainregistrierungen und Datenschutz
.
Informationen, die zu unserem Schutz und zum Schutz anderer offengelegt werden:
Wir behalten uns das Recht vor, auf Informationen zuzugreifen, diese aufzubewahren und offenzulegen, wenn wir dies nach eigenem Ermessen für notwendig erachten, um (i) einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung oder einer behördlichen Aufforderung nachzukommen, (ii) diese Datenschutzrichtlinie, unsere
Nutzungsbedingungen
und alle anderen Vereinbarungen, die wir mit dir getroffen haben, durchzusetzen
, einschließlich der Untersuchung möglicher Verstöße gegen diese, (iii) Betrug, Sicherheits-, Vertrauens- und Gefährdungsfragen oder technische Probleme aufzudecken, zu verhindern, zu untersuchen oder anderweitig zu lösen (einschließlich des Informationsaustauschs mit anderen Unternehmen und Organisationen zur Verbesserung der Sicherheit und zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Spam und Malware), (iv) auf Supportanfragen von User:innen zu reagieren oder (v) Rechte, Eigentum, Gesundheit oder Sicherheit von uns, unseren User:innen, Dritten oder der Öffentlichkeit im Allgemeinen zu schützen, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf Situationen, in denen Gewalt, Suizid oder selbstverletzendes Verhalten möglich sind.
Wir haben nicht den Wunsch, unsere Nutzer zu überwachen. Wir haben die Nutzer von Tumblr aber davor zu schützen sich, andere oder uns zu schädigen. Der Ausgleich zwischen Datenschutz und Community ist für uns ein stetiges Anliegen und wir sind sicher, dass unsere Nutzer Verständnis dafür haben, dass es sich hierbei um eine ernsthafte und komplexe Aufgabe handeln kann.
Weitergabe von Daten mit deiner Einwilligung oder auf deinen Wunsch:
Ungeachtet deiner nachfolgend erwähnten Rechte als User aus der EU werden wir, wenn du uns hierzu aufforderst, Daten über deinen Account freigeben, soweit dies sinnvoll und machbar ist.
Daten, die mit weiteren Dritten ausgetauscht werden:
Wir können öffentliche, zusammengefasste oder anonymisierte Daten mit natürlichen oder juristischen Personen, mit denen wir geschäftlich tätig sind,  austauschen oder ihnen gegenüber offenlegen.
Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung deiner Daten
Der Schutz unserer Systeme und der Daten unserer User ist von größter Bedeutung, um sicherzustellen, dass Tumblr-User eine sichere Benutzererfahrung genießen und uns weiterhin vertrauen.
Deine Accountdaten sind durch ein Passwort geschützt. Künftig können weitere Sicherheitsfunktionen hinzukommen, wie beispielsweise eine mehrstufige Authentifizierung. Sorgst du für Schutz vor unbefugtem Zugriff auf deinen Account und dessen Daten, indem du ein individuelles, sicheres und geschütztes Passwort erstellst und den Zugriff auf deinen Computer und Browser beschränkst, indem du dich abmeldest, sobald du die Nutzung der Dienste und des Accounts beendest.
Tumblr bewahrt deine Daten nur so lange auf, wie es für die gemäß dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegten Zwecke notwendig ist, solange dein Account bei Tumblr aktiv ist oder es notwendig ist, um die Dienste für dich bereitzustellen. Wenn du nicht mehr wünschst, dass Tumblr deine Daten verwendet, um die Dienste für dich bereitzustellen, kannst du deinen Account schließen und Tumblr wird die gespeicherten Daten löschen, soweit Tumblr nicht deine Daten zur Einhaltung rechtlicher Verpflichtungen, zur Beilegung von Streitfällen, zur Durchsetzung unserer Verträge oder wie anderweitig gesetzlich gestattet aufzubewahren und zu nutzen hat.
Es ist äußerst wichtig, dass du für alle deine Accounts im Internet jeweils ein individuelles Passwort hast, einschließlich deines Tumblr-Accounts. Wenn du Probleme damit hast, dir Passwörter zu merken, solltest du die Nutzung eines Dienstes wie
1Password
oder
LastPass
in Erwägung ziehen.
Berechtigte Interessen
Wir können deine Daten verwenden, um unsere Dienste und die Anzeigen und Inhalte, die wir dir zur Verfügung stellen, verbessern und anpassen zu können. Dazu kann auch die Weitergabe deiner Daten zu diesen Zwecken gehören. Wir tun das, wenn es notwendig ist, um unsere berechtigten Interessen und deine berechtigten Interessen am Erhalt personalisierter Inhalte und Dienste zu verfolgen. Die Verwendung und Weitergabe deiner Daten zu diesen Zwecken ist auch notwendig, damit wir unsere berechtigten Interessen verfolgen können, die darin bestehen, zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste genutzt werden, und um Lösungen zu entwickeln, mit denen wir unsere Dienste so ändern können, dass sie für dich und andere User spannender und interessanter sind. Die Verwendung deiner Daten aus den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Gründen ist auch notwendig, damit wir unsere berechtigten Interessen verfolgen können, die in der Verbesserung unserer Dienste, der Erkennung von Nutzungsmustern unserer Dienste, mehr Effizienz und Attraktivität unserer Dienste für die User liegen.
Wir können deine Daten auch zu Sicherheits- und Schutzzwecken verwenden, einschließlich der Weitergabe deiner Daten zu diesen Zwecken, und wir tun dies, um unser und dein berechtigtes Interesse an der Gewährleistung der Sicherheit unserer Dienste zu verfolgen, einschließlich der Verbesserung des Schutzes der User vor Belästigung, IP-Eingriffen, Spam sowie Kriminalität und Sicherheitsrisiken aller Art.
Du hast das Recht, einer solchen Verarbeitung zu widersprechen. Wenn du das tun möchtest, wende dich bitte an den Tumblr-Support.
Daten, auf die du zugreifen kannst
Als registrierter Nutzer hast du Zugriff auf die meisten der mit deinem Account verknüpften Daten. Melde dich dazu in den Diensten an und besuche die Seite mit den Account-Einstellungen. Nutzer haben in den Einstellungen ihres Browsers Zugriff auf Cookies und können diese löschen, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob sie bei uns registriert sind oder nicht.
Schließung deines Accounts und dessen Folgen
Wenn du deinen Account löschen möchten, kannst du das in den
Account-Einstellungen
tun. Mit der Löschung deines Accounts werden möglicherweise nicht alle von dir veröffentlichten Inhalte vollständig aus unseren Systemen entfernt, da Caching, Backups, Kopien oder Verweise auf deine Accountdaten möglicherweise nicht sofort entfernt werden.  Da das Wesen der Dienste jedoch durch Austausch geprägt ist, könnten öffentliche Aktivitäten in deinem Account, die vor der Löschung stattfanden (beispielsweise das Rebloggen deiner Blog-Einträge) auf unseren Servern gespeichert und öffentlich zugänglich bleiben.
Wir schätzen dich als Nutzer von Tumblr. Solltest du uns jedoch verlassen wollen, steht es dir frei, deinen Account jederzeit und aus beliebigen Gründen zu löschen. Die Löschung wird zum größten Teil sofort wirksam, aber es kann einige Zeit in Anspruch nehmen, sämtliche Inhalte aus unseren Archiven und Backups zu entfernen.
Es ist jedoch nicht möglich, Reblogs deiner Einträge zu entfernen. Diese verbleiben in den Blogs, in denen das Rebloggen vorgenommen wurde. Wie zuvor gesagt, kann es äußerst schwierig sein, etwas zu entfernen, das im Internet verbreitet wurde. Veröffentliche deshalb nur Inhalte, von denen du sicher bist, dass du sie veröffentlichen möchtest.
EU-Kontrollen und Datenschutzrechte
Wenn du deinen ständigen Wohnsitz in der EU hast, ist Tumblr dein Datenverantwortlicher. In Übereinstimmung mit dem EU-Recht hast du eine Reihe von Rechten und Entscheidungsmöglichkeiten hinsichtlich der Verwendung deiner Daten.
Zugriff und Portierung.
Wie im Abschnitt "Daten, auf die du zugreifen kannst" beschrieben, kannst du auf viele deiner Daten zugreifen, indem du dich in deinen Tumblr-Account einloggst. Wenn du zusätzlichen Zugriff benötigst oder wenn du keinen Tumblr-Account hast,
kontaktiere uns
, um eine Kopie deiner Daten anzufordern. Soweit gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, können wir deine Daten in einem leicht zugänglichen Format zur Verfügung stellen und bei der Übermittlung einiger dieser Daten an Dritte helfen.
Korrigieren, einschränken, löschen.
Du kannst auch die meisten
deiner Daten korrigieren, einschränken oder löschen, indem du dich auf Tumblr einloggst. Wenn du das nicht kannst oder du keinen Tumblr-Account hast,
kontaktiere uns
bitte. Weitere Informationen zum Löschen deines Accounts und zum Verlassen von Tumblr findest du im Abschnitt "Schließung deines Accounts".
Widerspruch.
Unter bestimmten Umständen, wie sie z. B. im Abschnitt "Berechtigte Interessen" oben beschrieben sind, hast du auch das Recht, der Verarbeitung deiner Daten durch uns zu widersprechen. In solchen Fällen werden wir die Verarbeitung deiner Daten einstellen, es sei denn, wir haben zwingende berechtigte Gründe für die Fortsetzung der Verarbeitung oder sie ist aus rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich. Wenn wir deine Daten zum Zwecke des Direktmarketings verwenden, kannst du jederzeit Einspruch erheben, indem du den Abmeldelink in derartigen Mitteilungen verwendest, deine
Account-Einstellungen
änderst oder
uns kontaktierst
.
Einwilligung widerrufen.
Du hast das Recht, deine Einwilligung zur Verarbeitung deiner Daten und zur Nutzung unserer Dienste jederzeit zu widerrufen. Ähnlich wie bei der Einwilligung durch Interaktion mit unseren Diensten kannst du auch über unsere Dienste deine Einwilligung widerrufen. Du kannst deinen Tumblr-Account wie oben beschrieben löschen.
Wenn du deine Einwilligung zur Nutzung oder Weitergabe deiner Daten für die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegten Zwecke widerrufst, hast du möglicherweise keinen Zugang zu allen (oder einem) unserer Dienste und wir können dir möglicherweise nicht alle (oder einen) der Dienste im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung und unserer Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen anbieten. In bestimmten Fällen können wir deine Daten weiterverarbeiten, nachdem du die Einwilligung widerrufen hast, und zwar wenn wir über eine entsprechende Rechtsgrundlage verfügen oder wenn dein Widerruf auf bestimmte Verarbeitungsvorgänge beschränkt war. So können wir beispielsweise Daten speichern, wenn wir dazu gesetzlich verpflichtet sind.
Beschweren.
Unbeschadet deiner sonstigen Rechte hast du auch das Recht, eine Beschwerde gegen uns bei deiner örtlichen Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen. Klicke
hier
, um deine örtliche Aufsichtsbehörde zu finden.
Übertragung
Da Tumblr ein US-amerikanisches Unternehmen ist, werden deine Daten in den USA erfasst und verarbeitet. Die Vereinigten Staaten haben unterschiedliche Datenschutzgesetze und Regeln in Bezug auf den staatlichen Zugang zu Informationen und verfügen möglicherweise nicht über die gleichen Datenschutzvorkehrungen wie dein Heimatland. Du kannst entscheiden, ob du unsere Dienste nutzen möchtest oder nicht. Wenn du sie jedoch nutzen möchtest, musst du unseren Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen zustimmen, die die Bedingungen des Vertrages zwischen uns und dir festlegen. Soweit davon ausgegangen wird, dass Tumblr deine Daten außerhalb des EWR überträgt, verlässt sich Tumblr auf die Tatsache, dass eine solche Übermittlung notwendig ist, um unsere Dienste an dich in Übereinstimmung mit dem Vertrag zwischen uns zu erbringen.
Änderungen an dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung von Zeit zu Zeit ändern, daher solltest du sie von Zeit zu Zeit überprüfen. Wenn wir wesentliche Änderungen vornehmen, werden wir dich entweder durch einen deutlichen Hinweis vor Inkrafttreten dieser Änderungen oder durch eine direkte Benachrichtigung informieren. Das Datum der letzten Änderung sagt dir, wann die Datenschutzerklärung zuletzt aktualisiert wurde.
Fragen und Bedenken
Solltest du Fragen oder Bedenken hinsichtlich des Datenschutzes bei der Nutzung der Dienste haben,
kontaktiere uns bitte
.
Du kannst uns auch über unser angeschlossenes Unternehmen in Europa erreichen, das, wie wir, zu Automattic gehört:
Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Business Centre, No.1 Lower Mayor Street
International Financial Services Centre
Dublin 1, Ireland
Link zu Vorversionen
Nachfolgend findest du einen Link zu Vorversionen unserer Datenschutzerklärung. Wir haben diese Versionen auf GitHub gespeichert. So kannst du die Versionen vergleichen und sehen, welche Bestimmungen sich geändert haben:
https://github.com/tumblr/policy/commits/master/privacy_localization/en_eu/privacy_policy.txt
Über
Apps
Tipps
Logo
Business
Buttons
Presse-Info
Jobs
Entwickler
Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen
Urheberrecht
Datenschutz
Richtlinien
Sicherheit
Globale Werbung
Sub-policy 10
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en:
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.