Privacy Policy & Data Security
We know privacy and data security are important for business and individuals. That’s why we at CREME are committed to protecting your privacy and information. This Privacy Policy describes the data protection practices of [The CREME Group Inc.] (“CREME,” “we,” “us,” or “our”).  This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect, receive, use, store, transfer, or process when you access or use CREME’s website, Services, mobile applications, or otherwise interact with us or any application (collectively referred to as “Online Services”). We periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will post any changes on this page and notify you of those changes.
This policy is supplemental to, and forms an integral part of, the Terms of Use (“Terms”), and is effective upon its incorporation into the Terms, which incorporation may be specified in the Terms, an Order, or an executed amendment to the Terms. The terms of this policy shall follow the Terms.
This policy also explains your choices surrounding how we use information about you, which include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you. If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Online Services or interact with any other aspect of our business.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Within the scope of the Terms and in its use of the services, Users shall be responsible for complying with all requirements that apply to it under applicable data protective, privacy, and security laws with respect to your processing and transmittal of information to CREME. You acknowledge and agree that you shall be solely responsible for:
Accuracy, quality, and legality of any information, including any user content;
Complying with all necessary laws concerning the collection and use of user content, including obtaining any necessary consents and authorizations
Ensuring You have the right to transfer, or provide access to, the user content to CREME for purposes of providing the Online Services under the Terms
WHAT WE MEAN BY PERSONAL INFORMATION
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means any information from or about a person or household that either identifies a person directly or that makes a person identifiable when it is combined with other information from or about that person from any source.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Online Services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below.
Information that is necessary for the use of
CREME
and its Online Services
We may ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the Online Services, including transferring any such information to a third party to facilitate the Online Services. This information is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. This information is also necessary for us to comply with various legal obligations. If you choose not to provide this information, we cannot provide you with access to the Online Services.
Account Information
. When you sign up for a CREME account, we require certain information such as your first name, last name, telephone number, email address, and date of birth.
Communications with CREME
and other Members
. When you communicate with CREME or use the Online Services, we collect information about your communication and any information you choose to provide.
Information you provide to us
At any point you may choose to provide us with additional personal information in order to obtain a better user experience when using the Online Services. This additional information will be processed based on our legitimate interest or when applicable, your consent. You may otherwise choose to provide us information when you fill in a form, update or add information to your Account, respond to surveys, post to community forums, participate in promotions, communicate with our customer care team, share your experience with us, or use other features of the Online Services.
Information we collect automatically when you use the Services
When you use the Online Services, we automatically collect certain information about your usage of the Online Services and how you use the Online Services. This information is necessary to ensure the best Online Services experience is available to you as well as enable us to comply with any applicable legal obligations and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide and improve the functionalities of the Online Services.
Location Information
. To better effectuate that service and provide users with the best experience, we may collect information about your precise or approximate location as determined through data such as your IP address or mobile device’s GPS to offer you an improved user experience. You can control the information CREME may connect in your mobile device’s settings menu. CREME may also collect this information even when you are not using the app if this connection is enabled through your settings or device permissions.
Usage Information
. We collect information about your interactions with the Online Information such as the pages or content you view, your searches, and communications.
Log Data and Device Information
. We automatically collect log data and device information when you access and use the Online Services, even if you have not created an account or logged in. That information includes, among other things: details about how you’ve used the Online Services (including if you clicked on links to third party applications), IP address, access dates and times, hardware and software information, device information, device event information, unique identifiers, crash data, cookie data, and the pages you’ve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Online Services.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
. To collect information contemplated in this section, may use Internet server logs, cookies, tracking pixels, and other similar tracking technologies. We use these technologies in order to offer you a more tailored experience in the future, by understanding and remembering your particular browsing preferences. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site, that enables us to: (i) recognize your computer or device; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of the Online Services you have visited; (iv) enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content and advertising tailored to your interests; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security and administrative functions.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information for various purposes depending on the types of information we have collected from and about you, in order to:
Respond to your request for information and provide you with more effective and efficient service
Contact you by email, postal mail, or phone regarding CREME and its products, services, surveys, research studies
Customize the content you see on the Online Services
Secure our Online Services and resolve technical issues being reported
Help us better understand your interests and needs, and improve the Online Services, including through research and reports, and test, improve, and create new products, features, and services. We automatically analyze and aggregate information to improve and develop similar features, to better integrate the Online Services you use, or to improve the Online Services similarity functionalities for purposes of providing information to users. We also test and analyze certain new features with some users before rolling the feature out to all users.
To allow access to third party services’ accounts
For our business purposes we have a legitimate interest, when we:
Operate the Online Services, including by transferring any information to necessary third parties to enable us to provide and operate the Online Services
Apply information security policies and controls on the Online Services, including overall integrity, identity management and account authentication
For research and development to improve CREME’s Services
Investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Online Services
Comply with any procedures, laws, and regulations which apply to us where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others
Establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others
For other purposes for which we obtain your consent
We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected through the Online Services so that such information does not identify you as the source of the information. We may use such information to improve the Services, by and through any third-party we use to integrate Online Services with the users’ database, for research.
DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND YOUR CHOICES
You have certain rights with respect to your information as further described in this section.
Your Legal Rights
If you would like further information in relation to your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us using the information in the “Data Controller & Contact Information” section below at any time. Your local laws (e.g., in California) may permit you to request that we:
provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you
prevent the processing of your information for direct-marketing purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on profiling)
update information which is out of date or incorrect
restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information
transfer your information to a third-party provider of services
revoke your consent for the processing of your information
We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable law. Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request.
DATA SECURITY
CREME cares deeply about data security. To that effect, CREME protects your information with industry standard technical and organizational measures to secure the information we store. We have implemented a range of controls and technical measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems. These include:
Force HTTPS on all connections, so data in-transit is encrypted with TLS.
Encrypt all database data at-rest with AES-256.
Host all servers on Amazon Web Services in the US, in data centers that are SOC 1, SOC 2 and ISO 27001 certified, protected with strong passwords and/or two-factor authentication
Maintain detailed audit logs of all internal systems.
Access control protocols to restrict data availability to those parties who need it.
While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
DATA RETENTION
We keep your information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.
SHARING
OF
INFORMATION
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by government authorities. We may disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share such information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or act regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms, or as otherwise required by law.
In certain circumstances, we share personal information with third parties where disclosure is necessary in connection with the delivery and offering of the Online Services to you and the operation of our business (for example, to provide payment-card processing, credit report checks, business analytics). These third-party service providers are required to protect personal information we share with them and may not use any directly identifying personal information other than to provide the services for which we have contracted them. They are not allowed to use the personal information we share for purposes of their own direct marketing (unless you have separately consented to such use under the terms provided by the third party). Any information shared will be governed by the third-party provider’s privacy policy (including any personal information we may access via the third-party provider). These third-party providers should inform you about how you can modify your privacy settings on their sites.
CALIFORNIA REQUIREMENTS
If you are a California resident, there are some additional rights that may be available to you under the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”). This policy explains the tools that we have made available to you to exercise your data rights under the CCPA, such as the right to deletion and the right to request access to the categories of information we have collected about you. We encourage you to manage your information, and to make use of the privacy controls we have included in our Services. You will not be discriminated against for exercising any of your privacy rights under the CCPA. In order to protect your information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to provide additional information for verification. If we cannot verify your identity, we will not provide or delete your information.
This policy describes the categories of personal information we may collect, the sources of that information, and our deletion and retention policies. We’ve also included information about how we may process your information, which includes for "business purposes" under the CCPA - such as to protect against illegal activities, and for the development of new products, features, and technologies.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller erase the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
DATA CONTROLLER & CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please contact us by email at
help@cre.me
, or at:
7600 Collins Ave, Apt 1202
Miami Beach, Florida, USA
33141