We at Vivipic (“Vivipic,”“we,”“our,” or “us”) recognize and respect the importance of maintaining the privacy of our users. Our Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect from you when you use our Services and/or website (“Site”) and explains how we may process, transfer, store, and disclose the information collected. By clicking on the button marked “I agree” you signify your assent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you don’t want your information to be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any part of it, please do not use the Service.
“
Personal Information
” means any information that refers, is related to or is associated with an identified or identifiable individual or as otherwise may be defined by applicable law.
■ The information we collect and how it is used
For legitimate business purposes such as promoting and advertising our Service, protecting ourselves from fraud and defending legal claims, managing customer relationships, ensuring the security and quality of the Services, and facilitating any other legitimate business interests that we pursue, we may collect Personal Information about you, such as your name, contact information (include but not limited to email address, phone number, shipping address), profession, payment information, IP address, and any other personally identifiable information. Moreover, for purpose of improving our Vivipic Services, we may collect user information and your browser’s activities in relation to the Service.
We may use data in an aggregated, non-specific format to analyze and improve Vivipic Services and our users’ experience, as well as compile statistical information across a variety of users (“
Statistical Information
“). Statistical Information is anonymous and aggregated and we will not link Statistical Information to any Personal Information.
We may keep, use, or process the personal information we collected as long as it is necessary to carry out the purposes set out above and for the purpose of complying with its legal obligations.
■ We may store and process your information collected through our Service in any other country where Vivipic or its business partners, affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities. You consent to the transfer of information to any other country in which Vivipic or its business partners, affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities and to the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. These third parties will only receive the information necessary to provide the particular service; the information will be stored and protected under Vivipic’s principles and cannot be used for any other purpose.
■ Your social media account provider (e.g. Facebook and Google) will provide us with information about you when you choose to link your social media account with our Service. For example, if you log in through Facebook, your social media provider will give us your Facebook user identification number.
■
Data Security
We have implemented industry-recognized measures to prevent security breaches and ensure the safety of your personal information but we cannot guarantee that it will be 100% secure. If you have an account with us, note that you have to keep your username and password secret.
■
A
ccount deletion
To delete your account, navigate to ‘Login & Security’ on the website and click the ‘Delete Account’ button. Then, follow the on-screen instructions. Your account will be permanently removed upon your confirmation. You can also contact us
at
https://blog.vivipic.com/us/contact/
. We will process your deletion request within 10 business days.
■
Conditions of Disclosure to Third Parties
We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity, behavior, or (digital) content and information of or related to an individual, including in the event of any user suspected to have engaged in illegal or infringing behavior. We may also share your Personal Information with third parties: (1) if we believe in good faith that disclosure is appropriate to protect our rights, property, or safety (including the enforcement of the Terms and this Privacy Policy); (2) to protect the rights, property or safety of third parties; (3) when required by law, regulation subpoena, court order or other law enforcement related issues; or (4) as is necessary to comply with any legal and/or regulatory obligation.
■
Your Rights
You have the right to request to know the personal information we have about you, to obtain a copy of your information, but we may, at its discretion, charge the necessary costs and expenses. You can request that we correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you and you should notify us of any changes to your personal information.
You should inform us of any changes to your personal information. You also have a right to rectify any inaccuracies in the personal information we hold about you by requesting us. You can request that we delete and stop using your personal information. However, we may need to keep certain information that you request to delete in certain circumstances, including a legal requirement or for the exercise or defense of legal claims.
■
Cookies
We may use cookies and similar technologies to help personalize your experience. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work. You can control or reset your settings to determine which cookies you do or do not allow. However, the Services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
■
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice to you. We will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page. Please come back to this page every now and then to make sure you are familiar with the latest version. Any new Privacy Policy will be effective from the date it is updated.