Last Update Date : 21 Feb 2022
Privacy Policy:-
Appwallet Technologies has adopted this privacy policy to explain how we collects, stores and uses the user (“User” or “You”) information acquired in connection with our products, services or websites (“Service”). This policy applies to all Appwallet Technologies Apps Services unless the Service has an overriding policy.
Personal Information:-
We may access some personal information like Camera, Gallery, Device data (Internal & External stored data ) and Geological Location in order to provide best future services. But with your permission third parties advertisers may get more data about you to provide good services.
IN-APP PURCHASES
The app includes In-App Purchases (IAP). In-app purchases may be made only upon entering the App Store Password and you are responsible for maintaining the security of such password. Be aware of the iOS 15-minute window for making additional purchases / in-app purchases, during which your password may not be required.
To prevent accidental purchases (including those without your knowledge and permission), we suggest you use password protection on your iPhone:
Step 1. Tap «Settings» > «General» > «Restrictions» > «Allowed Content» > «Password Settings»;
Step 2. Under «Purchases and In-App Purchases», tap the setting «Always Require».
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
please be aware that unauthorised entry or use, hardware or software failure, hacking, the inherent insecurity of the Internet and other factors, may compromise the security of your personal information at any time. As such, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information, and we will have no liability to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse or alteration.
Sharing your Personal Information:-
We do not collect, save, and share or misuse your personal information.
Cookies:-
We do not use cookies. But our third parties advertisers may use cookies to get data for better services.
Mobile Analytics:-
We are using mobile analytics software to analyse the performance of our apps and usage information.
Change to this Privacy Policy:-
We reserve the right to change or modify this privacy policy at any point of time in future without prior notice. You are requested to visit our site frequently to know the changes.
Google Adsenses:-
We display advertisements in our free apps to fund the development process for current and future Services.
Also, we promote our apps by cross promotion. It means while you are using one of our apps, our other apps ad will display on it.
The advertisements are provided by third party companies and they may use and collect anonymous data about the User’s interests to be able to select more relevant advertisements. This information may also include location data and unique device identifier. No information is collected to allow third parties identifying you as a person.
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device,  but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices.
To provide users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further specified under Information Sharing) for the purpose of serving them with personalized advertisement in the App (behavioral advertising).
Contact us:-
If you have concern about your personal information being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at appwallettechnologies@gmail.com , we will endeavour to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.