Privacy Policy
You can enjoy our service through different ways, such as searching and sharing information, communicate with the others, creating new content, and so on. If you are sharing information (such as creating an account) with us, we are obliged to provide you with a better service. For instance, advertisement and search results will be more suitable for your viewing, helping you stay connected with your friends or share information with others easily. Since you have chosen our service, we hope you can have a clearer picture on the administration and also your own privacy protection.
Our Privacy Policy has explained the questions as shown below:
The information that we collected, and the reason of collect it.
The administration of these information.
The choices that we provided for you, which include how to access and update the information.
We want to make sure you are able to understand fully so if you are not familiar with Cookie, IP, pixel labeling, browser, and these specific terms, do get more details regarding these terms. We pay great attention towards users’ right of privacy, do give us a few minutes to know more about our convention. Do not hesitate to contact us if there’s any issue.
The Information Collected
We aim to provide a better service for all the users by collecting user’s information, which consist of some basic info (e.g. language used), and also some perplexed info (e.g. which advertisement or person on internet that you feel is important).
Two information collection methods:
Information that you provided to us. For example, most of our services require you register an account. When you register, you’ll need to provide a little personal information, such as your name, email address, mobile number, or credit card number. If you wish to fully enjoy our variety sharing function, you might need to create a public profile of personal information, which might include your name and photo.
Information collected during the process that you using our services.We will collect the data regarding the service and methods which you have used, such as the website of advertisement service you have accessed or your interaction with these related information. Those information included:
i.Device Information
We might collect specific information for devices (e.g. the hardware model, operation system version, unique identifiers, phone number, or any other mobile network information). We will link your device identifiers or phone number with your account.
ii.Diary Information
When you using or checking content which provided by us, some information might be collected and stored in server dairy automatically. Those information included detail usage towards our services, such as search contents; phone diary information, such as your phone number, called and dialed number, call time and date, call duration, message routing information, and call type.
iii.IP
Device event information, such as crash, system activity, hardware setting, browser type, browser language, request time and date, recommend url, and the cookie that can unique identify your browser or your account.
iv.Location Information
Once you start using GPS function in our service, we might collect and process the actual location information which related to you (e.g. GPS signal sent form mobile device). We might also tack by using different technology, such as the sensor data from your device can provide nearby Wi-Fi access point and base station information.
v.Unique Application Series Number
Some services include unique application series number. When you install or uninstall related service or when these services communicate with our server at fixed period (e.g. Software auto update), the system will send this series number and install related information (e.g. Operation system type and application version number) to us.
vi.Local Storage
We might use internet storage of browser or such mechanism (include HTML5) and application data cache to collect the data on your device (include personal information) and proceed local storage.
vii.Cookie and Anonymity Identifier
When you access our services, we will collect and store the data by using variety technique, and one or more cookies or anonymity identifier will be sent to your device during this process. When you interact with our partners’ services which provided by us (e.g. Advertisement services or any other functions which might reveal on other websites), we will use cookies and anonymity identifier too.
How the collected information being used
The information collected from all services will be used for supplying, maintenance, protection, and improvement on our services. Developing new service and protecting users will be done at the same time. We will use such information to provide you customize content, such as higher relevant search result and advertisement.
We might use your name in your personal information for the services which require your account. Other than that, we might replace your previous name which linked to your account to make sure that you are using the same identity in all our services. If other users who knows your Email address or any other information which can identify your identity, we will show them your public personal information, such as your name and photo.
When you contact us, we will save the communication record which will be helpful for us to solve any problems that you have faced. We will send our service email to your email address, such as informing you on the upcoming changes or improvement.
We will use Cookies and other techniques (e.g. Pixel labeling) to collect information, for the aim to improve user’s experiences, and increasing our overall service quality. For example, we can reveal our service as your first choice language according to your language preference setting. Other than that, we will not link the Cookie or anonymity identifier with sensitive category (e.g. Races, religion, sexual orientation, or physical condition) when showing the customize advertisement.
We might combine the personal information from a service with other service (included personal information) to simplify the sharing process and make you share information with anyone you know easier. We will not combine and use Double Click Cookie information with personal information without your permission.
We will get your permission before using the information on other unstated purpose in this privacy policy.
Our servers for processing personal information are spread all over different countries/region. Thus, the server used to process your personal information might not be located at your country/region.
Transparency and Option
Different people have different focus on right of privacy, but our aim is to point out clearly what information we have collected, which will help you choose the method of use easily. For example, you can:
View and control types of information linked to your account by using Game Info Center.
View and modify your advertisement preference setting (e.g. Interest on which category) through Advertisement Setting. You can choose to stop some advertisement service through Advertisement Setting.
View and customize your personal information for what and how to reveal it towards certain user by using our editor.
Control your information sharing target.
Retrieve information from our various services.
You can customize your own browser to hold back all Cookie (which includes the Cookie that is linked to our service) or provide reminder when we set the Cookie. However, please pay attention that if you stop using the Cookie, it will cause most of our services to not function correctly. For example, we might be unable to save your language preference setting.
The Information You Have Shared
Most of our services enable you to share information with others. Kindly note that when you publicize the information, various search engine might store these information into the reference. Our service has provided you various options which are related to sharing and deleting content.
Access and Update Your Personal Information
Whenever you are using our service, we will always try our best to let you access to your personal information smoothly. We will also work hard to provide different methods to let you update or delete information (except retain these information for legitimate business or legal purpose) if error occurs on these information. We might require you to verify your identity first before processing your requirement when you update your personal information.
We might reject the requirement which is repeating for no reason and requiring too many technical methods (e.g. Developing a new system or changing current practice fundamentally), has risk tendency towards other person’s privacy right, or very unrealistic (e.g. Involves backing up the information on magnetic tape).
We will provide free service to let you access and modify information as long as it does not require too much input. We aim to complete maintenance towards the service in order to protect the information from being destroyed accidentally or purposely. Therefore, we might not delete the copy of remained information from server immediately and corresponding information from backup system also when you have deleted the information from our server.
The Information We Have Shared
We will not share user’s personal information with other companies, organizations, and individual apart from us, except the condition as listed below:
Get Your Permission
We will share your personal information with other companies, organizations, and individual other then us after getting your permission. We will share any personal information after your agreement.
Share with Domain Administrator
If your account is managed by domain administrator (e.g. our apps user is under this situation), then your domain administrator and agency which provide user support for your organization will have the right to access to your account information (which included your Email and other data). Your domain administrator can precede the operation as below:
View statistical information of your account, such as statistical information of the applications have installed.
Change your account password.
Stop or terminate access permission for your account.
Access or store information which saved in your account.
Receive your account information to fulfill legislation, laws and regulations, and legal procedure requirement, or compulsory requirement from government.
Restrict you from delete or modify information or customize right of privacy.
For more details, please refer to your domain administrator privacy policy.
For External Processing
We will provide user personal information to institution which links to us, any other trusted producer, or individuals, to let them process information as stated as above by following our statements, privacy policy, and any other related confidential and safety precautions.
For Legal Purpose
If we believe that, access, use, remain, or disclosure related information is necessary to achieve the aim as shown below, we will share user’s personal information with other companies, organizations, and individual other then us:
To fulfill legislation, laws and regulations, and legal procedure requirement, or compulsory requirement from government.
To execute applicable terms of service (included checking possible violation condition).
To search, prevent, or manage cheating, security, or technical problem.
To protect our user’s, or public’s right, property, or security from damage within the legal requirement or permission.
To share a summary of the non-personal information with public and cooperative partner (e.g. The publishers, advertisement client, or linked website). For example, we will disclose external to let the public get to know overall trend of using of our service.
If we involves in merging, acquisition, asset sale, or other business trading, we will continue make sure its confidentiality and inform the affected user before proceed to transfer any personal information or being restricted by other privacy policy.
Information Security
We put effort into providing protection for us and our users, in order to avoid the information we stored being access, modify, disclose, or damage without authorization. Therefore, we special adopt measures as below:
We encrypt most servers by using SSL.
We provide 2 verification steps for you when access to your account, and provide safe browsing function in Chrome browser at the same time.
We will investigate collection, storage, and processing information (included physical security measures) to avoid each system being accessed without authorization.
We only allow our employees, contractor, and agency who help in managing to access personal information, and they are carrying out a strict confidential contract. If they cannot fulfill the duties as stated in the contract, might undertake legal liability or terminate the relationship with us.
Scope of Application for Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy is suitable for all services provided by our Inc. , which included the service on other websites (e.g. Our advertisement service), but not included the service that has its own privacy policy (which does not merge into the current policy privacy).
Our privacy policy is not suitable for the service which is provided by other company or individual. For example, products or websites which reveal in search result, the websites which includes our service, or other websites from our service link. For the other company or organization which is advertising our service, might using Cookie, pixel labeling, and other technique to serve and provide related advertisement, our privacy policy is not cover such information processing convention.
Compliance of Policy and Coordination with Regulatory Authority
We will check regularly the compliance condition. Other than that, we also comply with some self-regulation framework. We will contact the complainant after we received a formal written complaint to take further action. We will cooperate with supervision organization (which included local data protection agency) to solve the complaints regarding to personal data transfer problem which cannot be solved directly between us and user.
Modification
We might modify the privacy policy anytime. We will not cut down your right as according to current privacy policy version without your agreement. We will public any modification for privacy policy at current page. For significant modification, we will provide a more remarkable inform (which included some services, we will inform through Email to explain the specific modification for privacy policy). We will save the old version of privacy policy for your reference.
Convention for Specific Products
Remarks as below introduce some specific right of privacy convention of our product and service respectively:
Chrome browser and Chrome operation system
Other useful materials which related to privacy and security
If needed more useful materials related to privacy and security, please refer to policies and principles page, which includes:
Information that related to our technical and principle, and also the information consist of the detail as above:
How we using Cookie.
The technique used on advertisement by us.
How we identify human face and other modes.
Introduce you when accessing our advertisement, analysis, and social products website, what page of data that we will receive.
Our security center has provided the information regarding how to surf internet safely.
If you need to delete information, please contact with official service email.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR SERVICES. This Statement of Rights and Responsibilities ("Statement," "Terms") derives from our principles, and is our terms of service that governs our relationship with users and others who interact with us, as well as our brands, products and services, which we call the “Services”. By using or accessing our Services, you agree to this Statement, as updated from time to time. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PROMPTLY EXIT THIS PAGE AND STOP ACCESSING THE SERVICES.
Rules of Account:
(1) Passwords and Security: At the time your Account is opened, you must select a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and you are responsible for any harm resulting from your disclosure or allowing the disclosure of your password or from use by any person of your password to gain access to your Account and Account ID. At no time should you respond to an online request for a password. We will never ask for your password offline or online, except that you will be required to enter your password as part of the log-on process, or when you are requesting us to perform certain service that requires your password authentication, in which case you will only send your password to our designated email address or our Web Site. You agree to (i) notify us immediately if you are aware of or reasonably suspect any unauthorized use of your Account or password, and (ii) ensure that you exit from your Account at the end of each session.
(2) Account ID: At the time your Account is opened, you may be required to choose a name to identify yourself (your "Account ID"). You may not select as your Account ID a name which violates any third party's trademark right, copyright, or other proprietary right, or which may mislead others to believe you to be an employee of ours, or which we deem in our sole discretion to be vulgar or otherwise offensive. We reserve the right to delete, or to change, or terminate or suspend access through, any vulgar or otherwise offensive Account ID. You are solely liable for all activities conducted through your Account or under your Account ID.
(3) Account: You agree that you do not own or have any property interest in the Account, the characters we store on our servers, the Free Game Resource or Premium Game Resource in the Account, or any other intellectual property or data which our Games, Software, other Services, servers and Accounts are comprised of, are properties of ours and/or our licensors and/or any relevant third party platform. All rights in and to our Games, characters, the Free Game Resource and Premium Game Resource, Software, other Services, servers and Accounts shall inure to our benefit. We reserve all rights to maintain, manage, consolidate, switch, migrate, terminate, dispose and administer our servers for the provision of the Services as we may deem fit in our sole discretion without any liability to you whatsoever.
Any purchases of Virtual Goods or Virtual Currency by you from us are final. No refunds will be given, except in the sole discretion of our GROUP. If your user Account or your use of this Site is terminated or suspended for any reason, or if we permanently discontinue the Services or this Site for any reason, then those amounts all of your Virtual Goods and Virtual Currency for which you have not paid in real money will be immediately forfeited.
(4) Character Name: In order to use the Services, you may be required to create a character for certain our Games and choose a name for your character to identify your character to other Users (your "Character Name"). You may not select as your Character Name, a name that: (i) impersonates another person, whether another User, Non-Player Character (“NPC”) or game master or otherwise;(ii) may mislead others to believe you to be an employee of ours,(iii) is or may be illegal or protected by trade mark, copyright, or other proprietary right, or cause confusion;(iv) may be rude, humiliating, defamatory, vulgar, hurtful, threatening, abusive, obscene, libelous, hateful, offensive or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable including any name that is sexual in nature;(v) comprises of invalid characters or special characters or phrases or sentences or gibberish; or(vi) we otherwise deem, in our sole discretion, inappropriate, regardless of our software’s ability to disallow such names.
(5) You can request to delete your personal information. We aim to provide services in a way that protects your personal information from accidental or malicious destruction. Therefore, after you delete your personal information, we may not immediately delete the remaining copies in our active servers and our backup system. If such information is no longer needed for the purpose of using the information, we will delete the information you have deleted within a reasonable time. (i)Such data deletion requests should be made through the contact information provided by us in the game. (ii)When updating or deleting your personal information, we may require you to verify your identity before processing your request.
(6) We may reject the following requests: (I) Repeated requests; (II) Requests that require us to make a disproportionate technical effort (for example, to develop new systems or structurally change our existing practices); (III) Requests that influence the privacy of others; Or (IV) impractical requests (for example, requesting to delete information in the backup tape).
Rules of Games:
You agree that your use of the Service shall be lawful and that you will comply with the usage rules. In furtherance of the foregoing, and as an example and not as a limitation, you agree not to use the Service in order to:
(1) post, upload, transmit or otherwise disseminate information that is obscene, indecent, vulgar, pornographic, sexual or otherwise objectionable
(2) defame, libel, ridicule, mock, stalk, threaten, harass, intimidate or abuse anyone, hatefully, racially, ethnically or, in a reasonable person’s view, otherwise offensive or objectionable
(3) upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or transmit) files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or data, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Service or other users’ computers
(4) violate the contractual, personal, intellectual property or other rights of any party including using, uploading, transmitting, distributing, or otherwise making available any information made available through the Service in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other right of any party (including rights of privacy or publicity)
(5) attempt to obtain passwords or other private information from other members
(6) improperly use support channels or complaint buttons to make false reports to us
(7) develop, distribute, or publicly inform other members of “auto” software programs, “macro” software programs or other “cheat utility” software program or applications in violation of the applicable License Agreements
(8) exploit, distribute or publicly inform other members of any game error, miscue or bug which gives an unintended advantage
(9) violate any applicable laws or regulations, or promote or encourage any illegal activity including, but not limited to, hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software, or cheats or hacks for the Service
We reserve the right to delete, or to change, or terminate or suspend access through, any vulgar or otherwise offensive Account ID.
Force Majeure:
We shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside the reasonable control of us, including without limitation any failure to perform hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond our control such as acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.
HOW CAN YOU WITHDRAW CONSENT, REQUEST ACCESS TO OR CORRECT INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO US?
Withdrawing Consent
You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure and/or request deletion of your personal data in our possession or under our control by sending an email to our Data Protection Officer at service@unlock.game. We will process such requests in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our obligations under applicable Privacy Laws and other applicable law.
However, your withdrawal of consent and/or request to delete personal data in in our possession or control may mean that we will not be able to continue providing the Services to you, and we may need to terminate your existing relationship and/or the contract you have with us.