PRIVACY
TERMS
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy has been created to inform how we collect, store, use and protect the
                    information when we provide you our services. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully to get a
                    clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable
                    Information in accordance with our website.
Information we may collect
The data you provide to us directly may be collected:
Your device information;
Your physical location;
Cookies and other technologies;
Your activities through our game apps or third-party application;
Any other information included in your application, social network or other online profile.
How do we use your information?
The information we collect from you is mainly for your better experience when using our products,
                    but also some other uses include:
To optimize and improve our your game experience and our services;
To allow you to create your game accounts and pay to our products;
To communicate with you;
Marketing investigation;
Dealing with your transactions efficiently;
To inform you of our latest update, current sale and new features;
To provide supports and service to your problems;
To manage the Services;
To personalize user experience;
To ensure the technical function and security of the service;
To protect our rights and property.
How do we disclose your information?
We attach great importance to your information which we collect from you, and we will not sell
                    ,lease, rent or otherwise disclose your data to any third-party groups unless otherwise stated
                    below.
Your personal data may be disclosed by following items:
To the service providers such as network provider, cloud storage providers and payment processors;
When our services and your personal data are involved in a crime;
When it relate to the rights of our service and other third-parties;
Security
We truly value your personal data and we use proper measures to protect the security of all the
                    information. While we take precautions to prevent possible security breaches, our services and our
                    customer databases and records, no web or Internet transmission are completely secure . We can not
                    guarantee unauthorized access, hackers, data loss or other irregularities will never happen, we can
                    not guarantee your information in the transmission to our service security. Any transmission will
                    take its own risks. If you have any questions about the security of our website, please let us know.
Our policy towards children
Most of our websites and games do not apply to children under the age of 13, and we do not
                    knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 years of age. Children under 13
                    are not allowed to use these websites or games at any time. If we understand that we have
                    inadvertently collected personal information for children under 13 years of age, we will take
                    reasonable steps to quickly delete this information from the records.
Modifications to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to make substantial changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notice by notification to
                    inform you and other players. We can supplement this process by placing notifications on game blogs,
                    social networking pages and other sites. You should regularly check the privacy page for updates.
CHANGE AND DELETE YOUR INFORMATION
If you want to review, update, correct or delete the information that MIRROR has about you or have
                   additional questions, you can refer to the GDPR Page and contact us. If you completely delete all this information,
                   your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us 
                   and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record.
Contact us
If you are still have questions about our Privacy Policy, contact us through the following email
                    address: service@mirroringtech.com
Copyright © 2022. All rights reserved.
                Mirroring Tech Ltd.