Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at postarteditor@gmail.com
At this we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by this App and how we use it.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our apps, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you enter information on our apps. All the videos recorded using our app are stored on the user's phone.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the application, or use certain other site or app features.
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers. We do not use Malware Scanning.
Third Party Privacy Policies
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Our app's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or apps.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our apps. These third-party apps have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google Adsense & Admob Advertising on our website & app.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Remarketing with Google AdSense
• Google Display Network Impression Reporting
• Demographics and Interests Reporting
• DoubleClick Platform Integration
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Children's Information
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time in apps with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. Our apps does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that our apps has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Friday, Aug. 10th, 2022
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it