get_moji
English
Arabic
Chinese (Simplified)
French
German
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish
en
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: November 17, 2023
Purpose of use:
We use and store your information as part of our services for the following purposes:
To create a public user profile for you on Moji;
To provide a curated community, where access is restricted to members only. We take best efforts to prevent abuse and ban offenders, as soon as we are made aware;
To send information relevant to the service (e.g. via email) or push notification (e.g. updates on your membership status, missed calls/messages, new followers);
To target ads in the app (this can be turned off in settings);
To find Moji partners nearby;
To understand how Moji is used and optimize the service;
To help keep our community safe, friendly and accountable in both one-on-one chats, parties and group chats;
For corresponding with you;
For processing contracts with you;
For advertising purposes such as the dispatch of our newsletter; On quality assurance and statistics;
For your participation in our surveys;
To consider your application for membership and for community moderation; In order to improve our service.
How we collect information:
Information you give us directly.
Registration information. When you sign up to use the app, you provide us with basic information like your phone number, age, country, and gender.
Profile information. When you create a profile on the app, you provide us with information such as profile pictures, name (first and/or last), and any other information you choose to provide.
Messages. When you send or receive a message through the app, we collect the contents of the message, any attachments to the message (including, for example, voice messages and photos), and information about the message (such as who you are communicating with)
Moji communications. When you reach out to us (through, for example, an in-app report or email, we collect and store the contents and details of that communication, including things like date, time, method of communication, and resolution (if applicable).
Location Information. When you use our services we may collect information about your location. With your permission, we may also collect information about your precise location that includes methods such as GPS signals.
Polls, surveys, and questionnaires. When you voluntarily respond to polls, surveys, and questionnaires, we receive the contents of your responses and any other information you provide, such as your address and basic demographic information.
Information we collect when you use our Services.
Log and data usage information. We collect information about your activity on the Services and how you use the Services, such as the date and time you send a message, who you chat with, your internet protocol (“IP”) address, and how you use third-party websites or services accessed through the app
Device and browser information. We collect information from and about the device you use to access our Services.
Location information. We use your IP address to infer your general location when you use the Services.
Information we get from Third Parties.
We may receive information about you from third parties, including third parties that integrate with the Services or that provide services to us. This may include information such as log and data usage information collected from our Services or other online services, device and browser information, location information, and information collected through cookies or other similar technologies.
How we use the information:
We use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain, improve, and enhance the Services. We use information we collect about you to provide the Services you request from us and to provide the functionality of the app and the features you choose to use.
Personalize your experience on the Services. For example, we use the information we collect to personalize content and make suggestions that are relevant to you.
Understand and analyze how you use the Services. We aim to continuously improve our offerings to bring you the best way to make meaningful connections. Accordingly, we are continuously analyzing how users access and use the app and its features in order to improve existing Services and develop new ones. Our analysis of how you use the app can help us do things like evaluate the popularity and functionality of certain features, identify and fix potential bugs, and understand what our users want.
Communicate with you. The information we collect lets us respond to your comments and questions or otherwise provide customer support, and keep you updated on other information such as Moji’s latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events.
Enable social functionality. We use the information we collect to support the social functionality of the Services, including to allow you to post content on third party services, such as social media networks.
Promote safety and security. We also use information to find and prevent fraud and promote trust and safety on the Services. For example, we may scan your messages for inappropriate content to protect the safety and integrity of our Services and users.
Compliance purposes. We may use the information we collect to enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
Deliver ads and other sponsored content. We use the information we collect, including information about your interests, actions and connections, -to select, personalize, and deliver ads, offers and other sponsored content.
Send you push notifications. We may use the information we collect to send you push notifications.
Other purposes. We may also use the information we collect for other purposes for which we provide notice at the time the information is collected.
How we share the information:
Other users. Our Service is a social service intended to help you make new friends and interact with them. Please be aware that your profile information will always be viewable by other users. You may edit your profile information within the app through your profile settings. We are not responsible for other users’ use of available information, so you should carefully consider whether and what to include in your profile or otherwise share through the Services.
Our service providers. We share the information we collect with third-party service providers that help operate our business. Examples include suppliers who host our data or provide customer service.
To protect Moji and its users, or for legal purposes. We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to:
detect, prevent or address fraud or other illegal activity
respond to your requests;
comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as subpoenas, warrants, production orders, or similar instruments; or
protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety, including when there is an emergency involving potential harm, loss of security or serious injury to people or threats of such emergencies. For the avoidance of doubt, we may disclose your information if you post any objectionable content on or through the Services.
Merger, financing or sale. We may share your information with service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a merger, financing, acquisition, dissolution transaction, bankruptcy or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, or divestiture of all or a portion of our business or assets.
Consent. We may also share your information with your permission.
Your rights:
As a Moji user, you have the right to access, rectification, right to object, to complaint, erasure and blockage with regard to your personal data. More specifically:
You have the right to request information about whether and which personal data is processed by our company. You also have the right to demand that your personal data is rectified or amended.
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to request that your personal data should be deleted.
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand that the processing of your personal data should be restricted.
You can withdraw your consent to the processing and use of your data completely or partially at any time with future application.
If you have any questions, comments, complaints or requests in connection with our statement on data protection and the processing of your personal data, you can also contact us in detail.
Legal basis:
California consumers privacy rights:
We do not sell your personal information so no opt-out choice is necessary.
What this means is that we do not sell, rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, transfer, or otherwise communicate in any way your personal information to another company for monetary or other valuable consideration.
You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; and
the categories of personal information about you that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.
You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you. If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment.
GDPR legal basis:
Your data is processed according to the following legal provisions:
With regard to data communicated in forms, etc. with your consent, Art. 6(1) (a) GDPR;
With regard to services you use for the performance of a contract, Art. 6(1) (b) GDPR;
The fulfilment of legal obligations, Art. 6(1) (c) GDPR),
With regard to messages you share with your Moji partners, both in one-on-one chats, Moji Parties and group chats, based on their legitimate interests, Art 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Otherwise, with particular regard to statistical data and online identifiers based on legitimate interests, Art 6(1)(f) GDPR (see below).
legitimate interests:
When processing your data, we pursue the following legitimate interests:
Providing and improving our service;
Protecting against misuse;
Statistics and service analytics
Children privacy:
Our services are restricted to individuals who are 18 years of age or older. We do not permit individuals under the age of 18 on our platform. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism available on the service.
Changes:
Because we’re always looking for new and innovative ways to help you build meaningful connections and strive on making sure explanations about our data practices remain up to date, this policy may change over time. We will notify you before any material changes take effect so that you have time to review the changes.
Contact us:
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you have different options below:
Contact Form:
Click here
Online
: support@moji.cool
By post:
Data Protection Officer
17F, 122, Mapo-daero, Mapo-gu
Seoul, Republic of Korea
04366
Terms of service
Privacy Policy
Safety Tips
Support
Ⓒ 2024 w3company. All rights reserved.
support@moji.cool