Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how Esquires, The Organic Coffee Co. uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website or app.
What data do we collect?
Esquires collects the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, date of birth, etc.)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Esquires with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online or place an order for any of our products or
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via
Use or view our website via your browser’s or
Via app
How will we use your data?
Esquires collects your data so that we can:
Process your order, manage your
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might
Send you notifications
Process loyalty rewards
When Esquires processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
How do we store your data?
Online store
Esquires securely stores your data on our hosting company’s servers which are based in Ireland.
Esquires will keep your application data or checkout data for 365 days. Once this time period  has expired, we will delete your data automatically after this period expires.
Esquires App
Esquires securely stores your data on our hosting company’s servers which are based in United Kingdom. If your account remains inactive for 365 days, we will automatically suspend your account. Should you wish to reactivate your account please contact us at our email:
Customerservice@esquirescoffee.ie
What are your data protection rights?
Esquires would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access
– You have the right to request Esquires for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification
– You have the right to request that Esquires correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Esquires to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure
– You have the right to request that Esquires erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing
– You have the right to request that Esquires restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
– You have the right to object to Esquires processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability
– You have the right to request that Esquires transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact the Data Protection Officer Brendan Duigenan at our email:
Customerservice@esquirescoffee.ie
Or write to us: Customer Services,  Esquires, The Organic Coffee Company, Lakeshore Drive, Airside Retail Park, Swords, K67 H7X7, Ireland.
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information , visit
allaboutcookies
.
org
.
How do we use cookies?
Esquires uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website , including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our website
Remembering items in your shopping cart.
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality -Our Company uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected  These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The Esquires website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only t0 our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Esquires keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 29 August 2022.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Esquires privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at:
Customerservice@esquirescoffee.ie
Or write to us: Customer Services,  Esquires, The Organic Coffee Company, Lakeshore Drive, Airside Retail Park, Swords, K67 X7H7, Ireland.
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Esquires have not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Email:
Info@oic.ie
Address :6 Earlsfort Terrace. Saint Kevins, Dublin 2, D02 W773