Skip to content
We believe that greatness lies in serving the people. Let us provide you the best of our service, time, and work to move together to excellence. Feel free to contact us and get your projects started.
Zinormous Labs (collectively “Zinormous,” “us,” “we,” or “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in connection with your use of our website, applications (“Apps”) and other products, services and features thereof (the Website, the Apps and such other products, services and features are collectively referred to herein as the “Product” or “Products”, which may be updated from time-to-time at the sole discretion of Zinormous). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, secure, and/or disclose end-users’ (“you” or “your”) or otherwise process your personal information when you use our Products. Each time you use our Products the current version of the Privacy Policy applies, and you agree to the subject to the Privacy Policy, as updated This Privacy Policy may change so you should review it regularly.
Collected information and Usage
In addition, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
For the best experience while using Zinormous App, we may need you to provide us with certain information, e.g. camera, gallery, Face recognition using ios vision api and location access.
The information that we request is stored on your device and is not collected by us or any third party. In Addition, we do not collect any of the face data nor we store face data.
Why we collect information
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our App. We use information that is processed automatically to better understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our App.
To provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We may use information that is processed automatically for marketing purposes (to show ads that may be of interest to you based on your preferences). We provide personalized content and information to you, which can include online ads or other forms of marketing.
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties, but we may share your information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App. We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks, inter alia, to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
Link to Third Parties:
The App may contain links to websites operated by third parties (“Third Party Websites“). We may monetize some of these links through the use of third party affiliate programs. Notwithstanding such affiliate programs, we do not have any influence or control over any such Third Party Websites and, unless otherwise stated, is not responsible for and does not endorse any Third Party Websites or their availability or contents.
Advertising Partners Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Zinormous.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Zinormous, which are sent directly to users’ browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Zinormous has no access to or control over these cookies that third-party advertisers use.
Firebase (Google LLC)
Analytics service provider, USA
Firebase
Admob (Google LLC)
Analytics service provider, USA
Admob
Personalized Advertising
The first time you connect on the App, a pop up will be displayed, informing you that if you give your consent, your advertising ID (IDFA) and other data, such as location data, and other demographic and interest data about you will be transmitted to admob for the purpose of providing you with a personalized advertising experience. You are free to refuse or agree to such processing.
General Rules
The App is made available for your own, personal use. The App must not be used for any commercial purpose whatsoever or for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. When you use the App you must comply with all applicable Lebanese laws and with any applicable international laws, including the local laws in your country of residence (together referred to as “Applicable Laws”).
You agree that when using the App you will comply with all Applicable Laws and these Terms. In particular, but without limitation, you agree not to:
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the App or any networks, servers or computer systems connected to the App; or
Use the App in any unlawful manner or in a manner which promotes or encourages illegal activity including (without limitation) copyright infringement
Modify, adapt, translate or reverse engineer any part of the App or re-format or frame any portion of the pages comprising the App, save to the extent expressly permitted by these Terms or by law.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
You agree that when using the App If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. We may also, but are not required to, send you an email notice. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Contact Us
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at support apps@zinormous.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://zinormous.com/zino/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
We believe that greatness lies in serving the people. Let us provide you the best of our service, time, and work to move together to excellence. Feel free to contact us and get your projects started.
At Zinormous, accessible from
https://www.zinormous.com/
, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information collected and recorded by Zinormous and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact us
.

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website regarding the information they shared and/or collect in Zinormous. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information we collect
The personal information you are asked to provide and why you are asked to provide it will be made clear to you when we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you, such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
Provide, operate, and maintain our website
Improve, personalize, and expand our website
Understand and analyze how you use our website
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud
Log Files
Zinormous follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These do not link to any personally identifiable information. The purpose of the information is to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movement on the website, and gather demographic information.
Advertising Partners Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Zinormous.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Zinormous, which are sent directly to users’ browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Zinormous has no access to or control over these cookies that third-party advertisers use.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
Zinormous’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt out of specific options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer’s personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business deletes any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer’s personal data not sell the consumer’s personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We want to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access
You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification
You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure
You have the right to request that we erase your personal data under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data under certain conditions.
The right to data portability
You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization or directly to you under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Zinormous does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. Suppose you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website. In that case, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately, and we will do our best to remove such information from our records promptly.