Privacy policy.
1. Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy policy
Welcome to Welcome to the Jungle’s privacy policy. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy explains how we process your personal data when you visit our website or app or use our services and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This website and the Welcome to the Jungle app are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
If you are a California resident, please see our
California Resident Privacy Notice
for supplemental information and disclosures regarding your rights.
Controller
Otta Technology Ltd, trading as Welcome to the Jungle is the data controller and is responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as "
Welcome to the Jungle
", "
we
", "
us
" or "
our
" in this privacy policy).
We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
Contact details
Full name of legal entity:
Otta Technology Ltd, trading as Welcome to the Jungle.
E-mail address:
notifications@welcometothejungle.com
Postal address:
Welcome to the Jungle, First Floor, Mindspace, 142-146 Old St, London EC1V 9BW.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK regulator for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Individuals and data protection supervisory authorities in the EU may contact our data protection representative in accordance with Article 27 GDPR: Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG, Schellinggasse 3/10, 1010 Vienna, Austria.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and may update this policy from time to time without notice. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share personal data previously collected from you through the website, app and services, we will notify you through the website, app and services, by email, or other communication.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website and the Welcome to the Jungle app may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website or app, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, email address, address, date of birth, telephone number.
Contact Data
includes address, email address and telephone number.
Engagement Data
includes details about how you use our platform, jobs that you have seen, applied for and/or are interviewing for, feedback about your progress in relation to job applications, and messages that you send to and/or receive from recruiters on our platform.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, your interests, preferences and feedback, languages that you speak, your education and work history (including details of roles, projects and your salary (if you choose to provide it)), and your job search preferences.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website or the app.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, app, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Special Categories of Data
includes details about your ethnicity, sexual orientation and gender identity. By providing this data, you consent to it being processed as further described in this privacy policy.
We may also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. How your personal data is collected
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact, Profile, Engagement, Marketing and Communications and Special Categories of Data by entering data on our website or app, or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website and app, we will automatically collect Technical Data and Usage Data. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We will receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources, including information sent to us by employers that use our platform and publicly available sources such as LinkedIn.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Where we have your consent, when processing Special Categories of Data or when the law requires us to seek your consent before sending marketing emails to you. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below a description of the ways we may use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose / Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer and allow you to access our website, app, and services, including our job matching service.
Identity
Contact
Engagement
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Special Categories
Performance of a contract with you
Consent (Special Categories only)
To manage our relationship with you which may include contacting you with updates or information about our service (but excluding marketing).
Identity
Contact
Profile
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and provide relevant information to our customers)
To operate, administer and protect our business, this website and the app (including dealing with our customers, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data).
Identity
Contact
Technical
Engagement
Profile
Usage
Special Categories
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud, to enforce our Terms and Conditions or other legal rights, and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Consent (Special Categories only)
To deliver relevant website and app content and advertisements to you, and measure or understand the effectiveness of the information we serve to you.
Identity
Contact
Engagement
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, app, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences.
Technical
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website and app updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about roles and companies that may be of interest to you, and to allow companies to reach out to you about roles that may be of interest.
Identity
Contact
Engagement
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Special Categories
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products / services and grow our business)
Consent (Special Categories only)
Tailored Content and Marketing
We may use your Identity, Engagement, Profile, Technical, Usage and Special Categories of Data to form a view on jobs or services that you may be interested in, or that may be suitable for you and may display relevant content on our website or app, or send it to you by email. You may also receive marketing communications from us if you have opted in to receive marketing, or if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing or job notification messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. Disclosures of your personal data
When processing your personal data as described above, we may share your personal data with the parties set out below:
Third party employers that use our website and services to select and recruit candidates. Those third parties will process any personal data that we provide to them as data controllers.
Service providers acting as processors who provide IT, software and/or system administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors including our lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide us with consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
When required by law or regulation, HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. International transfers
Some of the suppliers that we use to operate our services, and some of the employers that use our website are based outside the UK so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the UK. Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved for use in the UK which give personal data the same protection it has in the UK.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK.
7. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have internal procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. Data retention
How long we will use your personal data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These rights are to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us or our representative using the contact details set out above.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Version v.102.
Last updated:
22nd February 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://uk.welcometothejungle.com/privacy-policy/california-resident:
California Resident Privacy Notice.
This California Resident Privacy Notice supplements the information and disclosures contained in our
Privacy Policy
. It applies to individuals residing in California from whom we collect Personal Information as a business under the CCPA.
Personal Information Collection, Disclosure and Sale
For the purposes of this notice, Personal Information means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, or as otherwise defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (California Civil Code §§ 1798.100 to 1798.199) and its implementing regulations, as amended or superseded from time to time (“CCPA”).
Personal Information does not include information that is:
Lawfully made available from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated.
Otherwise excluded from the scope of the CCPA.
The chart below provides the categories of Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected, disclosed for a business purpose, sold, or used for business or commercial purposes in the preceding twelve months since this notice was last updated, as well as the categories of third parties with whom we shared Personal Information. We disclose for a business purpose the information we collect, for instance to our service providers. The examples of Personal Information provided for each category reflect each category’s statutory definition and may not reflect all of the specific types of Personal Information associated with each category.
Category
We Collect
Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share Personal Information
A. Identifiers
Examples:
Name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
All
B. Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e)
Examples:
Name, telephone number, education, employment, and employment history.
Yes
II,III, VI, VII, VIII, IX, X
C. Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law
Examples:
Race or color, ancestry or national origin,, sex (including gender and), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military and veteran status.
Yes
VII, IX, X
D. Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Examples:
Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application or advertisement.
Yes
I, II, III, V, VI, VII, VIII, IX, X
E. Professional or employment-related information
Examples:
Job application or resume information, and past and current job history.
Yes
VI, VIII, IX, X
F. Inferences Drawn from Personal Information
Examples:
Consumer profiles reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Yes
I, III, V, VII, VIII, IX, X
Use of Personal Information
We collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with the specific business and commercial purposes below:
Providing Services:
Providing our services.
Communicating:
Communicating with you, providing you with updates and other information relating to our services, providing information that you request, responding to comments and questions, and otherwise providing customer support.
Connecting Third Party Services:
Facilitating the connection of third-party services or applications, such as social networks.
Marketing:
Marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
Personalization:
Personalizing your experience on our services such as presenting tailored content.
Deidentification and Aggregation:
De-identifying and aggregating information collected through our services and using it for any lawful purpose.
Job Applications:
Processing your job application.
Safety Issues:
Responding to trust and safety issues that may arise.
Compliance:
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
Auditing Interactions:
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
Fraud and Incident Prevention:
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
Debugging:
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Transient Use:
Short-term, transient use.
Contracting Vendors:
Contracting with service providers to perform services on our behalf or on their behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, verifying customer information, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
Research:
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Improving Our Services:
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance our services.
Notified Purpose:
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
Collection of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve months since this notice was last updated, we have collected Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
You/Your Devices:
You or your devices directly
Advertising Networks.
Analytics Providers.
Government:
Government entities.
OS/Platform Provider:
Operating systems and platforms.
Social Networks.
Partners
Business partners.
Public
Publicly accessible sources.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Pursuant to our
Privacy Policy
, we share your Personal Information with the following categories of third parties:
Advertising Providers:
Advertising technology companies, such as advertising networks.
ISPs:
Internet service providers.
IAnalytics Providers.
Government:
Government entities.
Social Networks.
Vendors:
Vendors and service providers.
Integrated Third Parties:
Third parties integrated into our services.
Third Parties as Legally Required:
Third parties as required by law and similar disclosures.
Third Parties in Merger/Acquisition:
Third parties in connection with a emrger, sale, or asset transfer.
Third Parties with Consent:
Other third parties for whom we have obtained your permission to disclosure your Personal Information.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights.
Right to Know and Access.
You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal Information collected, sold, or disclosed by us; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or sold by us; (3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; (4) categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or sold Personal Information; and (5) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you during the past twelve months.
Right to Delete.
Subject to certain exceptions, you may submit a verifiable request that we delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you.
Verification.
Requests for access to or deletion of Personal Information are subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity in light of the information requested and pursuant to relevant CCPA requirements, limitations, and regulations. To verify your access or deletion request, please authenticate your account by logging into your account.
Right to Opt Out.
In some circumstances, you may opt out of the sale of your Personal Information. We do not sell your Personal Information.
Right to Equal Service and Price.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your CCPA privacy rights, subject to certain limitations.
Submit Requests.
To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please visit send an email via our Contact Information section, or write to us at or write to us at First Floor, Mindspace, 142-146 Old St, London EC1V 9BW.
Authorizing an Agent.
If you are acting as an authorized agent to make a request to know, delete, or opt out on behalf of a California resident, please send an email via our Contact Information section and attach a written authorization signed by the resident.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this notice or our processing activities, or you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please email us at notifications@welcometothejungle.com or write to us at First Floor, Mindspace, 142-146 Old St, London EC1V 9BW.
Last Reviewed and Updated:
21st March 2022
Axeptio consent
Consent Management Platform: Personalize Your Options
Our platform empowers you to tailor and manage your privacy settings, ensuring compliance  with regulations. Customize your preferences to control how your information is handled.