Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Alexandre Family Farm is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Alexandre Family Farm Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Alexandre Family Farm website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
Alexandre Family Farm collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Alexandre Family Farm also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Alexandre Family Farm. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Alexandre Family Farm for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Alexandre Family Farm Web site.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site. Alexandre Family Farm encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Alexandre Family Farm so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Alexandre Family Farm encourages you to be aware when you leave the Alexandre Family Farm site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. Alexandre Family Farm is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Alexandre Family Farm.
Use of Your Personal Information
Alexandre Family Farm collects and uses your personal information to operate the Alexandre Family Farm Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Alexandre Family Farm also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Alexandre Family Farm and its affiliates. Alexandre Family Farm may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Alexandre Family Farm does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Alexandre Family Farm may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Alexandre Family Farm may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Alexandre Family Farm, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Alexandre Family Farm does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Alexandre Family Farm keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Alexandre Family Farm, in order to determine what Alexandre Family Farm services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Alexandre Family Farm to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Alexandre Family Farm Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Alexandre Family Farm or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Alexandre Family Farm; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Alexandre Family Farm, or the public.
Cookies and Anonymous Identifiers
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your hard drive that contains information about your visit to a web page. Personally identifiable information is not stored in these cookies. First Party Cookies are set through the Alexandre Family Farm website directly, including the Google Analytics cookie.
An anonymous identifier is a random string of characters that is used for the same purposes as a cookie on platforms, including certain mobile devices, where cookie technology is not available.
If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser not to accept them at all, or to notify and require approval before accepting new cookies. Some web pages/sites may not function properly if the cookies are turned off, or you may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.
Use of Third Party Services
Alexandre Family Farm Website use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). We also use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, part of a larger category of features known as Google Analytics Advertising Reporting Features. Google Analytics uses cookies (described above) to help the websites analyze how users use the sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including possibly your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google.
Advertising
Alexandre Family Farm may use information for Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, or Google Analytics Advertising Reporting Features. Alexandre Family Farm and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our website.
Alexandre Family Farm and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our website when those visitors go to other websites.
Alexandre Family Farm and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to report how visitor ad impressions, other uses of ad services and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our website.
Alexandre Family Farm may use data from Google’s interest-based advertising or third-party audience data (such as age, gender and interests) with Google Analytics to report, optimize and deliver interest-based advertisements.
Opting Out of Advertising Features
Users can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads by using
Google Ads Settings
. For more information, please visit
Google’s Privacy Policy
Security of Your Personal Information
While no computing environment is 100% secure, Alexandre Family Farm uses best efforts to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Alexandre Family Farm secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Alexandre Family Farm will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect community and user feedback. Alexandre Family Farm encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Alexandre Family Farm is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Alexandre Family Farm welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Alexandre Family Farm has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Alexandre Family Farm at customerservice@alexandrefamilyfarm.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
ALEXANDRE FAMILY FARM
8371 Lower Lake Road Crescent City, CA, 95531
© 2021 All Rights Reserved. Alexandre Family Farm