Open Menu
Flutter Vikings
Oslo 2022
Where do you want to go?
Homepage
Activities and Prizes
Speakers
Our program
Code of Conduct
What do you want to do?
Free Viking tickets
in-person tickets
Share on Twitter
Subscribe on Youtube
Become sponsor
How do you want to reach us?
Write to:
team@flutterVikings.com
Subscribe our newsletter
@flutterVikings
flutterVikings.com/youtube
This policy is a living document and subject to refinement and updates in the future. Last updated on 18 October 2021.
FlutterVikings is a friendly community where everyone should feel welcome, safe and comfortable to share ideas and engage in open discussion. It’s really important for us to provide a harassment-free experience for everyone inclusive of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, age, nationality or religion.
All participants, speakers, sponsors and staff are required to abide by our code of conduct at White October Events conferences and meetups, and online. Any violations will be dealt with seriously and may include being expelled and banned from events or online spaces without a refund. This is to protect the safety of our community.
Definitions
What do we mean by “harassment”? Harassment includes but isn’t limited to:
Offensive comments related to
gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation
, disability, mental illness, neurotype, physical appearance, body size, race, age, nationality, religion or belief, marital and civil partnership status, pregnancy or carer or parental status, familial status, veteran status, citizenship
Unwelcome comments regarding a person’s lifestyle choices and practices, including those related to food, health, parenting, drugs, and employment
Homophobic, biphobic, transphobic, racist, or sexist slurs or comments
Deliberate misgendering
Physical contact without consent or after a request to cease
Threats or acts of violence or intimidation
Unwelcome sexual attention
Sharing/displaying sexual or sexualised images
Deliberate “outing” of any aspect of a person’s identity without their consent
Harassing photography or recording, including logging online activity for harassment purposes
Sustained disruption of discussion
Advocating for or encouraging any of the above behaviours
We prioritise the safety of marginalised people’s safety over privileged people’s comfort. This means we reserve the right not to act on complaints regarding:
Reverse-isms, including ‘reverse racism’, ‘reverse sexism’, and ‘cisphobia’
Reasonable communication of boundaries, such as “leave me alone”, “go away”, “I’m not discussing this with you”
Criticising racist, sexist, cissexist, or otherwise oppressive behaviour
Consequences
Participants asked to stop any harassing behaviour are expected to stop immediately.
Participants engaging in harassing behaviour may be asked to leave an event or online space and may be banned temporarily or indefinitely. If a ticket was purchased for an in-person or online event, we reserve the right not to issue a refund.
If harassment occurs outside an event or online space organised by White October Events that may impact the safety of our community, we reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate action, for instance banning from future events.
Reporting
If you are being harassed or made to feel unsafe or unwelcome, please report it as soon as possible. You can help us by reporting any behaviour you think might go against the Code of Conduct.
Email:
FlutterVikings Team
In-person at events: speak to a staff member wearing a t-shirt with ‘staff’ or ‘organiser’ on the back.
Reporting & enforcement process
Incident report is taken in a safe, private space at events or in a personal and direct message online
Incident responders investigate with the reported person
Incident response team reconvene to discuss an appropriate response
Appropriate action is taken
Incident responders follow up with the reporter and the reported person
Inform community if necessary
Debrief and document internally
Important local contacts
Please see the event-specific Code of Conduct for contact details of local services.
Thanks
Our updated Code of Conduct was based on resources from
Geek Feminism
and the
XOXO Community Code of Conduct
.