Privacy Policy
Update date: October 10, 2022
We really respect users’ privacy. This Policy document explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect your information when you access our mobile application (the “App”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE APPLICATION.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party online/mobile store from which you install the Application or make payments, including any in-game virtual items, which may also collect and use data about you. We are not responsible for any of the data collected by any such third party.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the Application depends on the content and materials you use, and includes:
Personal Data
When you interact with our services, we may collect information that you voluntarily provide to us, such as your name, username, password, email address, phone number, and date of birth only to the extent necessary to deliver the service. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the Application to you, to correspond with you, and to address any issues you raise about the Application. When you choose an effect or feature that involves face manipulations, we use special face recognition technologies to detect a face or faces in a video, find required facial key points (the set of points varies with the effect or feature), and apply the effect to your video. No facial data will be collected in this process (it needn’t connect to the net). We do not disclose your videos, which you have uploaded for editing and manipulation to any of the Services unless you provide explicit consent to show your videos at our Mobile and other Services, or at third-party services.
Non-personal Information
We may collect information about you which can include: usage information, device information, website information, IP addresses, ads you see, ads you click on and interact with, preferences, and information collected by cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and pixels. These data will not be traced to certain individuals, only be used as statistical information, which can help us improve the app or help better display ads.
Account
When you log in with your Apple ID in the app for account registration, we will obtain relevant information (only encrypted unique identifiers, excluding any passwords) under your authorization, so that you can confirm the status of your account login. If we use your information in a way different from the purpose for which it was collected, we will obtain your consent before using it. Please understand that refusing or withdrawing the relevant authorization may cause you to be unable to use the relevant functions in the app. You can log out of your account. Please log out the account through [Settings] - [Delete Account] in the app. Please understand that after logout, we will clear the personal information and data related to the account in the app, and the operation of canceling the account is irreversible.
Software development kits (“SDKs”)
We use SDKs to incorporate third-party computer code into our app, which allows our advertising partners to collect data directly from the app to better facilitate online advertising on other websites or the service. If updated in the future, we will incorporate the new features of the SDKs as well to ensure that your data privacy is protected.
Machine Learning
We use open datasets and lawfully purchased data to develop machine learning features such as video enhancement and so on. We will never use users’ pictures or videos to train or improve functions. During your access to our service, no User Content from you will be compiled, harvested, or used by us to improve our service or for any other purposes. Processing of your content will be limited to running on your device solely. For any features that cannot be actualized without running on our servers, such as HiQuality’s video enhancement, your data (before shots and original videos) will be deleted from our servers once processing is completed.
Cloud and Server Processing
To give users a better experience, video enhancement in HiQuality require videos to be uploaded for cloud processing. Users' videos will only be used for machine learning enhancements and not for other purposes. HiQuality only upload videos to the cloud that you have specifically chosen to edit if and when using the above-mentioned features. Enhanced and processed videos can only be downloaded by the one who uploaded them previously within the app. All after shots, enhanced and processed videos will be deleted from the cloud automatically in one month after being uploaded.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share your information with third parties outside the Application and in the instances described below:
● To deliver the services you have requested;
● We will disclose your information if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use, or to protect the security or integrity of our Application; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Application, our users or others.
● We may permit third party online advertising networks to collect information about your use of our website over time so that they could display ads accordingly in relation to your interests. Those business partners will be given limited access to your information that is reasonably necessary to deliver the service. These parties are required to process the information in accordance with our policies.
● In the event of a change of control on the Application, or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Your information such as email addresses, User Content, and other user information related to the Application will likely be among the items transferred in these types of transactions. We will inform you prior to such transactions.
SECURITY OF INFORMATION
Precautions are taken by us – including administrative, technical, and physical measures – to safeguard your Personal Information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. We do not guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please email us at:
imdevapp@aliyun.com
隐私政策
更新时间：2022年10月10日
我们尊重用户的隐私。本隐私政策解释了当您使用我们的移动应用程序（“应用程序”）时我们如何收集，使用，披露和保护您的信息。请仔细阅读本隐私政策。如果您不同意本隐私政策的条款，请不要使用本应用程序。
我们保留随时出于任何原因对本隐私政策进行更改的权利。我们将通过更新本隐私政策的“最后更新”日期来提醒您条款更改。我们建议您定期阅读本隐私政策，以随时了解最新情况。在修改隐私政策后，如您继续使用本应用程序，将被视为已经收到政策修改的通知，同意受其约束并且接受任何隐私政策的变更。
本隐私政策不适用于您安装应用程序或从中进行付款的第三方在线/移动商店，这些第三方也可能收集和使用您的数据。我们对任何此类第三方收集的任何数据概不负责。
我们如何收集和使用个人信息
我们可能会以多种方式收集您的信息。我们可能通过应用程序收集的信息取决于您使用的内容和资源，包括：
个人信息
当您与我们的服务互动时，我们可能会收集您自愿提供给我们的信息，例如您的姓名、用户名、密码、电子邮件地址、电话号码和出生日期，但仅限于提供服务所需的范围内。我们使用这些信息来操作、维护和向您提供应用程序的特性和功能，与您通信，并解决您提出的有关应用程序的任何问题。当您选择涉及人脸操作的效果或特征时，我们会使用特殊的人脸识别技术来检测视频中的一个或多个人脸，找到所需的面部关键点（点集随效果或特征而变化），并应用该效果到你的视频。在这个过程中不会收集面部数据（它不需要连接到网络）。
非个人信息
我们可能会收集有关您的信息，其中包括：使用信息，设备信息，网站信息，IP地址，您看到的广告，您点击并进行互动的广告，您的偏好设置以及由cookie和其他技术（如网络信标和像素标签）收集的信息。
账号
当您在应用内使用Apple ID登录进行账号注册时，我们会在您的授权下获取相关的信息（仅限加密的唯一标识符，不包括任何密码），便于您确认账号登录的状态。如果我们以与收集目的不同的方式使用您的信息，在使用前我们会征得您的同意。请您了解，拒绝或撤回相关授权，可能会导致您无法使用应用内的相关功能。您可以注销自己的账号。请在应用内通过【设置】-【删除账号】进行账号注销操作，请您了解，注销后我们将清除应用内账号相关的个人信息及数据，注销账号的操作是不可逆的。
机器学习
我们使用开放的数据集和合法购买的数据来开发面部识别、瘦身等机器学习功能。我们绝不会使用用户的图片或视频来训练或改进功能。在您访问我们的服务期间，我们不会编译、收集或使用您的任何用户内容来改进我们的服务或用于任何其他目的。对您的内容的处理仅限于在您的设备上运行。对于任何必须在我们的服务器上运行才能实现的功能，例如 HiQuality的增强视频等功能，一旦处理完成，您的数据（拍摄的视频和原始视频）将从我们的服务器中删除。
软件开发工具包（“SDK”）
我们使用 SDK 将第三方计算机代码整合到我们的应用程序中，这允许我们的广告合作伙伴直接从应用程序收集数据，以更好地促进其他网站或服务上的在线广告。如果将来更新，我们也会加入 SDK 的新功能，以确保您的数据隐私受到保护。
云和服务器处理
为了给用户更好的体验，HiQuality的视频增强功能都需要上传视频进行云端处理。用户的视频将仅用于机器学习增强，不得用于其他目的。HiQuality仅在使用上述功能时将视频上传到您特别选择编辑的云中。增强和处理的视频只能由之前在应用程序中上传视频的人下载。所有的后期视频、增强和处理的视频将在上传后的一个月内自动从云端删除，任何用户都无法访问已删除的视频。
我们如何共享个人信息
在以下情况下，我们可能会与应用程序及其外部的第三方共享您的信息：
● 提供您所要求的服务；
● 如果我们认为采取以下行动是必要的（a）遵守法律和执法的合理要求； （b）执行我们的使用条款，或保护我们的应用程序的安全性或完整性； 和/或（c）行使或保护应用程序，我们的用户或其他人的权利，财产或人身安全。
● 我们可能允许第三方广告商收集有关您对我们网站使用情况的信息，以便他们可以按照您的兴趣展示广告。这些业务合作伙伴将仅在业务开展范围限制下获得您的信息的访问权限。我们要求这些第三方根据我们的政策处理您的个人信息。
● 随着我们业务的持续发展，我们将有可能进行合并、收购、资产转让，你的个人信息有可能因此而被转移。在发生前述变更时，我们将按照法律法规通知您。
我们如何保护个人信息安全
我们采取了行政，技术和物理方面的预防措施，以保护您的个人信息免于丢失，盗窃和滥用以及未经授权的访问，披露，更改和破坏。尽管我们已采取合理措施来保护您提供给我们的个人信息，请您注意，在线披露的任何信息都容易受到未授权方的拦截和滥用。如果您向我们提供个人信息，我们不保证您信息的完全安全。
问题
如果您对我们的隐私政策有任何问题或疑虑，请发送电子邮件至：
imdevapp@aliyun.com