English
|
日本語
PICADELIC PHOTO EFFECTS
EDITOR
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated
April 1, 2023
PICADELIC
(“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”).
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your
information when you use our mobile application Picadelic Photo Effects Editor (the
“Application” or “App”).   Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS
THE APPLICATION.
If
we make any changes to this policy, we will change the “Last updated” date
above. You should periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of any
updates.
This
Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party online/mobile store from which
you install the Application or make payments, including any in-game virtual
items, which may also collect and use data about you.  We are not responsible
for any of the data collected by any such third party.
COLLECTION
OF YOUR INFORMATION
Picadelic
does not collect personally identifiable information from our users. We do not
ask you to register to use the App or collect your name or e-mail address. As a
general rule, all photos and videos remain on your device unless shared by
you.
Depending
on your use of the app, the following information may be collected:
Derivative
Data
Information
our servers automatically collect when you access the Application, such as your
native actions that are integral to the Application, including selected effects,
reveals and lenses, as well as other interactions with the Application.
Image
Data
To
enable specific functionality such as auto-generated image masking, the App
uploads a copy of your selected photo to our servers, processes that photo to
delineate the most relevant object and transmits the pre-masked image back to
your device. No copies of the uploaded file remain on our servers after the relevant
image mask has been identified and retransmitted back to your device.
Mobile
Device Access
To
provide App functionality to you, we request access, solely with your
permission, to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile
device’s storage. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do
so in your device’s settings.
Transaction
Data
If
you choose to make a purchase in the App, information related to your purchase
is collected directly by our platform partners.  We do not collect or store any
financial information.  We receive information from our partners confirming the
purchase to authorize your use of the app.
Mobile
Device Data
To
provide App functionality and track installations, a random identifier is
attributed to your device. Should you uninstall the App, this number is no
longer attributed to you.
Push
Notifications
We
may request to send you push notifications regarding the Application and we
track the response of users to those notifications. If you wish to opt-out from
receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s
settings.
USE
OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having
accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth,
efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected
via the Application to:
1.         Compile
anonymous statistical data and analysis.
2.         Increase
the efficiency and operation of the Application.
3.         Monitor
and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Application.
4.         Enable
certain functionality such as auto-generated image masking.
5.         Notify
you of updates to the Application.
6.         Offer
new products, services, mobile applications, and/or recommendations to you.
7.         Perform
other business activities as needed.
DISCLOSURE
OF YOUR INFORMATION
We
may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your
information may be disclosed as follows:
By
Law or to Protect Rights
If
we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to
legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies,
or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your
information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or
regulation.
Third-Party
Service Providers
Through
your use of the app, you may share your information with third parties that
perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data
analysis, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
Affiliates
We
may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require
those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include any
subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that
are under common control with us.
Sale
or Bankruptcy
If
we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are
acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor
entity.  If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be
an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such
transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we
made in this Privacy Policy.
We
are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share
personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control
third-party solicitations.  If you no longer wish to receive correspondence,
emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for
contacting the third party directly.
TRACKING
TECHNOLOGIES
App
Analytics
We
partner with the following third-party vendors to analyze the use of the App,
determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand online
activity. These services may access device information such as your mobile
device model, manufacturer, version of your operating system, country,
location, and other actions taken within the App. By accessing the Application,
you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party
vendors.
Google Analytics
for user analytics. To
learn more about Google’s use of data please visit this page:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/
Microsoft Application Insights
for user analytics.
Third-Party
Websites and Apps
If
you choose to share Picadelic content directly with other sites such as TikTok,
Instagram, Twitter or Facebook, you will be asked to login to those sites for
authentication. If you choose to do so, Picadelic will allow you to share your content
directly to those sites.
Once
you have done so, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered
by this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and
security practices and policies of any third parties.
SECURITY
OF YOUR INFORMATION
We
use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect
your personal information.  While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the
information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no
security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data
transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of
misuse.  Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse
by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if
you provide personal information.
POLICY
FOR CHILDREN
We
do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age
of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under
age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
OPTIONS
REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
California
privacy rights
Residents
of California have the right to:
·
Know what personal information we collect about you and from where
we collect it.
·
Access a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
·
Understand how we process your personal information and how it may
be shared.
·
Opt-out of having your personal information shared with certain
third parties.
·
Request we delete your information
To make
such a request, please send an email to
privacy@picadelic.com
EU
and UK Rights
If you reside in the UK or a member
state of the European Union, you have certain rights under EU data protection
legislation. You can ask us to:
·
Confirm we process your personal data and ask what personal data
we have about you.
·
Change or fix your data.
·
Delete your data.
·
Stop using some or all of your data if we have no legal right to
keep using it.
·
Give you a copy of personal data you provided to us, in machine
readable format.
If you wish to exercise any of
these rights, please email us at
privacy@picadelic.com.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make
a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you think we haven’t
complied with data protection laws, you also have a right to file a complaint
with your local data protection authority.
Roles and Responsibilities
Certain data protection laws and regulations,
such as the GDPR (in the EU) or the CCPA (in California) typically distinguish between
two main roles for parties processing personal data: the “data controller” (or
under the CCPA, “business”), who determines the purposes and means of
processing; and the “data processor” (or under the CCPA, “service provider”),
who processes the data on behalf of the data controller (or business). Below we
explain how these roles apply to our services, to the extent that such laws and
regulations apply.
Picadelic is the “Data Controller” of its apps users’
data. With respect to such data, we assume the responsibilities of data
controller (solely to the extent applicable under law), as set forth in this
Privacy Policy. In such instances, our Service Providers processing such data will
assume the role of “data processor”.
Picadelic is a “co-controller” of certain
portions of its Users’ data, alongside such Service
Providers that process Personal Data for both
Picadelic’s analytics and marketing purposes – and the Service Providers’ own
purposes. In such cases, such Service Providers (e.g.
Google) will in such circumstances be deemed as
“co-controllers” of such data, which would
typically relate to Users who also use the
Service Provider’s own platforms. If you wish to limit
such independent activities by these Service
Providers, consider disabling third-party cookies.
Communications
If
you no longer wish to receive communications from us, you may opt-out by
changing your push notification platform settings.
CONTACT
US
If you have questions or wish to
raise a complaint on how we have handled your data, you can contact us at
dataprotection@picadelic.com.