ATA KAGAN DURAKER Products Privacy Policy
ATA KAGAN DURAKER ( I, we, us or our) always towards the user and create the perfect app.This Privacy Policy informs you of your choices and our practices regarding any information you provided to us and we collect. This privacy statement applies to our domain on Apple App Store, Google Play Store and its products, namely FB Saver
When you use these services, and any others we release, you will inevitably share some information with us. Since your privacy means much to us, we want you to learn about the information we collect, how we use it, whom we share it with, and the choices we give you to control, access, and update your information.
How We Use Information
Provide and deliver the products, services, and functionality that you request, process transactions, and send you related information.
Monitor and analyze trends and usage,
Develop, improve, and refine products, services, and functionality,
Personalize the Services by providing advertisements, content, or features that match user profiles or interests.
Personal Information
We do not record, store, collect information that identifies you as an individual. We do not attempt to obtain any sensitive information. We will not sell, trade or disclose any personal information you might give us without your prior consent. However, information will be disclosed where required by law.

Although we ourselves do not attempt to track your information, our products may contain third parties APIs. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that may be collected by that third party, so we are therefore not responsible for that information.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, please contact us at support@webmessenger.app
Policy Updates
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.