BuoyPro Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.  This privacy policy explains the personal data we process, how we process it, and for what purposes.
How We Collect and Use Information
App
The BuoyPro app respects your privacy -
we do not collect any data through the app unless you specifically provide it to us.
If you contact us:
We ask for certain information such as your name and e-mail address when you correspond with us.
If you never contact us, we never have your contact information.
We may also retain any messages you send through the Service, and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service.
Website
We respect your privacy when you’re a user of our website, as well. We collect the following types of information about you:
Information you provide us directly
We ask for certain information such as your name and e-mail address when you correspond with us.
If you never contact us, we never have your contact information.
We may also retain any messages you send through the Service, and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service.
Cookie information
When you visit the Service using a web browser, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that lets BuoyPro help enhance your navigation through the site. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Server log file information
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service. When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, application information, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
Sharing of Your Information
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside BuoyPro and its group companies (including any parent, subsidiaries and affiliates) without your consent, except as noted below:
Who we may share your information with: We may share your information with third-party business partners and Trusted Users for the purpose of providing the Service to you. Third party business partners will be given limited access to your information as is reasonably necessary to deliver the Service, and we will require that such third parties comply with this Privacy Policy, or operate under a similar privacy policy.
What happens in the event of a change of control
We may buy or sell/divest/transfer the company (including any shares in the company), or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Your information such as customer names and email addresses, User Content and other user information related to the Service may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions. We may also sell, assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company.
Instances where we are required to share your information
BuoyPro will disclose your information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security, quality or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of BuoyPro, our Users, or others.
How We Store and Protect Your Information
Storage and Processing
Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which BuoyPro or its subsidiaries, affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities.  If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which BuoyPro or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Keeping your information safe
BuoyPro cares about the security of your information, and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from BuoyPro, at all times. However, BuoyPro cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to BuoyPro or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of third party sites and services that you add to the BuoyPro Service, such as social networks. BuoyPro is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.
Compromise of information
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, BuoyPro will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
Your Choices about Your Information
We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at
contact@buoypro.com
.
Opting out of collection of your information for Tracking / Advertising (Website only)
Please refer to your browser’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. Depending on your type of device, it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on your mobile device. Note that disabling cookies and/or other tracking tools prevents BuoyPro or its business partners from tracking your browser’s activities in relation to the Service, and for use in targeted advertising activities by third parties. However, doing so may disable many of the features available through the Service. If you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools, you can contact us directly at
contact@buoypro.com
.
Links to Other Websites and Services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and we do not control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service (like Twitter) and you allow such a third-party access to you User Content you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through the Service.
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our collection, use, and disclosure of information about you. By continuing to access or use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to the revised Privacy Policy.
Revised and Effective as of December 14, 2022