Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
Untitled document
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
OoBox Games – PRIVACY POLICY
OoBox Games give value to the users of their mobile Apps, respect their privacy and are committed to protect the privacy and accuracy of the information shared by the user with us to a reasonable extent, subject to provisions of law. Or in response to other legal instruments that authorize disclosure, personally identifiable information is not disclosed without your express consent
One of the main priorities of OoBox Games is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy contains types of information that is collected and recorded by us and how we use it. This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how we collect, protect and use the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") provided on the website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Apps" or "Services"). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
User Consent:
Your consent is very important please read carefully. By accessing our services or products, installing our Apps on your device or connecting with or using our apps you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this privacy policy including collection and processing of your personal data. If you or your legal guardian are not agreeing with our terms and conditions mentioned here you will not be able to use our services or Apps.
Collection of personal information:
We receive and store fair and lawful information you knowingly provide to us when you provide reviews, or fill any online forms on the Website for the conduct of the business. We collect this information directly when a user creates any account, manages his profile, fills out survey questionnaires or any other communication. The User’s personal identifiers (such as, advertising identifiers, device identifiers, for example the IP address, carrier user ID, Unique Device Identifier (UDID), Media Access Control (MAC) address or social network ID).  OoBox Games may collect, use and provide access to the User's advertising identifier in accordance with the applicable platform provider's policies. Moreover, user email address, and alerts when a user installs our apps as a result of any ad campaign and users Geo Location data from GPS enabled devices.
Collection of non-personal information:
When you visit the Website or use our Apps the servers automatically record information that your browser sends. This data may include information such as your IP address, browser type and device version, operating system type and version, language preferences or the websites/Apps you were visiting, the time spent with our Apps, information you search for on our Website, and other statistics and we use third party services to collect such information. Where no personal identity of a user is collected instead we only collect technical and user behavioral information. Which includes: Usage of software system, our Applications (games), Services, duration of usage, functions you use, Interactions with other users of the software, the device you use to access (its model, operating system, screen resolution and other technical information if required) Additionally, we may collect Demographic information such as location, preferences and interests how many people click on our adds or download our app.
Use of collected information:
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience; run and operate our Website and Services. Non-personal information collected is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding users, traffic and usage. For detecting and fixing problems in apps, and make improvement in apps and with user experience. Promote our Apps with the users. Improve our Apps, provide users with personalized contents, and enable ads servicing features or similar services.
This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.
Children Privacy Policy:
We take many special precautions to protect the privacy of children under 13. We are required under the Children Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) to get parental consent from parents for the collection of Child's personal information. We do not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to use the Website and our App services. We encourage children to consult with their parents before submitting any information to any website, including our site. However, many of our Apps are designed for general audiences which do not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
For minors (who are under age 18 in Australia and U.S and varied in other regions) it is mandatory to get parents or guardians permission before disclosing your personal details.
OoBox Games operates mobile games which are oriented for children under the age thirteen 13 collectively kids’ games which are distributed within the developer account “OoBox Games”.
Information collected from the Childs may be collected under COPPA and their parents have certain rights on the collected information. We only collect data in the communication and use this information only to assist the child regarding his request and feedback. After that we immediately delete this information from the server and no longer use this information.  Thus, we do not knowingly and directly collect and store any personal data on its servers from children under the age 13 as that would be a violation of COPPA. Some information may be collected by third party providers of services and Advertising networks.
Information security:
We secure information you provide on our servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of personal information in its control and custody. We strive to protect your personal data but we do not guarantee that any unauthorized access will never occur.
Legal disclosure:
We will disclose any information we collect, use or receive if and only if required or permitted by law, such as subpoena or on government request and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, any claim regarding violation of any content of third party or when the OoBox Games undergo any changes.
Changes and amendments:
OoBox Games reserve the right to modify this privacy policy relating to the Website or Apps at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this privacy policy on the Website. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Information Collected from Third Parties:
When you or your child click on a website and leave our site or app and go to another website then that site collects your or your child’s data. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you or your child click on links to such outside websites. And we are also not responsible for the privacy of such information shared on outside websites. We may disclose your information with such companies that perform analytics to analyze the use of apps for us and for other companies but not with outside websites.
We use third parties for Ad services in our Apps. These Third-Party Ad services or ad networks use technologies like cookies, and java scripts that are used in their advertisements and links that appear on our site which are sent directly to the user's browser. They automatically receive your IP address, your ISP, your DID when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns, uses of Apps visitation and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit. However, they do not collect your personal data i.e. your name, email address, telephone number or any other personal information.
Every user has the right to know all the practices going on the information we collect and use when the user plays the game.
If you have any questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at:
ooboxgames21@gmail.com
.