This privacy policy governs your use of the software application for mobile devices provided by Elegant Limited.
What information does the Application obtain?
Automatically Collected Information: the Application may collect certain information automatically - more specifically information about the way you use the Application. We also collect behavioral application event data for analytics: access dates and times, app features or pages viewed, app crashes and other system activity and information.
User Provided Data: we collect content submitted by users to us, such as bug reports, customer support communications. transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; information you provide us when you contact us for help.
How can I control what is shared?
You can turn of sharing analytics data at any time using the settings menu of the app (go to Settings -> Privacy Settings).
When do we collect this information?
When you use the app.
What do we use your data for?
We use this information to enable and improve your experience with our services; to research and develop new services and features. We share information about your use of our app with our complaint social media, advertising and analytics partners to help us analyze and improve our services. These services may include: Amplitude, Google, Kochava & Branch. We do not sell data to 3rd parties.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application, and passwords of accounts are not stored in plain text, and are hashed. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and updating the 'Updated DATE' text at the top of this page. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all change.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Change of Control
If the ownership of the Application changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner so they can continue to operate the Application. In the case of a change of ownership for the Application, this Privacy Policy may be transferred to a new URL which will be included in a future version of the application after change of ownership.
"Refund Submission and Privacy Assurance Declaration:
When you file a refund request, you authorize Apple to access pertinent personal data to aid in the review process.
This may entail: your Apple ID, purchase documentation, operational logs, subscription data, payment information excluding full credit card numbers, rationale for refund requests, and device information. 
This data is specifically used for refund evaluation and is protected by privacy standards. By applying, you agree to these stipulations. We appreciate your use of our app."


The above information is only used for the review and processing of your refund request. Apple will strictly protect your personal information in accordance with applicable privacy policies and will use it only within the necessary scope. By submitting a refund request, you acknowledge and agree that Apple may process the above personal information during the review process.
How to contact us:
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at  support@appcyb.com