PRIVACY POLICY
1. Applicability
This privacy policy shall be applicable to personal information and sensitive personal
                            data or information, including information that is of a confidential nature (“
Customer
                                Information
”) belonging to the customers, potential customers, and other
                            users of the Services (“
Customer(s)
” or “
you
”)
In the course of using this website, mobile applications, or its custom extensions,
                            or availing products and services vide online or offline platforms including branches,
                            other points of sales, third party platforms, or through communications, by electronic
                            means or otherwise, or any other mode/platform communicated/introduced by ICICI
                            Securities from time to time (collectively, the “Services”), ICICI Securities may
                            collect, receive, possess, store, use, deal, handle, transfer, retain and otherwise
                            process Customer Information. By using or otherwise accessing our Services, you
                            confirm that you have read and agreed to be bound by this Privacy Policy and consent
                            to the collection, receipt, possession, storage, usage, dealing with, handling,
                            processing, transfer and retention of your Customer Information by ICICI Securities
                            as described in this Privacy Policy.
ICICI Securities is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its customers
                            and has taken all necessary and reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality
                            of the customer information and its transmission and it shall not be held liable
                            for disclosure of the confidential information when in accordance with this Privacy
                            Policy or in terms of the agreements, if any, with the Customers.
2. Customer Information
Customer Information includes, without limitation, the following categories of personal
                            data/sensitive personal data that we may collect, receive, possess, store, use,
                            deal, handle, transfer, and otherwise process as per applicable laws:
Data about you: This may include, without limitation, your name, user IDs, signature,
                                    email addresses, phone numbers, addresses, KYC/identity documents (for example:
                                    Aadhaar and PAN), biometric data, communications with us, device and location data,
                                    information about how you use our Services, etc.
Financial data: This includes, without limitation, information about your trading
                                    account / bank account / demat account details, financial information, transaction
                                    data and income details.
Marketing and communications data: This includes, without limitation, your preferences
                                    relating to receiving marketing messages from us and our service providers, and
                                    your communication preferences.
You must ensure that all Customer Information that you provide us with is accurate,
                            up-to-date, and true. You will be responsible for any errors, discrepancies, or
                            inaccuracies in the Customer Information you share with us, except for such Customer
                            Information that has been verified through KYC processes set out by applicable law
                            and backed by documentary proof. When you use our Services, we make best efforts
                            to provide you with the ability to access and correct inaccurate or deficient Customer
                            Information, subject to any legal requirements.
3. Collection of Customer Information
We are required to collect Customer Information to provide you with the Services,
                            to comply with our contractual obligations and applicable laws. If you do not wish
                            to provide such Customer Information as and when requested by us, it will diminish
                            our ability to perform our obligations under the arrangement we have with you or
                            are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with features of
                            the Services). And consequently, we may be constrained to cancel or limit your access
                            to the Services (or part thereof).
We use different methods to collect Customer Information from and about you, including,
                            without limitation, through:
Direct interactions:
This includes Customer Information you consent to give
                                    us when you use our Services or when you interact with us, including, without limitation,
                                    when you:
create an account with us;
use the Services or carry out other activities in connection with the Services;
consent to receiving marketing communications; or
report a problem with the Services, give us feedback, or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions:
When you use the Services, we may
                                    automatically collect data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns.
                                    We collect this data by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technologies.
                                    We may also receive such data about you if you visit other websites that use our
                                    cookies.
Third parties or publicly available sources:
We receive Customer Information
                                    from publicly available sources as well as various third parties, such as our service
                                    providers, credit bureaus, partners, alliance partners, group companies, agents,
                                    affiliates and government portals.
4. Use of Customer Information
We will only use your Customer Information as permitted under applicable law or
                            pursuant to contractual obligations. Most commonly, we will use your Customer Information
                            to perform the Services or to comply with a legal/contractual obligation. We use
                            your Customer Information without limitation, for the following purposes:
to verify your identity to register you as a Customer, and create and operate your
                                    account(s) with us;
to provide any services that you may avail from ICICI Securities;
to perform our obligations that arise out of the arrangement we are about to enter
                                    or have entered with you;
to send notifications to manage our relationship with you including to notify you
                                    of changes to our Services, send you information and updates pertaining to the Services
                                    you have availed, and to receive occasional company news and updates related to
                                    us or the Services;
to extend services or administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site or business
                                    feature;
to allow you to access specific account information;
to process transactions, where requested, under User ID and Password;
to comply with legal obligations;
to administer and protect our business and the Services, including for troubleshooting,
                                    data analysis, system testing, and performing internal operations;
for risk control, fraud detection, and prevention;
to respond to court orders, establish or exercise our legal rights, or defend ourselves
                                    against legal claims;
to customize your visit to the Website by displaying appropriate content at our
                                    judgment and discretion;
to improve customer service to effectively respond to your service requests and
                                    support needs;
to improve the functionality of our Services based on the information and feedback
                                    we receive from you;
to monitor trends and personalise your experience;
to market and advertise the Services to you;
to improve our business;
to conduct training and AI-based skill training; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection
By providing your contact information you have consented to be contacted by us on
                            the said contact Information even if the said contact information is registered
                            under the National Do Not Call ("NDNC") Registry, on your own volition and free
                            will.
5. Sharing of Information
ICICI Securities will limit the collection and use of customer information only
                            on a need-to-know basis to deliver better service to the customers. We undertake
                            not to disclose, except as otherwise provided, the Personal Information provided
                            by you to any person, unless such action is necessary in the following cases:
offer and provide our Services, including for the purposes set out in Section 4
                                    above;
provide you information on products and services offered by our group companies;
outsource activities in accordance with various applicable regulations;
conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process;
protect or defend ICICI Securities' or its affiliates or group companies’ rights,
                                    interests or property or of other persons; or
enforce the terms and conditions of the Services.
ICICI Securities may share or store with, and otherwise transfer Customer Information
                            to third parties (including our affiliates, group companies, successors, service
                            providers, vendors and partners), subject to suitable confidentiality obligations,
                            and in accordance with contractual terms, applicable laws and our instructions,
                            in order to render the Services to you and to enable us to provide you information
                            about the Services. Such third parties may include, but not be limited to, service
                            professionals, vendors, social media companies, third-party service providers (such
                            as cloud service providers, call centres, payment gateways, banks/DPs to perform
                            functions on our behalf. Examples include hosting data, delivering e-mail, analysing
                            data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and providing customer
                            service), storage providers, data analytics providers, consultants, and lawyers.
                            These third parties shall use the Customer Information only for the above-mentioned
                            purposes or as per contractual obligations.
We may also use your Personal Information to provide you with information on products
                            and services offered by our affiliates that are interested in serving you or any
                            of your subscribed services and any service-related activities such as collecting
                            subscription fees from you for those services, and notifying or contacting you regarding
                            such services. You may inform us at any time not to share your Personal Information
                            with third parties by writing to us at – ICICI Securities Ltd. Shree Sawan Knowledge
                            Park, Gound Floor, Plot no. D-507, T.T .C Industrial Area, M.I.D.C, Turbhe, Near
                            Juinagar Railway Station, Navi Mumbai – 400705, Maharashtra.
You authorize ICICI Securities to exchange, share, part with all information related
                            to your transaction history to our Affiliates / banks / DPs/financial institutions
                            / credit bureaus / agencies/participation in any telecommunication or electronic
                            clearing network as may be required by law, customary practice, credit reporting,
                            statistical analysis and credit scoring, verification or risk management and shall
                            not hold ICICI Securities liable for use or disclosure of this information.
6. Storage and retention of Information
ICICI Securities complies with applicable laws/internal policies in respect of the
                            storage and transfer of Customer Information.
ICICI Securities may retain your Customer Information for as long as required to
                            provide you with the Services in accordance with applicable laws and our internal
                            policies, such as managing your account and dealing with any concerns that may arise,
                            or if required for compliance with any legal or regulatory requirements, or for
                            the institution, enforcement, or defence of legal claims.
ICICI Securities may also retain your Customer Information where we need to use
                            it for our business and related purposes, including but not limited to, responding
                            to queries or complaints, fighting fraud and financial crime or pursuant to contractual
                            obligations.
7. Communication and Changes to the Privacy Policy
ICICI Securities retains the right to communicate with you (via e-mail, postal service
                            / courier or mobile messaging services / display banners on the internet and/or
                            in third party websites) either directly or through third party vendors, when operational
                            or regulatory requirements require us to do so. You shall have the option to unsubscribe
                            to receive such email communication.
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. By using our Services after such
                            update, you consent to updates made to this Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for the latest information
                            on our privacy practices
8. Security of Customer Information
ICICI Securities endeavours to safeguard and ensure the security of the information
                            provided by the Customer using appropriate measures to protect it from unauthorised
                            access and follow standards prescribed by applicable law. ICICI Securities uses
                            appropriately secure encryption for the transmission of Customer Information.
You would be required to cooperate with ICICI Securities in order to ensure the
                            security of the information, and it is recommended that you necessarily choose your
                            passwords carefully such that no unauthorized access is made by a third party. To
                            make the password complex and difficult for others to guess, you should use combination
                            of alphabets, numbers and special characters (like !, @, #, $ etc.). You should
                            undertake not to disclose your password to anyone or keep any written or other record
                            of the password such that a third party could access it.
Please note that to provide you with the Services, we may sometimes share confidential
                            information that is about or belongs to ICICI Securities. We expect that you will
                            keep such information confidential, and not share it with any third party. Your
                            failure to keep this information confidential could result in loss to ICICI Securities,
                            and if such failure does occur, ICICI Securities reserves the right to suspend Services
                            being offered to you in addition to its other rights and remedies. We will be entitled
                            to any direct or indirect damages that may arise out of the disclosure of such confidential
                            information by you.
9. Warranty Disclaimer
Information, content and materials provided on this Website, mobile applications,
                            or its custom extensions, or availing products and services vide online or offline
                            platforms including branches, other points of sales, third party platforms, or through
                            communications, by electronic means or otherwise, or any other mode/platform communicated/introduced
                            by ICICI Securities are on an ‘As Is’ basis and ICICI Securities does not make any
                            express or implied representation or warranty regarding the accuracy, adequacy or
                            completeness of the same.
10. Contact Information
In case you require any further clarifications on the content of this Policy or
                            terms of use, please contact.
Registered Office: ICICI Securities, ICICI Venture House, Appasaheb Marathe Marg,
                            Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400 025, India
Tel: (91 22) 6807 7100
Fax: (91 22) 6807 7803