AI Picasso Privacy Policy
AI Picasso K.K. (hereinafter referred to as "the Company") (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") has established the following privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy") regarding the handling of personal information in the services provided by the Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Services"). (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") hereby establishes the following privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy") regarding the handling of personal information in the services provided by the Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Company's Services"). (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") has established the following privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy") regarding the handling of personal information in the services provided by the Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Company Services").
This agreement was prepared in Japanese and translated into English. The Japanese version is the original and the English version serves as reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the two documents, the Japanese version shall prevail.
In this policy, "personal information" refers to "personal information" as defined in the Act on the Protection of Personal Information and passwords related to the use of our services.
When a user registers to use our services, we may ask for personal information such as the user's name, date of birth, address, telephone number, e-mail address, bank account number, credit card number, and facial image. In addition, transaction records and payment information, including the user's personal information, between the user and our business partners, etc., may be shared with our business partners (including settlement agents, information providers, advertisers, and advertisement distributors, etc.; hereinafter referred to as "business partners"). Hereinafter referred to as "partners"). The information may be collected from our business partners (including settlement agents, information providers, advertisers, advertisement distributors, etc.).
The purposes for which we collect and use personal information are as follows
To provide and operate our services
To respond to inquiries from users (including identification)
To send e-mail notifications of new features, updates, campaigns, etc. of the service you are using, as well as information on other services provided by MCC.
To contact you as necessary for maintenance, important notices, etc. (5) To contact you if you have violated the Terms of Service
To identify users who have violated the Terms of Use or who are attempting to use the Service for illegal or improper purposes, and to refuse their use of the Service
To allow users to view, change, or delete their own registration information, or to view the status of their use of the service.
To charge the user for the paid services.
To collect and analyze data containing personal information in order to maintain and improve the convenience and quality of the website, products, and services operated by the Company
to distribute and display advertisements and contents based on your attribute information, device information, location information, and activity history;
to collect and analyze data containing personal information for the purpose of maintaining and improving the convenience and quality of our website, products, and services
to improve the Company's website, products or services, or to develop and market new products or services
purposes incidental to the above purposes of use
We will change the purpose of use of personal information only when it is reasonably recognized that the purpose of use is related to the purpose of use before the change.
In the event of a change in the purpose of use, the Company shall notify the User or publicly announce on this website the purpose of use after the change by the method prescribed by the Company.
Except in the following cases, we will not provide personal information to a third party without the prior consent of the user. However, this excludes cases permitted under the Personal Information Protection Law and other laws and regulations.
When it is necessary for the protection of a person's life, body, or property, and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person
Cases in which the provision of personal information is especially necessary for improving public health or promoting the sound growth of children, and in which it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual concerned
When it is necessary to cooperate with a state organ, a local government, or an individual or entity entrusted by either of the former two in executing affairs prescribed by law, and obtaining the consent of the individual is likely to impede the execution of the affairs in question
When we have notified or announced the following matters in advance, and when we have notified the Personal Information Protection Committee
The purpose of use includes provision to a third party
The items of data to be provided to the third party
The means or method of providing personal information to a third party
The method of accepting the person's request to stop providing personal information to a third party
Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph, in the following cases, the party to which the information is provided shall not fall under the category of a third party.
When we outsource all or part of the handling of personal information within the scope necessary to achieve the purpose of use
When personal information is provided as a result of the succession of business due to merger or other reasons
Cases in which personal information is used jointly with a specific person, and in which the Company notifies the person in advance or makes it readily accessible to the person to that effect, the items of personal information jointly used, the scope of joint use, the purpose of use by the person using the information, and the name of the person responsible for managing the personal information.
Except in the following cases, we will not provide personal information to a third party without the prior consent of the user. However, this excludes cases permitted under the Personal Information Protection Law and other laws and regulations.
When it is necessary for the protection of a person's life, body, or property, and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person
Cases in which the provision of personal information is especially necessary for improving public health or promoting the sound growth of children, and in which it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual concerned
when it is necessary to cooperate with a state organ, a local government, or an individual or entity entrusted by either of the former two in executing affairs prescribed by law, and obtaining the consent of the individual is likely to impede the execution of the affairs in question
When we have notified or announced the following matters in advance, and when we have notified the Personal Information Protection Committee
the purpose of use includes provision to a third party
the items of data to be provided to the third party
the means or method of providing personal information to a third party: to stop providing personal information to a third party at the request of the person in question; or 4. the method of providing personal information to a third party in response to the person in question
the method of accepting the person's request
Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph, in the following cases, the party to which the information is provided shall not fall under the category of a third party.
When we outsource all or part of the handling of personal information within the scope necessary to achieve the purpose of use
When personal information is provided as a result of the succession of business due to merger or other reasons
Cases in which personal information is used jointly with a specific person, and in which the Company notifies the person or makes readily accessible to the person in advance to that effect, the items of personal information jointly used, the scope of joint use, the purpose of use by the person, and the name of the person responsible for the management of the personal information or the name of the person responsible for the management of such personal information is made readily accessible to the individual.
When we receive a request for disclosure of personal information from an individual, we will disclose the information to the individual without delay. However, we may decide not to disclose all or part of the information if disclosure would fall under any of the following cases, and if we decide not to disclose the information, we will notify you to that effect without delay. A fee of 1,000 yen will be charged for each case of disclosure of personal information.
When there is a risk of harm to the life, body, property, or other rights or interests of the person concerned or a third party
If there is a risk of causing significant hindrance to the proper execution of our business
In cases where personal information is used jointly with a specific person, and where this fact, the items of personal information jointly used, the scope of joint use, the purpose of use by the person using the information, and the name of the person responsible for managing the personal information are notified to the person in advance or made readily available to the person in question.
if the user's personal information in the possession of the Company is incorrect, the user may request the Company to correct, add or delete (hereinafter referred to as "correct, etc.") the user's personal information in accordance with the procedures prescribed by the Company.
If we deem it necessary to respond to a User's request as described in the preceding paragraph, we will correct, etc. the relevant personal information without delay.
When we make a correction, etc. based on the preceding paragraph, or when we decide not to make a correction, etc., we will notify the user of this without delay.
When we receive a request from a customer to stop using or delete (hereinafter referred to as "stop using, etc.") his/her personal information on the grounds that it has been handled beyond the scope of the purpose of use or that it has been obtained by wrongful means, we will conduct the necessary investigation without delay. If a request is made to suspend the use of personal information or to erase such information (hereinafter referred to as "suspension of use, etc.") on the grounds that the information is handled beyond the scope of the purpose of use or that the information was obtained by wrongful means, we will conduct the necessary investigation without delay.
If, based on the results of the investigation described in the preceding paragraph, we determine that it is necessary to comply with the request, we will suspend the use of the relevant personal information without delay.
If SOFTBANK TELECOM suspends the use of the Service in accordance with the preceding paragraph or decides not to suspend the Service, SOFTBANK TELECOM will notify the User of such decision without delay.
Notwithstanding the preceding two paragraphs, in cases where it is difficult to take alternative measures to protect the rights and interests of users due to the large cost of suspension of use or other difficulties in taking such measures, such alternative measures shall be taken.
1 The contents of this Privacy Policy may be changed without notice to the user, except as otherwise provided by law or other regulations. 2 Unless otherwise provided by the Company, the revised Privacy Policy shall take effect from the time it is posted on this Web site.
Unless otherwise specified by the Company, the revised Privacy Policy shall take effect from the time it is posted on the Website.
For inquiries regarding this policy, please contact the following
Address: Akasaka Mikawaya Building 5F, 3-13-4 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo 107-0052
Company name: AI Picasso Inc.
Department: Support Team
E-mail address: info@aipicasso.app