"Magic Cleaner" Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will help you understand.
(1) In order to ensure the proper functioning of the product and to provide core functions such as photo
        cleaning, video cleaning, SMS blocking and other functions, we may collect some of your necessary
        information.
(2) When you register for authentication, use photo cleaning, video cleaning, SMS filtering and other related
        services, we may collect sensitive personal information such as photo albums, address books, etc. based on legal
        requirements or as necessary to achieve the function. You have the right to refuse to provide us with such
        information or to withdraw your authorized consent to such information. Please understand that refusing or
        withdrawing your consent to the above-mentioned sensitive information will prevent you from using certain
        features, but will not affect your use of other features of "Magic Cleaner".
(3) We will store your personal information collected and generated in the course of our operations in the
        People's Republic of China, and will not transfer such information outside of China. We will retain your
        personal information only for as long as is necessary to provide the "Magic Cleaner" software and related
        services.
(4) We will not share, provide, transfer or obtain your personal information to or from third parties, unless we
        have your consent.
(5) We will endeavour to take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information. In particular,
        we will use industry-standard methods and best commercial efforts to protect the security of your personal
        sensitive information.
(6) The way you access, correct, delete personal information and withdraw consent authorization, as well as the
        way to cancel your account and file complaints and reports.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy and begin using it, we will only collect information that is
        necessary to maintain the functionality of the "Magic Cleaner" base, which will prevent us from providing you
        with the full range of products and services, but we will also use de-identification, encryption, and other
        measures to protect this information.
We take the protection of our users' personal information very seriously and will treat such information with
        diligence and care. When you download, install, open, browse, register, log in, use (collectively, "use") the
        "Magic Cleaner" software and related services, we will collect, store, use, share, disclose and protect your
        personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will collect, store, use, share, disclose and
        protect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We want this Privacy Policy to tell
        you about our treatment of your personal information, so we recommend that you read all of the terms of this
        Privacy Policy carefully and completely.
In particular, those relating to your information and
            rights will be brought to your attention in bold, so please focus on them.
This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand the following.
I. How we collect and use personal information
II. Our use of cookies and similar technologies
III. How we store personal information
IV. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose personal information
V. Third-party SDK
VI. How we protect the security of personal information
VII. Your rights
VIII. Terms of use for minors
ix. amendments to the privacy policy and notices
X. Scope of application
XI. Other
I. How we collect and use personal information
In the course of your use of the "Magic Cleaner" software and services, we will collect information as is lawful,
        appropriate and necessary. The information we collect or ask you to provide will be used to.
To guarantee the proper functioning of the product base.
Implementation of functions and services.
Optimization and improvement of products and services.
Safeguarding the safety of products, services and their use by users.
Follow the provisions of laws, regulations and national standards.
(i) Personal information that we collect and use at our own initiative
We collect information that you voluntarily provide when you use the Services and that you generate in the course
        of using the features or receiving the Services in the following manner.
Ensure the proper functioning of the "Magic Cleaner" software and related services
When you use "Magic Cleaner" and related services, we will collect your hardware model, operating system version
        number, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), network device hardware address (MAC), IP address,
        software version number, network access method and type, operation logs, and other information. Please
        understand that this information is basic information that we must collect to provide our services and to ensure
        proper operation of our products.
Access to "Magic Cleaner" and related services
You can sign in to Magic Cleaner with your apple id and you will authorize us to access your account information
        at this time.
for you photo cleanup, video cleanup, SMS blocking and more
Photo cleaning, video cleaning and SMS blocking are some of the core features of "Magic Cleaner". In order to
        implement this feature, we will ask you to authorize sensitive permissions such as photo album, address book,
        etc. If you refuse to provide the necessary permissions for certain services, you will not be able to use "Magic
        Cleaner". If you refuse to provide the necessary permissions for certain services, you will not be able to use
        the relevant features, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of "Magic Cleaner".
Please understand that we collect and use the above information with de-identified/anonymized processing, and
        that data analysis corresponds only to specific codes that cannot be directly associated with the identity of
        the user.
Guarantee the safety of products, services and users' use
To help us better understand the operation of "Magic Cleaner" and related services in order to ensure the
        security of the operation and provision of the services, we may record web log information, as well as
        information on the frequency of use of the software and related services, crash data, overall installation,
        usage, performance data, etc.
(ii) Handling of changes in the purpose of collection and use of personal information
Please understand that as our business evolves, we may make changes to the functions and services offered on
        "Magic Cleaner". In the event that we collect or use your personal information for purposes that are not
        directly or reasonably related to the original purpose, we will again inform you and obtain your consent.
(iii) Personal information collected and used without consent in accordance with the law
Please understand that your authorized consent is not required for the collection and use of your personal
        information in accordance with laws and regulations and/or relevant national standards in the following
        cases.
(1) Those directly related to national security and defence security.
(2) Directly related to public safety, public health, or significant public interest.
(3) Those directly related to the investigation, prosecution, trial and enforcement of sentences for crimes.
(4) When it is necessary to protect the major legitimate rights and interests of the subject of personal
        information or other individuals, such as life or property, but it is difficult to obtain his or her
        consent.
(5) The personal information collected about you is disclosed by you to the public at your own discretion.
(6) Where your personal information is collected from legitimate public disclosures, such as legitimate news
        reports, government disclosures, and other sources.
(7) necessary for the conclusion and performance of the contract at your request.
(8) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the "Magic Cleaner" software and related services,
        such as detecting and dealing with malfunctions of the "Magic Cleaner" software and related services.
(9) Other cases stipulated by laws and regulations.
In particular, you are reminded that information that does not identify you personally, either alone or
        in combination with other information, is not your personal information within the meaning of the law, and that
        when your information can identify you personally, either alone or in combination with other information, or
        when we use data that cannot be linked to any specific personal information in combination with other personal
        information about you, then during the period of the combination, the information will be treated as your
        Personal information is treated and protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
ii. the use of cookies and similar technologies
Cookies and similar technologies are commonly used on the Internet. When you use the "Magic Cleaner" software and
        related services, we may use these technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your
        device to collect and store information about your access to, and use of, our products. We use cookies and
        similar technologies primarily to perform the following functions or services.
(i) Ensuring the safe and efficient operation of products and services
We may set authentication and security cookies or anonymous identifiers that allow us to verify that you are
        securely logged in to the Service or that you are not experiencing misuse, fraud, or other wrongdoing. These
        technologies will also help us improve the efficiency of our services and increase login and response times.
III. How we store personal information
(i) Location of information storage
We store your personal information collected and generated in the course of our operations in the People's
        Republic of China in accordance with laws and regulations. Currently, we do not transfer the above information
        outside of China, and if we do, we will follow the laws and regulations and seek your express consent.
(ii) Storage period
We will retain your personal information, such as your account information, only for as long as is necessary to
        provide "Magic Cleaner" and the Services, and for as long as you do not withdraw, delete or cancel your account.
        After the necessary period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except as otherwise required
        by law or regulation.
IV. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose personal information
(i) Sharing, transfer and third-party collection of personal information
We do not share or transfer your personal information to third parties unless you have given your prior
        authorized consent, or unless the personal information shared or transferred is anonymized and processed, and
        the third party cannot re-identify the natural person subject based on such information.
1. shared with related parties for the purpose of achieving the relevant function or service
When you use the content synchronization features provided by "Magic Cleaner" and related services of affiliated
        parties, you receive consistent service between our and affiliated parties' offerings. To facilitate the uniform
        management of your information, we may share your personal information with these affiliates with your express
        consent.
When you choose to log in through a specific third party account authorization and use the relevant features
        provided by the third party, the feature provider will collect and process personal information necessary to
        implement those features with your consent, in accordance with its user agreement and privacy policy, including
        but not limited to.
(1) When you use the wallet payment function service provided by the third party service provider in cooperation
        with the third party payment company, the third party payment company is required to collect information such as
        your name, bank card type and card number, expiration date and mobile phone number. The above information is
        personal sensitive information and refusal to provide such information will only prevent you from using the
        function, but will not affect your normal use of other functions.
2. Shared with business partners to achieve specific functions
When a software service provider, smart device provider, or system service provider joins with us to provide
        services to you, we share data with the third party that is necessary to enable the functionality.
When you need to use
the geolocation feature, we may collect your location information and related device
        information (such as hardware model, operating system version number, International Mobile Equipment Identity
        (IMEI), network device hardware address (MAC)) after de-identification and provide it to the aforementioned
        providers in order to achieve this function. You may refuse to provide such information without prejudice to
        your use of other services.
Prudent assessment of third-party subjects sharing personal information and binding liability
(1) With your consent, we will only share information with third parties that is necessary to achieve the
        purpose. If a third party has a business need to use personal information beyond the scope of the aforementioned
        authorization, that third party will be required to seek your consent again at your own choice.
(2) For third parties with whom we share your personal information, those third parties will enter into
        confidentiality agreements with us. At the same time, we will assess their data security capabilities and
        environment and require the third party to handle the information with confidentiality and security measures no
        less stringent than those required by this Privacy Policy.
Transfer of personal information in the event of acquisition, merger or reorganization
As our business continues to grow, we may enter into mergers, acquisitions, and asset transfers, and your
        personal information may be transferred as a result. In the event of such a change, we will continue to protect
        or require successors to personal information to continue to protect your personal information in accordance
        with laws, regulations and security standards no less stringent than those required by this Privacy Policy, or
        we will require the successor to obtain your authorized consent again.
(ii) Public disclosure of personal information
We will not publicly disclose your information, except for the necessary information about the account in
        question when we make a penalty announcement for a non-compliant account or fraudulent activity, unless we
        comply with the provisions of national laws and regulations or obtain your self-selected consent. We will use
        security measures that meet industry standards to protect your personal information when we disclose it
        publicly.
(iii) Personal information exempted from consent for sharing, transfer and public disclosure by law
Please understand that we do not require your authorized consent to share, transfer, or publicly disclose your
        personal information in accordance with laws, regulations, and/or relevant national standards in the following
        circumstances
(1) Those directly related to national security and defence security.
(2) Directly related to public safety, public health, or significant public interest.
(3) Those directly related to the investigation, prosecution, trial and enforcement of sentences for crimes.
(4) For the purpose of safeguarding your or another individual's vital legal interests, such as life or property,
        but where it is difficult to obtain your personal consent.
(5) Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own.
(6) If personal information is collected from information that is lawfully and publicly disclosed, such as lawful
        news reports, government information disclosure, and other sources.
V. Third-party SDK
To provide a complete service we use a third party SDK
(a) The AU SDK, which is used to collect your operation behaviors when you use our products, collects these data
        we only use for statistical analysis to avoid crashing errors and other situations so that we can fix these
        errors in time. The SDK will not disclose any of your operational behavior to the public and will never collect
        any personal information from you.
VI. How we keep personal information secure
(a) We take the security of your personal information very seriously and will endeavor to take reasonable
        security measures (including technical aspects and management aspects) to protect your personal information from
        improper use or unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, loss or leakage of the
        personal information you provide.
(ii) We will protect your personal information using reasonable and practicable means such as encryption
        technology and anonymization processing that is no less than that of industry peers, and use security protection
        mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on your personal information.
(iii) We will establish a special security department, security management system and data security process to
        safeguard your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized
        personnel have access to your personal information, and conduct security audits of data and technology when
        appropriate.
(d) Although the above reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by
        the relevant legal provisions have been complied with, please understand that due to technical limitations and
        the possibility of various malicious means, in the Internet industry, even with all efforts to strengthen
        security measures, it is not always possible to guarantee 100% security of information, and we will do our best
        to ensure the security of the personal information you provide to us. You are aware and understand that the
        systems and communication networks you use to access our services may experience problems due to factors outside
        of our control. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take proactive measures to protect the security of
        your personal information, including, but not limited to, using complex passwords, changing your password
        regularly, and not disclosing your account password and other personal information to others.
(e) We will formulate emergency handling plans and immediately activate them in the event of a user information
        security incident, and endeavor to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security
        incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) occurs, we will promptly inform you
        of: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or
        will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, remedial measures for you, etc. in
        accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will promptly inform you of the situation related
        to the incident in the form of push notifications, emails, letters, SMS, etc. When it is difficult to inform you
        one by one, we will take reasonable and effective ways to issue announcements. At the same time, we will also
        report the disposition of user information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of relevant
        regulatory authorities.
(f) We would like to remind you that the personal information protection measures provided in this
        Privacy Policy apply only to the "Magic Cleaner" Software and related services. Once you leave the "Magic
        Cleaner" and related services to browse or use other websites, services and content resources, we have no
        ability or obligation to protect any personal information submitted by you on software or websites other than
        the "Magic Cleaner" software and related services. Whether or not your access to, browsing of, or use of such
        software or website is based on a link or lead from "Magic Cleaner".
VII. Your rights
We take the management of your personal information very seriously and make every effort to protect your rights
        to access, modify (update or correct), delete, and withdraw authorized consent to your personal information so
        that you have the full ability to safeguard your privacy and security.
(i) Management, withdrawal of authorization of your information and marketing messages
change or withdraw information that authorizes you
You may withdraw your consent, change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal
        information, or withdraw your authorization by canceling your login status, closing the feature, changing the
        application permissions in the client settings, etc.
Please understand that certain business functions
            and services will require your information in order to be completed, and that after you withdraw your
            consent or authorization, we will not be able to continue to provide you with the functions and services for
            which you have withdrawn your consent or authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding
            personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the
            processing of personal information that was previously carried out on the basis of your
            authorization.
If you believe that we have collected or used your personal information in violation of laws and regulations or
        your agreement with us, 你也可以通过电子邮件
cleancleaner666@outlook.com
方式与我们取得联系,
        and request the deletion of your relevant personal information. We will confirm the issues involved as soon as
        possible and reply and deal with them in a timely manner after your user identity has been verified by a person.
Refuse to accept push and marketing messages
You can unsubscribe from our tweets to you or marketing messages sent to you by waiting.
(ii) Cancellation of your account
Before        you cancel your account, we will
        verify your personal identity, security status, device information, etc. You are aware and understand that the
        act of canceling your account is irreversible, and once you cancel your account, we will stop providing the
        relevant services to you.
(iii) Reporting of complaints
In certain business functions of the "Magic Cleaner" software and related services, we may make decisions based
        on non-manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. If these
        decisions significantly affect your legal rights, you have the right to seek an explanation from us and we will
        provide appropriate means of redress.
In principle, we will not charge any fees for your reasonable requests mentioned above. However, for requests
        that are repeated several times and exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a cost fee depending on the actual
        circumstances. We may reject requests that are unwarrantedly repetitive, require excessive technical means (such
        as the need to develop new systems or fundamentally change current management), pose a risk to the legal rights
        of others, or are highly impractical.
(iv) Access to privacy policy
You can view the entire contents of this Privacy Policy in My - Privacy Policy in the client.
(v) Discontinuation of operations to inform you of your rights
If we cease operations, we will promptly cease the activities for which we collect your personal information,
        notify you of the cessation of operations by individual delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the
        personal information we hold about you.
viii. provisions for minors
If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should jointly read and agree to this Privacy Policy under the
        supervision and guidance of your parent or other guardian before using the "Magic Cleaner" Software and related
        services.
We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with the relevant national laws and regulations and
        will only collect, use, share or disclose the personal information of minors as permitted by law, with the
        express consent of their parents or other guardians or as necessary to protect them; if we discover that
        personal information of minors has been collected without prior verifiable parental consent, we will seek to
        delete the relevant information as soon as possible. Information.
If you are the guardian of a minor, please contact us through the contact information disclosed in this Privacy
        Policy if you have questions about the personal information of a minor in your custody.
ix. amendments to the privacy policy and notices
(a) In order to provide you with better services, the "Magic Cleaner" software and related services will be
        updated and changed from time to time, and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and such
        revisions will form part of and have the same effect as this Privacy Policy. We will not, however, reduce your
        rights under this Privacy Policy as currently in effect without your express consent.
(b) When this Privacy Policy is updated, we will issue the updated version in the "Magic Cleaner" application
        client and official website, and remind you of the updated content in an appropriate manner before the updated
        terms and conditions take effect, so that you are aware of the latest version of this Privacy Policy. If you
        continue to use our services, you agree to accept the content of this revised policy, but if the updated content
        requires the collection of sensitive personal information such as audio, video, contact information, geographic
        location, etc., your consent will again be sought in a prominent manner.
(iii) For material changes, we will also provide more prominent notice (we will explain specific changes
        to our privacy policy by means including, but not limited to, email, text message, private message or a special
        notice on the viewing page).
Material changes within the meaning of this Privacy Policy include, but are not limited to.
Significant changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the
            type of personal information processed, and the way personal information is used.
significant changes in our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. such as changes in
            ownership resulting from business restructuring, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc..
A change in the primary recipients of the sharing, transfer or public disclosure of personal
            information.
Significant changes in your right to participate in the processing of personal information and in the
            manner in which you exercise it.
In the event of a change in the department responsible for handling personal information security,
            contact information and complaint channels.
X. Scope of application
Ltd. and its affiliates to provide all services, including "Magic Cleaner" client, website, etc., does not apply
        to third-party products or services that have a separate privacy policy and are not included in this privacy
        policy.
This privacy policy does not apply to.
other third party products or services, which may include products or websites and advertising content
            displayed to you in personalized recommendations or other products or websites linked to in the "Magic
            Cleaner" service.
Other third parties who advertise the "Magic Cleaner" service.
Your use of these third party services (including any personal information you provide to such third parties)
        will be governed by the terms of service and privacy policies of those third parties (and not this Privacy
        Policy), as specified in the third parties' terms and conditions, which you should read carefully. You are
        requested to protect your personal information properly and to provide it to third parties only if
        necessary.
The "Magic Cleaner" and related services described in this Privacy Policy may vary depending on the model, system
        version, software application version, etc. of the phone you are using. The final product and service will be
        based on the "Magic Cleaner" software and related services that you use.
XI. Other
(a) The headings in this Privacy Policy are for convenience and reading purposes only and do not affect the
        meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Privacy Policy.
(ii) Definition of terms used in this Privacy Policy.
The "Magic Cleaner" software and related services refer to the products and services provided to you by
            the Company and its affiliates through the client application legally owned and operated by the Company
            under the name of "Magic Cleaner" and the official website of "Magic Cleaner". The "Magic Cleaner" software
            and related services refer to the products and services provided by the Company and its affiliates to you
            through the legally owned and operated client application labeled as "Magic Cleaner" and the official
            website of "Magic Cleaner", including but not limited to personalized photo taking and interactive
            features.
Related party means any company, institution and the legal representatives of such a company or
            institution which a party controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, now or in the future.
            "Control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the ability to influence the management of the
            company referred to, whether through ownership, voting shares, contracts or other means determined by
            law.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this Privacy Policy, you can email us at
cleancleaner666@outlook.com
and we will be happy to answer your
        questions