Privacy Policy
We are Higher or Lower Game ("we", "our", "us"). We’re committed to
            protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about
            your personal information please contact us.
What information we hold about you We may collect non-personally
            identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction
            with our site. This information may include technical information
            about the browser or type of device you're using. This information
            will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the
            number of visitors to our site.
Keeping your data secure We are committed to ensuring that any
            information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent
            unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable
            measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that
            we collect.
Cookie policy Cookies are small files that a site or its service
            provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web
            browser (if you allow) that enable the site's or service provider's
            systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain
            information. They are also used to help us understand your
            preferences based on previous or current site activity, which
            enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use
            cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and
            site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and
            tools in the future. We use cookies to:
- Understand and save user's preferences for future visits. - Keep
            track of advertisements. - Compile aggregate data about site traffic
            and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and
            tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services
            that track this information on our behalf. If you disable cookies,
            some features may be disabled but it mustn't affect your user
            experience in any material way.
Third-party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or
            offer third-party products or services on our website. These
            third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We
            therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and
            activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect
            the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these
            sites.
Third-party cookies We use cookies from the following third parties:
Google Analytics We use Google Analytics to collect statistical
            information regarding how the website is used. This information is
            not personally identifiable.
Google Adsense We use Google AdSense to display ads on some of our
            pages. Google AdSense may use user data. You can review Google's
            privacy policy regarding advertising here. That page also provides
            information on how to manage what information is collected and how
            to opt out of collection.
Google Tag Manager We use Google Tag Manager to manage google
            services. Google Tag Manager may use user data.
Google Fonts We use Google Fonts to have a customized font. Google
            Fonts may use user data. You can review Google's privacy policy
            here. That page also provides information on how to manage what
            information is collected and how to opt out of collection.
How to disable cookies Most modern browsers allow you to control
            your cookie settings for all websites that you browse. You can
            disable cookie deployment completely by editing your browser
            settings, however in doing this you may be limiting the
            functionality that is displayed on our website. To learn how to
            disable cookies on your preferred browser we recommend reading this
            advice posted by Google. You can also disable Google Analytics on
            all websites by downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser
            Add-on. Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or
            obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that
            the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may
            contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information. You
            also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data.
            Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
            Acceptance of this policy Continued use of our site signifies your
            acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then
            please do not use this site. When registering we will further
            request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.
Changes to this policy We may make changes to this policy at any
            time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in
            this policy if it changes in the future.