Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement applies to personal information collected by Nearform Limited through the Nearform.com website and through any other websites or forms where we include a link to this Privacy Statement.
By using the Nearform website, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your information by nearform in the manner described in this Privacy Statement and elsewhere in links provided by Nearform at the time of collection.
The Personal Information We Collect
Nearform collects personal information directly from you when you interact with us through our website, social media channels and online forms, including, without limitation, when you:
Register for a webinar, conference or another event;
Sign up for our newsletter;
Request information or material from us;
Contact us via the “Contact Us” page;
Apply for a job;
Submit comments on our blog posts; or
Participate in surveys, promotions, contests, or giveaways.
The types of personal information collected directly from you may include, without limitation:
Information used to communicate with you, such as name, title, company name, email address, telephone number, postal address;
Information contained in your job inquiries or applications, such as resume/CV, cover letter, age, education, professional history and contact details; and
Information about your industry and areas of technical interest.
We may also collect information relating to your use of our web pages and responses to our emails through the use of various technologies.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Nearform uses personal information in an effort to enhance your experience on our website and your experience with our business. In addition, we may use personal information we collect about you to:
Fulfil your specific requests;
Provide you with information about our events and services;
Provide you with Nearform publications;
Send you our newsletter;
Allow you access to our webinars; and/or
Process your job application.
Webinars: The virtual event facility we use for our webinars includes a feature that allows audio and any documents and other materials exchanged or viewed during the session to be recorded. By joining a webinar, you automatically consent to such recordings.
Recordings: We may record calls with you after notifying you at the beginning of the call. Recordings of calls are used only for internal training purposes.
How We Share Personal Information
Information collected from registration forms for partner or co-sponsored webinars/events is shared with the relevant partner company. By submitting the form and registering for the event, you agree to allow the sponsoring company to contact you by phone and/or email with additional information about their products/services.
We share your personal information as necessary with our third-party service providers and suppliers who provide services to us such as website hosting or administration, data hosting, data analysis, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure provision, email delivery, CRM (such as Hubspot), and other similar services.
We may share your personal information with our wholly-owned subsidiary, Nearform Inc.
Nearform shares personal information as required by law or legal process, such as responding to a duly authorized and lawful request of the police or a public authority (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements), to enforce or protect the rights of Nearform, when such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss as permitted by applicable law, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
We will not use your personal information for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was collected, without first asking your permission and giving you an opportunity to “opt-out” of such use.
Indirectly Collected Information
Transactional Data
When you access our website, some information may be automatically collected and stored, such as your computer’s or mobile device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring website, and the time and date of your visit. Collecting information in this manner allows us to analyze the effectiveness of our website and our marketing efforts, personalize your experience and improve our interactions with you.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows a website or a third-party to recognise you and make your next visit easier and the website more useful to you. Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies.
When you use and access our website or open one of our sales or marketing emails, we may place some cookie files in your web browser or add pixel-images to the emails enabling the option to confirm delivery of the email and/or ‘read-receipts’. This is done to analyse and track user behaviour to enable us to improve our performance and provide you with better outreach and services.
We use website cookies for the following purposes: to remember your cookie acceptance, to provide analytics and to offer in-site marketing such as newsletters or webinar sign-ups.
We use both session and persistent cookies on our website and we use different types of cookies to run the website:
We use essential cookies to remember that you have accepted cookies on the site.
In addition to our own cookies, we currently use the following third-party cookies. Please follow the links for their cookie policies:
Google Analytics
Hubspot
Cloudflare
Nearform uses web beacons, alone or in conjunction with cookies, to compile information about your usage of our website and interaction with emails from Nearform. For example, Nearform may place web beacons in marketing emails that notify Nearform when you have opened an email or when you click on a link in the email that directs you to our website. Nearform uses web beacons to operate and improve our website and email communications.
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. Please note that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer and some of our pages might not display properly.
Third Parties
Third Party Links: Nearform’s website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by Nearform. These links are provided solely for your convenience. Please be aware that Nearform is not responsible for the privacy practices or terms of such other web sites.
Please be advised that this Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by Nearform through its website, social media and LinkedIn channels and/or forms received, as well as data received via third party platforms, We recommend that you read the privacy statement of each website that collects or attempts to collect your personally identifiable information. Your personal identifiable information that we obtain from third parties is subject to the third parties’ privacy policy, however, in case you choose to opt-out of any further communications, you may unsubscribe from our emails, newsletters, sales/ marketing promotions and notifications at any time.
Partner Sites: Please note that co-branded websites or web pages (web pages where Nearform presents content together with one or more of our business partners) may be governed by additional or different privacy statements. Please refer to the privacy statement on those websites for more information about applicable privacy practices.
Social Media Links: Nearform may provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and interact with Nearform on various social media websites, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn etc. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media websites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those websites.
Audio/Visual Conferencing: Nearform uses Zoom to host webinars and conference calls. The Zoom privacy policy is
here
.
Other Terms
Export: Your personal information may be used, transferred to or stored in countries outside your own including to a destination outside the European Economic Area. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unsubscribing: All promotional emails sent to you will contain a link to unsubscribe from further communications. If you wish to unsubscribe, please follow the link provided and we will use best efforts to ensure that you are removed from that promotional list within ten (10) days of your request.
Assignment: If Nearform goes through a business transition, such as a merger with, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personal information might be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via the Nearform website of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Privacy Statement Modifications: We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time. If the Privacy Statement changes in the future, we will not use the personal information you have submitted to us under this Privacy Statement in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Statement, without your prior consent.
If you have any queries relating to this Privacy Statement, please contact privacy@nearform.com.
If you’d like to stop receiving any further communications from Nearform, please let us know
here
.
Nearform Limited, registered number 507692. Registered address: Tankfield, Tramore, Co. Waterford, Ireland.