Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of [ 2022.6.1 ].
A.
INTRODUCTION
The developer of the App and its affiliates and subsidiaries
        (collectively, “we”, “us” or “our”) provide this privacy policy
        (“Privacy Policy”) applies to your access and use of the mobile
        applications named Hey Beauty: Love & Puzzle (“App”) to help you
        understand what information we collect, how we use such information, and
        the recipients with whom we share such information. The App and any
        data, products, services and associated materials or media supplied with
        the App are collectively referred to as the “Services”.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and made a part of the End User
        License Agreement, which governs your use of the Services and
        limits our liability to you. By using our Services, you agree that we
        may treat your information in the ways we describe in this Privacy
        Policy. If you do not agree with any term of this Privacy Policy or the
        End User License Agreement, DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
B.
WHAT KIND OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL BE COLLECT
ED
Personal
In
formation Collected by Us
Log Information
This is certain log file information our servers automatically
                record when you visit the Services, such as your country,
                operating system, access times, pages viewed, links clicked and
                other information about your activities on the Services.
Transaction
Information
When you purchase any services from us, we may collect
                information to complete such transaction, such as your Google
                Account/Apple ID, your payment card type; however, we do not
                collect or store full payment card numbers. Please note that all
                transactions are processed by our third-party payment processor.
Mobile Device Information
We collect information about the mobile device you use to access
                or use the Services, including the hardware model, operating
                system and version, unique device identifiers, device
                manufacturer, GAID/IDFA, Android ID/UDID, IMEI, mobile
                network information and information about your use of the
                Services.
I
nformation Collected by
Third-Party Partners
Our third-party partners may use tracking technologies to
                collect information about your use of the Services and other
                websites in order to serve advertisements to you on our behalf,
                provide analytics services or provide other services in the App.
                Such information includes your IP address, web browser, pages
                viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion
                information. You can contact us at feedback@dlheybeauty.com if
                you want our third-party partners to stop collecting your
                personal information. Please note that if our third-party
                partner stop collecting your personal information, the
                advertisements you see will be less relevant to you, but the
                number of them will not change.
Other Information You Choose to Provide to or Automatically
                  Collected by Us
This is the information you provide to us when you participate
                in a survey, contest, promotion or interactive area of the
                Services or when you request technical or customer support.
C.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
l
Provide, maintain and improve the
        Services;
l
Send you related information, including
        confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts and support
        and administrative messages;
l
Provide customer service;
l
Respond to and communicate with you about
        the Services and other information may be of interest to you;
l
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and
        activities in connection with the Services;
l
Protect you from fraudulent transactions
        and other illegal activities and protect our and others’ rights and
        property;
l
Personalize and improve your experience
        with the Services and provide advertisements, content and features that
        match your profile or interests;
l
Achieve other purposes.
D.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Requirements of Law
l
We may share your information in response
        to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance
        with, or required by, any applicable law, rule, regulation or legal
        process.
With necessary third parties
l
We may share your information with
        vendors, partners and other service providers who need access to such
        information to carry out work on our behalf, provide products or
        services to us or to you or help us market or advertise to you
        (including co-branded marketing and advertising).
l
When you participate in the interactive
        areas of the Services or interact with us on third party social media
        sites, certain information that you provide may be displayed publicly,
        such as your name, photos and other information you choose to provide.
l
We also provide information and content
        to research partners and
academics
to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation that
        support our business or mission, and enhances discovery and innovation
        on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public
        interest, health, and well-being.
O
ther Situations
We may also share your information:
l
If we believe your actions are
        inconsistent with our End User License Agreement or other policies, or
        to protect our and other parties’ rights, property or safety.
l
In connection with, or during
        negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any
        business, other change of control transaction or financing.
l
Between and among us and any current or
        future parent, subsidiary and/or affiliated company.
l
With your consent or at your direction.
We also may share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot
        reasonably be used to identify you.
E.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We are committed to protect your personal information. We implement and
        maintain reasonable security measures intended to protect against
        unauthorized use, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the
        information we collect and maintain. However, please note that, despite
        our efforts, no data security measures, no method of transmission over
        the Internet, and no means of electronic or physical storage, is
        absolutely secure. As such, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot
        guarantee the absolute security of your information transmitted to,
        through, or on the Services or via the Internet and that, any such
        transmission is at your own risk.
F.
WHAT YOU CAN DO
l
Communications Notifications
You
        may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by following
        the instructions in those communications or by emailing us at
        feedback@dlheybeauty.com
. If
        you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such
        as those about our ongoing business relations. With your consent, we may
        send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to
        your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by
        changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
l
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain
        details about how their information is shared with third parties for
        direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, you may
        request this information once per calendar year by emailing us at
feedback@dlheybeauty.com
.
l
Right to be forgotten
At your request, we will delete your information promptly if:
a)
it is no longer necessary to retain your
        information;
b)
you withdraw the consent which formed
        the basis of your information processing;
c)
you object to the processing of your
        information and there are no overriding compelling legitimate grounds
        for such processing;
d)
the information was processed illegally;
        or
e)
the information must be deleted for us
        to comply with our legal obligations.
We will decline your request for deletion if processing of your
        information is necessary, notably:
a)
to comply with our legal obligations;
b)
in pursuit of a legal action;
c)
to detect and monitor fraud; or
d)
for the performance of a task in the
        public interest.
If you wish to contact us in connection with the exercise of your rights
        listed above, please email us at feedback@dlheybeauty.com. We will
        respond to your written request as soon as possible and no later than 30
        days from receiving it. That period may be extended by 60 days where
        necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the
        requests. We shall inform you of any such extension within 30 days of
        receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the delay.
G.
WHAT ABOUT CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Services are not intended for children under the age of 18. Children
        under the age of 18 must not use the Services for any purpose without
        first obtaining legally valid parental/guardian consent to this Privacy
        Policy (both for themselves and on your behalf). We do not knowingly
        collect personal information from any children under the age of 18
        without such consent. We will take reasonable steps to delete such
        personal information as soon as possible if we learn we have collected
        any personal information from any children under the age of 18 without
        any parental/guardian consent. You can also contact us if you learn
        about such collection.
H.
HOW WE CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may occasionally make changes to this Privacy Policy. You shall
        regularly check the “Effective Date” included at the beginning of the
        document to find out if the Privacy Policy has changed. If we make a
        material change to the Policy, you will be provided with appropriate
        notice in accordance with legal requirements. By continuing to use the
        Services after changes have been posted, you are confirming that you
        have read, understood and consented to the latest version of this
        Privacy Policy.
I.
HOW YOU CONTACT US
Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or
        opinions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
        feedback@dlheybeauty.com
.