Privacy
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies and Usage Data.
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
It require READ_PHONE_STATE permission.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Advertising, Analytics and Interaction with external social networks and platforms.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
● Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
AdColony (Jirbo, Inc.)
AdColony is an advertising service provided by Jirbo, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy -
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy -
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
AppLovin (AppLovin Corporation)
AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Corporation.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy -
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Opt out -
https://www.applovin.com/optout
Chartboost (Chartboost, Inc.)
Chartboost is an advertising service provided by Chartboost Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy -
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269
Fyber (SponsorPay GmbH)
Fyber is an advertising service provided by Fyber GmbH.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: Germany
Privacy Policy -
https://www.fyber.com/announcements/Fyber_Privacy_Policy_2016_04_28_v2.pdf
Unity Ads (Unity Technologies ApS)
Unity Ads is an advertising service provided by Unity Technologies ApS.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: Denmark
Privacy Policy -
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle (Vungle, Inc.)
Vungle is an advertising service provided by Vungle, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy -
https://vungle.com/privacy/
● Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
GameAnalytics (GameAnalytics ApS)
GameAnalytics is an analytics service provided by GameAnalytics ApS.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy -
http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy
Unity Analytics (Unity Technologies ApS)
Unity Analytics is an analytics service provided by Unity Technologies ApS.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: Denmark
Privacy Policy -
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
● Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application.
The interaction and information obtained through this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy -
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda's servers.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.
Cookies
Small piece of data stored in the User's device.
Legal information
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application.
Latest update: 01-12-2019
SHARE THIS ARTICLE:
Comments
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 1
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.fyber.com/announcements/Fyber_Privacy_Policy_2016_04_28_v2.pdf:
Error
404
Page Not Found
Please check the URL for proper spelling and capitalization. If you're having trouble locating a destination, try visiting the:
Home Page
Sub-policy 3
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 4
https://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 5
http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy:
404: Out of Bounds!
Looks like you've wandered off the (site)map.
Teleport home
×
Our website uses cookies
GameAnalytics would like to use our own and 10 selected third party cookies or similar technologies for necessary, analytical, and marketing purposes. You can set your preferences by selecting the options below, and withdraw your consent anytime via the shield icon.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-policy 6
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies