PRIVACY POLICY
APPLE ARCADE
“Your privacy is not a game”
Ubisoft teams create original and memorable experiences so that players can have fun, interact with others and take pleasure through our games, applications, websites and/or other services (the “
Services
”).
Ubisoft (“
we
”, “
our
”) collect and process some of your personal data (your “
Data
”), in accordance with the present Privacy policy and with all applicable law, including the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) to provide the Services.
This Privacy Policy, dedicated to Apple Arcade Games, is designed to help you understand how your data is used, inform you of your rights and how to exercise your rights
.
1.
WHEN DOES UBISOFT COLLECT YOUR DATA AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE?
For Apple Arcade games, Ubisoft may collect limited Data for the purposes listed hereunder.
1.1
Player authentication and online features
We use Game Center and Gamekit to authenticate you as a player.
With your consent and in order to enable online PvP matchmaking and prevent cheating, we may collect and use data associated with your game profile, such as progression, inventory, level and multiplayer gameplay.
We use such data for player authentication, leaderboards, achievements, and enable player vs. player (PvP). These data are solely used for matchmaking and anti-cheat measures in the online mode, applicable to games on Apple Arcade that incorporate a multiplayer mode.
If you do not consent, you will still be able to play in offline mode only.
You can modify your choice in the game settings at any time.
1.2
Customer Support
:
If you contact Customer Support, we may collect information about your request (content of your request) and your email address to communicate with you and address your inquiry.
We use your data and information you provide to Customer support solely to address your request, resolve issues related to our Game and uphold your rights over your data.
We will delete all information and data about your request, including your email, shortly after handling your request.
1.3
Game Analytics:
With your consent, we will collect anonymous data about your gameplay (levels cleared, inventory, progression etc.) to improve your game experience. We will request your consent before transmitting any data to our servers.
We use game analytics data to identify areas for improvement and gain insights into players' experiences with our game. This allows us to make informed decisions for enhancements, such as adjustments to quests, story progression, difficulty, and balancing.
You can modify your selection at any time through the settings menu.
We only collect Data which is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes listed below, in accordance with the principle of minimization stated in the GDPR.
2.
RECIPIENTS OF YOUR DATA
We may transfer your Data to the following recipients:
·       Technical service providers concurring to the provision of the Services, for instance to prevent antigaming and toxic behavior, and cheat; As subcontractors, these service providers are under the same obligations as Ubisoft to comply with applicable personal data protection laws.
·       If applicable, other companies in case of transfer of the activities of Ubisoft;
·       If applicable, Administrative, or judicial authorities, to verify the proper use of the Data by Ubisoft or for the purposes of an investigation, in compliance with applicable law. Ubisoft always verifies the legitimacy of the request.
In such cases, your Data may be transferred to countries located outside of the European Union who provide an equivalent level of protection. In the event of transfer to other countries, the protection of your Data is especially ensured by the signature of
standard contractual clauses
approved by the European Commission.
3.
HOW LONG DOES UBISOFT KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We keep your Data for a period strictly limited to what is necessary to accomplish the purposes for which it was collected, subject to a longer period provided for by law or to comply with applicable statutory limitation periods. At the end of the retention period, we will delete your Data.
In accordance with Apple's requirements for Apple Arcade games, data will be automatically deleted after a 24-month inactivity period.
4.
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR DATA
You have rights regarding your Data:
·
a right of access
- you may at any time request a copy of your Data that we collect and process;
·
a right of rectification
- you may ask us to modify your Data if necessary;
·
a right to limit the use
of your Data while your request is being processed;
·
a right to set out instructions
for the retention, deletion, and communication of your Data after your death; and
·
a right of deletion
- you may request that we delete your Data if you no longer wish us to process them.
To exercise your rights if you do not have an Account or for any question regarding the exercise of these rights, you can
contact the Ubisoft Customer Support
at any time. If you feel that your rights have not been respected after having contacted us, you have the right to make a complaint to the regulatory authority in your country.
5.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this document, please contact:
·       The Data Protection Officer and his or her team
here
.
·       By mail: UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT SA (data controller), 2, rue du Chêne Heleuc – 56910 Carentoir (France)
For any other questions, including a problem with the use of our products and Services, please
contact Ubisoft Customer Support
.
Local contacts
·
Canada
Attention: Legal Department
Address: Ubisoft: 5505 St-Laurent Blvd., Suite 5000, Montréal, Québec, H2T 1S6, Canada
·
South Korea
Attention: Ms. Eun-Mi Kim (김은미)
Address: 28 Saemunan-ro 5ga-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul
Email:
Ubisoft_Privacy_Korea@generalagent.co.kr
Telephone number: 02-736-8275
·
United States
Attention: Ubisoft, Inc., Privacy Rights Administrator c/o Legal Department
Address: 625 third Street San Francisco, 94107 CA, USA
6.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Ubisoft is entitled to change this policy at any time. We will inform you of the material updates and recommend that you consult this policy on a regular basis or contact us if you have any questions. Using our Services following such a change means that you accept any changes.