Dietitians
Meal plans
More
Log In
Download App
EN
UAE
Right bite
Personalized meal plans for you
Install
OUR PROMISE TO KEEP YOUR INFO SAFE & SOUND
Right Bite respects the privacy of every individual and is committed to protecting any personal information that you may provide us with. This Privacy Policy provides information on the manner in which we treat information about you that we may receive from your use of our website.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
In general, you can visit
www.righbite.com
site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
Right Bite collects personal information from you (such as your name, contact details and other data) when you provide such personal data with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you purchase a meal plan, book an appointment, order from Right Bite Express, complete a survey, subscribe to our blog, or register for any portion of our services.
Right Bite also collects IP addresses (an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet) and also uses cookies and similar technologies to allow the server to determine the computer when you visit again, in order to track statistical information about navigation to and throughout certain areas of our site. A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. It helps the website to remember information about your visit, like your preferred language and other settings. We collect this information to make your next visit easier and enhance your browsing experience.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
Your information is stored in a secured database and is used for purposes of providing you with information requested by you, providing for a follow up with you in connection with materials you request and as a part of our mailings and solicitations to prospective customers. The information you provide also may be utilized for market research purposes. Please note that all email that originates from us will either display the
www.rightbite.com
domain name or an affiliated domain name.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to process transactions and/or send periodic emails. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
The information that is tracked is used only for internal purposes, such as to improve site navigation and to measure the effectiveness of our promotional placements, and is not shared with anyone other than trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties are bound to confidentiality. However, if you prefer not to accept cookies, you may adjust your browser settings to reject, delete or to alert you before one is placed.
While your individual information is protected as outlined in this policy, we reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We have taken a variety of security measures to ensure the safety of your personal information when transacting with us and offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
Our website may include links to other websites operated and maintained by separate companies. We have no responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. Those websites may have different privacy policies. Right Bite is not responsible for the privacy policies of other sites.
CHILDREN
This website is directed to adults and is not directed to children under the age of 18.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to Right Bite's privacy policy. Any changes to our privacy policy, will be posted on this page. Should
you have any questions or concernes regarding this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by phone on 04-3388763
via email on
info@rightbite.com
HOW DO YOU ASK FOR YOUR DATA TO BE DELETED?
You should contact Right Bite team and let us know what personal data you want us to erase.
You can make your request verbally or in writing via email, We recommend you follow up any verbal request in writing.
Testing 123
TESTING