PRIVACY POLICY
​
Alictus Yazilim A.S., and its brand known as Clown Games (collectively, “Alictus”, “Us”, “Our” or “We”) provides Privacy policy (this “Policy”) to describe the ways we collect, store, use and manage the information, including personal information, and data that our users (“Users” or “You”) provide we collect in connection with the Alictus websites available at https://alictus.com and any Alictus game provided on mobile platform (each as “Service”, collectively the “Services”).
Services are free to play games (with optional in-game purchases), and in order to maintain high quality and a great game experience we process information from and about You in particular to improve the entire experience in the Services and support internal operations.
This Privacy Policy is updated time to time. If any changes are made, We will notify You by revising the date at the top the Policy and, depending on the specific changes, We will provide You with additional notice or require a renewed consent.
We encourage You to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about how we process your personal data and how you can protect your privacy.
INFORMATION AND DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU
Information we collect automatically through the Services
When You access or use the Services, we automatically collect general information about You, including:
·      Log Information: We log information about your use of the Services, including the type of device you use, the features you use, access times and your IP address.
·      Device Information: We collect information about the device you use to access the Services, including information about the device’s software and hardware, unique device identifiers (i.e. Device ID and advertising ID), device tokens for push- messages, mobile network information and time zone.
·      Usage Information: We collect information relating to your use of the Services, including your game progress, scores, achievements and interactions with other players.
·      Consumption information: We collect information about your consumption habits relating to your use of the Services, including which purchases you make with both virtual and real currencies and the reception of virtual goods in-game.
Information we collect from other sources
If you log into the Services using a third party site or platform such as Facebook, Apple Game Center and Google Sign-In, we access information about you from that site or platform, such as your screen name, profile information and friend lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third party site or platform provided that you have given the third party site in question such consent.
If you log into the Services using a third party site or platform, you represent and warrant that
i.         your access and use of such features in connection with the Services will comply with the applicable terms and policies of such site or platform;
ii.         that you are over the minimum age limit that is prescribed for such third party site or platform by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION – PURPOSE AND LEGAL BASIS
We use information about you for the following purposes in accordance with the legal bases for each type of personal data as described below:
·      Log, device, usage, and consumption information are being processed:
o   to provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information as requested by you / as agreed with you;
o   to provide and maintain the Services and the game experience; and
o   to send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Our processing for the above purposes is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party in order to support the operation of the Services, facilitate the delivery of requested products and services and enable maintenance and update of the Services, see Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
o   to provide news and information about the Services that we think will be of interest to you;
o   to personalize and improve the Services and provide tailored content and features;
o   to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the Services; and
o   to provide children (as this term is construed under GDPR in EU, COPPA in the US and relevant applicable legislation in other jurisdictions) with reasonable contextual advertisements in the Services.
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (also known as "the balancing-of-interest rule").
o   to provide non-child users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further specified under Sharing of Information) for the purpose of serving them with personalized advertisement in the Services (behavioral advertising).
Our processing for the above purpose is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. The disclosure of your advertising ID to third parties for the purposes of behavioral advertising is based on your consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR (see more below under Sharing of Information).
·      Information from other sources are being processed:
o   to provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information;
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party in order to facilitate the delivery of requested products and services, see Section 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
o   to link or combine information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
o   to provide news and information about the Services we think will be of interest to you;
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing content of interest to you and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
We only process your information to the extent that is necessary to achieve the purposes for which the information has been collected.
STORAGE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Alictus stores your personal data for a maximum duration of 18 months after collection. Beyond this term, data may be rendered anonymous and stored solely for statistical use and will not be exploited, in any nature whatsoever.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY OTHERS
We disclose information about you to the following categories of recipients based on the legal bases in Sections 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c) and 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (see a description of the legal bases above):
·       Social networks, see more under "Social Sharing features";
·       Third parties if we are required to disclose your personal data by applicable law, rule, regulation, legal process or in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
·       The authorities if we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our policies or if the disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of Alictus or others;
·       Other players in order to provide certain in-app features, such as leaderboards, if you log into the Services using a third-party service, such as Facebook or Apple Game Center;
·       Advertising network companies in order to serve contextual advertisements (the data include your IP-address, Device ID and advertising ID).
Furthermore, if you have given your consent in accordance with Section 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, we share your advertising ID to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to you within the Services. We use or may use the following advertising network companies:
·       MoPub, Inc. https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
·       MoPub, Inc. Partners https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/
The recipients' use of the disclosed information will not be covered by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions concerning the processing carried out by such third parties, you should review their privacy policy.
In connection with our processing, we use data processors such as server hosting providers, technical service providers for supporting internal operations, user login services and analytics service providers.
·       GameAnalytics ApS https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
·       Google Analytics (Alphabet, Inc.) https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
·       Facebook Analytics (Facebook, Inc.) https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
HOW WE MAY DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION TO OTHERS
In connection with the processing, we will in certain circumstances transfer your personal data to recipients in the U.S which has been declared an unsafe third country by the European Commission.
We only transfer personal data to entities in third countries that have provided appropriate safeguards to ensure that their level of data protection is in agreement with this privacy policy and applicable law.
Consequently, the transfers will only occur based on the following safeguards:
·       If the entity is certified to comply with the principles for data protection under the US-EU Privacy Shield Framework ("Privacy Shield") (you can view the entities certified under Privacy Shield at https://www.privacyshield.gov/), or
·       If we have entered into standard data protection clauses adopted by the Commission with the entity, which is deemed to offer sufficient safeguards with respect to the protection of the privacy and fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals (you can obtain a copy of the clauses by contacting Alictus).
YOUR RIGHTS CONCERNING DATA COLLECTED
If you wish to use any of the rights described below, you may contact us at any time by emailing us at privacy@alictus.com
We process and answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required due to the complexity of the request. In this case, our response time can be up to three months in total as permitted by Article 12 of the GDPR.
Right to request access
You have the right to request access into the data that we are processing on you, see Article 15 of the GDPR, including information about:
·       the purposes of the processing
·       the categories of personal data concerned
·       the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed
·       the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored
Furthermore, you have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. Please note that the access may be restricted due to intellectual property or trade secrets.
The right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation when the data are processed based on the balancing-of- interest rule in Section 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, see Article 21 of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. We will cease the processing of your personal data for this purpose after the objection. Please note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use the Services will cease automatically.
Right to rectification and erasure
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, see Article 16 of the GDPR.
Furthermore, you have the right to have your personal data erased where one of the following grounds applies, see Article 17 of the GDPR:
·       the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed,
·       if you have withdrawn your consent and there are no other legal grounds for the processing,
·       if you have objected to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing,
·       the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law,
·       the personal data have been unlawfully processed or
·       the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
Please note that your right to erasure may be limited if the data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to restriction
You have the right to obtain restriction of processing in certain circumstances, see Article 18 of the GDPR. If you have the right to restriction, we will only process your data with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim or to protect a person or important grounds of public interest.
The right to withdraw consent
If we have asked for your consent to our processing of your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, see Article 7 of the GDPR.
If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of the data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we have a legal obligation to keep some or parts of your data.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent, your user license to use the Services will cease automatically.
The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
The right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data you have provided us with which we process in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller if the processing is based on consent or contract performance, see Article 20 of the GDPR.
Push notifications
We send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide game-related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages, if you have agreed to such notifications. You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
PERSONAL DATA CONCERNING CHILDREN
You must be at least 16 years old to use the Services. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services, you warrant that you state the correct age and you are 16 or more years old.
If you have additional questions about Alictus's privacy practices related to children under the applicable minimum age, please contact us at privacy@alictus.com
PERSONAL DATA SECURITY
Alictus takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
CONTACT AND COMPLAINTS
Alictus has the following contact information:
Alictus Yazilim A.S.
Address: Universiteler Mah. Ihsan Dogramaci Bulv. No:19 Silikon Blok, ODTU Teknokent, Cankaya 06800 Ankara/Turkey
E-mail: privacy@alictus.com
If you wish to make a complaint over the processing of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint to the relevant supervisory authority
`
隐私政策 (
PRIVACY POLICY CHINESE)
ALİCTUS YAZILIM ANONİM ŞİRKETİ 有限责任公司（以下简称“我们”）
尊重并保护所有使用服务用户的个人隐私权。您在使用我们的服务时，我们可能会收集和使用您的相关信息。但我们将以高度的勤勉、审慎义务对待这些信息。
本隐私政策与您所使用服务息息相关，一旦您安装、使用、注册或以其他方式访问我们的服务，那就意味着您已经接受本政策，并且在知情的基础上明确同意按本政策的规定处理、使用和披露您的个人信息。
1. 我们收集的信息
a) 在您使用我们网络服务，或访问我们平台网页时，我们自动接收并记录的您的浏览器和计算机上及其他移动终端设备的信息，包括但不限于您的IP地址、地址位置信息、浏览器的类型、使用的语言、访问日期和时间、通讯账户、通讯时长、软硬件特征信息及您需求的网页记录等数据；
b) 您在注册账户时填写、提供或上传的姓名、个人昵称、身份证号、手机号、QQ号、微信、或其他社交网站信息、个人头像、分享的照片。
c) 您在使用我们提供的服务时，可能提供的您的家庭地址、个人兴趣爱好及其他个人隐私。
d) 我们通过合法途径从商业伙伴处取得的用户个人数据。
2. 我们如何使用收集的信息
a) 我们不会向任何无关第三方提供、出售、出租、分享或交易您的个人信息，除非事先得到您的许可，或该第三方和我们（含我们关联公司）单独或共同为您提供服务，且在该服务结束后，其将被禁止访问包括其以前能够访问的所有这些资料。
b) 我们亦不允许任何第三方以任何手段收集、编辑、出售或者无偿传播您的个人信息。任何我们平台用户如从事上述活动，一经发现，我司有权立即终止与该用户的服务协议。
c) 我们使用您的信息，会用于身份认证、安全防范、反诈骗检测、客户安全服务、存档备份、商业分析等。
d) 为服务用户的目的，我们可能通过使用您的个人信息，向您提供您感兴趣的信息，包括但不限于向您提供个性化需求、发送新产品和服务广告、资讯信息、邀请您参加我们的服务调查，或者与我司合作伙伴共享信息以便他们向您发送有关其产品和服务的信息（注：与合作伙伴共享您的信息需要您的事先同意）。
3.信息披露
在如下情况下，我们将依据您的个人意愿或法律的规定全部或部分的披露您的个人信息：
a) 经您事先同意，向第三方披露；
b) 为提供您所要求的产品和服务，而必须和第三方分享您的个人信息；
c) 根据法律的有关规定，或者行政或司法机构的要求，向第三方或者行政、司法机构披露；
d) 如您出现违反中国有关法律、法规或者我们服务协议或相关规则的情况，需要向第三方披露；
e) 如您是适格的知识产权投诉人并已提起投诉，应被投诉人要求，向被投诉人披露，以便双方处理可能的权利纠纷；
f) 在我们平台上创建的某一交易中或我们发生合并、收购、资产转让或其他合作等，如交易或合作任何一方履行或部分履行了交易义务并提出信息披露请求的，我们有权决定向该用户提供其交易对方的联络方式等必要信息，以促成交易的完成或纠纷的解决。
g) 其它我们根据法律、法规或者政策认为合适的披露。
4. 信息存储
我们会遵守法律法规的规定，将您的个人信息存储在安全的服务器设备或其他安全系统更高的数据库或设备中，我们会为您的信息提供相应的安全保障，以防止信息的丢失、不当使用、未经授权访问或披露。
5. 信息安全
a) 我们账号均有安全保护功能，亦请您妥善保管您的用户名及密码信息。我们将通过对用户密码进行加密等安全措施确保您的信息不丢失，不被滥用和变造。尽管有前述安全措施，但同时也请您注意在信息网络上不存在“完善的安全措施”。
b) 在使用我们网络服务进行网上交易时，您不可避免的要向交易对方或潜在的交易对方披露自己的个人信息，如联络方式或者邮政地址。请您妥善保护自己的个人信息，仅在必要的情形下向他人提供。如您发现自己的个人信息泄密，尤其是我们用户名及密码发生泄露，请您立即联络我们客服，以便我们采取相应措施。
6.信息管理
a) 您可以在使用我们的服务过程中对您的个人信息，含注册信息及其他个人信息，按我们的指引进行信息管理，具体的信息管理范围及管理方式取决于您使用的具体服务。比如，对于您的注册信息，您可以访问、修改，但您无权进行删除，否则，您将不允许使用我们提供的服务。
b) 若我们为实现服务功能或为活动所需向您收集、使用您的信息时，您发现我们违反约定错误收集、使用您的信息的，您可以通过本隐私政策中载明的我们的客服联系方式向我们反馈，我们将按您的要求对信息予以处理。
c）若您访问、管理您的个人信息时，我们将会对您的身份进行认证，已确保账户安全，您需按我们的指引向我们提供您的身份信息，若您提供的信息验证不成功的，我们将会很遗憾地告知您可能无法对您要求的个人信息进行管理。
d）我们将尽最大的技术努力满足您对个人信息的管理，但若因技术原因或法律监管要求，可能会无法满足您所有的要求，您可以通过本隐私政策中载明的客服联系方式将问题反馈我们，以便我们改进技术，更好地为您提供服务。
e) 若您对个人信息需要管理或对我们对您的个人信息管理有疑问的，您可以通过我们的客服（info@alictus.com）进行问题反馈及沟通解决，我们将尽快审核并给予您答复。
7.未成年人信息保护
a) 我们非常重视对未成年人信息的保护。若您是18周岁以下的未成年人，在使用我们服务之前，应事先取得您父母或监护人同意。
8.修订
我们可能会适时修订本隐私政策，但我们会在网页显著位置予以发布。在该种情况下，若您继续使用我们的服务，即表示同意受经修订的本隐私政策的约束。