About
Get a demo
Privacy Policy
Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
Adjust
Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data
Analytics
Fathom Analytics
Personal Data: Usage Data
Displaying content from external platforms
YouTube video widget
Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data
Handling activities related to productivity
Calendly
Personal Data: email address; name
Managing contacts and sending messages
Mailchimp
Personal Data: email address
Platform services and hosting
Webflow
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by
YourOnlineChoices
(EU),
  the
Network Advertising Initiative
(US) and
  the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(US),
DAAC
(Canada),
DDAI
(Japan)
  or other similar initiatives. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called
AppChoices
that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Users may also opt out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Wellspent GmbH
c/o Marius Rackwitz
Dunckerstr. 83
10437 Berlin
Owner contact email:
selcuk@wellspent.so
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
Wellspent GmbH
c/o Marius Rackwitz
Dunckerstr. 83
10437 Berlin
Owner contact email:
selcuk@wellspent.so
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that Wellspent Website collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Trackers; Usage Data; email address; name.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Wellspent Website.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by Wellspent Website is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for Wellspent Website to provide its services. In cases where Wellspent Website specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by Wellspent Website or by the owners of third-party services used by Wellspent Website serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Wellspent Website.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Wellspent Website (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Advertising, Platform services and hosting, Analytics, Managing contacts and sending messages, Displaying content from external platforms and Handling activities related to productivity.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on Wellspent Website, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside Wellspent Website. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
Adjust (Adjust GmbH)
Adjust is an advertising service provided by Adjust GmbH.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Germany –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Fathom Analytics (Conva Ventures Inc.)
Fathom Analytics is an anonymized analytics service provided by Conva Ventures Inc. that gives the Owner insight into the use of Wellspent Website by Users without needing to identify them. Data collected is anonymized by making use of hashing techniques. Further information may be found
here
and within the service's privacy policy.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Canada –
Privacy Policy
.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of Wellspent Website and interact with them. Such services are often referred to as widgets, which are small elements placed on a website or app. They provide specific information or perform a particular function and often allow for user interaction.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
YouTube video widget (Google LLC)
YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google LLC that allows Wellspent Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Handling activities related to productivity
This type of service helps the Owner to manage tasks, collaboration and, in general, activities related to productivity. In using this type of service, Data of Users will be processed and may be retained, depending on the purpose of the activity in question.
These services may be integrated with a wide range of third-party services disclosed within this privacy policy to enable the Owner to import or export Data needed for the relative activity.
Calendly (Calendly, LLC)
Calendly is a service provided by Calendly, LLC, that facilitates online scheduling of appointments.
Personal Data processed: email address; name.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Mailchimp (Intuit Inc.)
Mailchimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by Intuit Inc.
Personal Data processed: email address.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Platform services and hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of Wellspent Website, therefore allowing the provision of Wellspent Website from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner  –  e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Webflow (Webflow, Inc.)
Webflow is a platform provided by Webflow, Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host Wellspent Website. Webflow is highly customizable and can host websites from simple blogs to complex e-commerce platforms.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by
YourOnlineChoices
(EU),
  the
Network Advertising Initiative
(US) and
  the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(US),
DAAC
(Canada),
DDAI
(Japan)
  or other similar initiatives. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called
AppChoices
that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Users may also opt out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Wellspent Website or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Wellspent Website may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, Wellspent Website and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with Wellspent Website (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within Wellspent Website and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through Wellspent Website (or third-party services employed in Wellspent Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Wellspent Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using Wellspent Website who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Wellspent Website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Wellspent Website.
Wellspent Website (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by Wellspent Website as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to Wellspent Website, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/:
English
日本語
Deutsch
Privacy policy
CCPA
Privacy policy
Last modified: October 2024
Adjust GmbH including all of its affiliates (collectively, "Adjust" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you how we process your personal data.
The data controller according to art. 4 European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, managing directors are Andrey Kazakov and Egor Lukomsky.
Responsible for data processing in contracts with your respective contractual partner:
●      Adjust GmbH, Germany
●      Adjust Software Ltd, United Kingdom
●      Adjust Inc., United States
●      Adjust K.K., Japan
●      Adjust Beijing, China
●      Adjust Brasil Licenciamento de Software Ltda., Brazil
If one of our subsidiaries is the data controller and the registered office is outside the EU, its EU Representative is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany
If the data processing is subject to the UK GDPR and a UK Representative is required this is Adjust Software Ltd, 90 High Holborn, Holborn, London, WC1V 6LJ, United Kingdom
In case of any questions relating to data protection, please get in touch with us at
privacy@adjust.com
.
Our external Data Protection Officer is ePrivacy GmbH, represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg. If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please send your request to them by post. Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company Adjust GmbH.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). If you are a California resident, please also review our California Resident Privacy Notice ("CCPA").
1. Collection and Use of Data
Term
Personal data is all information relating to personal and objective circumstances through which a person may be personally identified. This may for example entail information such as your name, address or other contact details such as phone number or e-mail address.
Intended Use
We base the processing of your data on the following legal bases:
●      Your consent, if you have given us such consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR),
●      The initiation or execution of a contract with you (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR),
●      The fulfilment of legal obligations (art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR),
●      The implementation of our legitimate interests (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR)
When processing your data on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, we pursue the following legitimate interests:
●      To present and improve our website
●      To estimate the size of our target group and their user pattern
●      To save information about your preferences so that we may adapt our website to your individual interests
●      To speed up your search
●      To recognize you when you return to our website
Furthermore, with this information we will be able to ensure the stability and security of our website.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
●      To present our Website and its contents to you
●      To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
●      For marketing and advertising purposes
●      To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
●      To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it and to help us understand how the Website is being used (website analysis)
●      for other purposes that we specifically explain to you prior to collecting your information.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you may elect to unsubscribe and we will cease using your information in that manner.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, Germany, via email at
privacy@adjust.com
.
This privacy policy and the CARU icon shown on our websites and online services, confirm that Adjust, Inc. is a valid licensee and participating member in the CARU Safe Harbor Program (“CARU Safe Harbor”).  To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative.  CARU has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Adjust’s websites and online services where this privacy policy is posted.
As part of the CARU Safe Harbor, we are subject to audits and frequent monitoring of our websites and online services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by CARU.
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact CARU at:
CARU Safe Harbor
Attn: Director
1676 International Drive #550
McLean, Virginia 22102
InfoCaru@bbbnp.org
PLEASE NOTE: CARU is not a data controller or a data processor for Adjust, Inc. and cannot process personal data requests made pursuant to CCPA. Please direct your personal data request directly to Adjust, Inc, through the link in our privacy policy under “Your California Privacy Rights”.
From whom we receive your information
We receive the information from you (including about the devices you use). In addition, if we do not collect the personal data directly from you, we will also tell you the source of the personal data and, if applicable, whether it comes from publicly available sources.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users who visit our Website via internet connection or through your device which you use to access our Website, including certain user details. Such information includes:
●      Traffic data
●      Location
●      Server logs
●      Resources on our website which you access and use
●      IP address, operating system and browser type
and information which is collected through cookies, web-beacons and other tracking technologies.
Furthermore, we are processing data with which you may be personally identified such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number and any other identifier with which you may be contacted online or offline ('personal data') insofar as you provide us with this data in our online form. Keep in mind that we also handle correspondence and process data to that respect.
Technologies, which we use on this website
The technologies we use for this data processing may include:
●      Cookies (or browser cookies). We, and businesses we work with, require cookies for some features of our website. Cookies are small files that your browser places on your device in a designated directory. These cookies can be used to determine, for example, whether you have visited a website before. They are deleted after the end of your visit. Other cookies ("persistent cookies") are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser and object to the use of cookies through your browser settings. Please note that disabling cookies may result in restrictions when using our website.
●      Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Adjust, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
●      Log files. Every time you access our Internet pages, your usage data is transmitted through the respective internet browser and stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The records stored in this case contain the following data: domain and location from which the user is accessing the website.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
●      Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, subscribing to our service, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or the Adjust technology,
●      Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us,
●      Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website,
●      Details of Website searches and button clicks are also recorded.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
Automated decision making (including profiling)
Automated decision-making - including profiling - does not take place.
Requirement or Obligation to Provide Data
Unless this is expressly stated, the provision of your data is not required or obligatory.
Duration of Retention of Data
We store your data:
●      If you have consented to the processing, at the latest until you withdraw your consent,
●      If we need the data to carry out a contract, at most as long as the contractual relationship with you or statutory retention periods are running,
●       if we process the data for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, at most for as long as the legal obligation exists,
●      If we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, at most as long as your interest in deletion or anonymization does not prevail.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
●      To our subsidiaries and affiliates for the sole purpose of providing our services.
●      To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business:
●      Provider of web analysis tools,
●      Web hosting and web development providers,
●      Marketing and advertising service providers,
●      E-mail and newsletter provider,
●      Service provider for editing and translations,
●      CRM system service provider,
●      Cloud services,
●      Payment service provider,
●      Conference and Webinar Software,
●      Service provider for online surveys,
●      Service provider for chat software,
●      Social media platforms.
●      To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Adjust's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Adjust about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
●      To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
●      For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
●      With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
●      To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request,
●      To enforce or apply our
terms of use
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes,
●      If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Adjust, our customers or others.
Unless otherwise stated herein, your personal data will be processed on our servers. If we have commissioned technical service providers, they will only process the data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection. Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this privacy policy, it can be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers. These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Economic Area.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
●      Changing the browser settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
●      Consent Banners (“CMP”). You can grant and manage your cookie and consent preferences via the consent banner provided. Please note that we base the setting or processing of personal data using cookies on your consent in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, sec. 25 para. 1 TTDSG. In the case of cookies, which are absolutely necessary to make the website available properly, we base the setting of cookies on sec 25 para. 2 No. 2 TTDSG or the processing of personal data on our legitimate interest in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR to make our website available and to ensure this and its functionality and user-friendly design.
●      Opt-out. You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations
●      We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from, for example, members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's
website
.
How we protect Your Data
●      We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. All transactions, regardless of their nature, are encrypted using SSL technology.
●      The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
●      Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
●      Transfer between subsidiaries: We may transfer user and customer information to our affiliates and to third party providers for the sole purpose of providing our services.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will process your e-mail address and data to verify your subscription. You can cancel your subscription at any time by sending a message to us or by clicking the 'unsubscribe' button in every email.
Your rights according to the GDPR
As the data subject, you have the right of access (art 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (art 16 GDPR), the right to erasure of your personal data (art 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of and object to the processing of your personal data (art 18 GDPR and art. 21 GDPR) as well as the right to data portability (art 20 GDPR). Furthermore, you have the option to file a complaint against the processing of your personal data with  a supervisory authority (for example, the data protection authority responsible for us, which is the Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit at
https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/
, Art. 77 GDPR).
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw the given consent at any time (art.7 para.3 GDPR) by sending us an email to
privacy@adjust.com
.  The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can object to the processing of your personal data insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on our legitimate interests. This is the case in particular if the processing is not necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation to you, which we in each case present in the description of the functions which follow. In case of such objection, we kindly ask for an explanation of the reasons for the objection against the processing of your personal data. In the case of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and will either discontinue or adapt the data processing or point out to you our compelling legitimate reasons based on which we continue the processing your personal data.
Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.
In this case, please send an e-mail to
privacy@adjust.com
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please review our
California Resident Privacy Notice
("CCPA") for information regarding your California privacy rights.
Transfer to Third Countries
If personal data is being transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area, we only transfer it to third countries where the EU Commission has confirmed an adequate level of protection or where we can ensure the careful handling of personal data by means of contractual agreements (Standard Contract Clauses) or other suitable guarantees, such as certifications or proven compliance with international security standards. Information on this is available from us upon request.
Data Privacy Framework
Adjust Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adjust Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Adjust Inc. at:
privacy@adjust.com
If you are an EU individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see below) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Choice: If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Policy, Adjust will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of Personal Data should be sent to us at
privacy@adjust.com
2. Tracking Technologies on our Website
Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service of the provider Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland on our website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service that allows us to collect and analyze data about the behavior of visitors to our website. Google Analytics uses cookies for this purpose, which enable an analysis of the use of our website. This involves processing of personal data in the form of online identifiers (including cookie identifiers), IP addresses, device identifiers and information about interaction with our website.
Some of this data is information that is stored in the terminal device you are using. In addition, further information is also stored on your end device via the cookies used. Such storage of information by Google Analytics or access to information that is already stored in your terminal device only takes place with your consent.
Google Ireland will process the data collected in this way on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of our website by the users, to compile reports on the activities within our website and to provide us with further services associated with the use of our website and the use of the internet. In doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.
The personal data processed on our behalf to provide Google Analytics may be transferred to any country in which Google Ireland or Google Ireland's sub-processors maintain facilities. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries".
In addition to the option to reject Google Analytics in our Consent Banner, you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization enabled. This means that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google Ireland within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other data. You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
We use the Google Analytics 4 variant, which allows us to track interaction data from different devices and from different sessions. This allows us to put individual user actions in context and analyze long-term relationships.
The data about user actions are stored for a period of 14 months and then automatically deleted. All other event data is stored for 2 months and are then automatically deleted. Thereby, the deletion of the data whose storage period has expired takes place automatically once a month.
Google Ads
We use the online advertising program Google Ads of Google Ireland, Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”) on our website, through which we place advertisements on the Google search engine. When you access our website via a Google ad, Google sets a cookie on your terminal device ("conversion cookie"). In the process, a different conversion cookie is assigned to each Google Ads customer, so that the cookies are not tracked across the websites of different Ads customers. The information obtained with the help of the cookie is used to create conversion statistics. This tells us the total number of users who clicked on one of our Google ads. However, we do not receive any information with which users can be personally identified. When using the service, a transfer of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries". You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
Google Remarketing
We also use the Google Analytics advertising features (remarketing) from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. This function enables us, in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google, to display advertisements in a more targeted manner and to present users with ads that are tailored to their interests. Via the remarketing, users are shown ads and products for which interest has been identified on other websites in the Google network. The function allows us to link advertising target groups created via Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of Google Ads. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to a user depending on previous usage and surfing behavior on an end device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another end device of the user (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browsing history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be placed on every end device on which you log in with your Google account. The aggregation of the collected data in your Google account is based solely on your consent, which you can give or withdraw at Google. For these linked services, data is then collected via Google Analytics for advertising purposes. To support the remarketing function, Google Analytics collects users' Google-authenticated IDs, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data. This is used to define and create target groups for cross-device ad advertising.
Privacy policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Further information and setting options for personalized advertising at Google can be found here:
https://support.google.com/My-Ad-Center-Help/answer/12155451?hl=en&sjid=174251308182856932-EU
.
Google Signals
We use the Signals feature of Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Signals recognises individual users using different devices (so-called cross-device tracking). We only receive anonymous data in the form of a report that shows patterns in user behaviour. Google Signals helps us to better understand how visitors interact with our website and to show more meaningful and personalized ads to these visitors after leaving our website.
For this, session data is being processed and linked with website visitors that
• have a Google account;
• are logged in to their Google account when they access the corresponding website; and
• have turned on the “Ads personalization” feature in their Google account.
If you do not wish to be subject to the Signals feature, you can deactivate the “Ads personalization” feature in your Google account.
The privacy policy of Google can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Meta Pixel (formerly known as Facebook Pixel)
We use the "visitor action pixels" from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Meta") on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Meta, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Meta may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with
Facebook's Data Usage Policy
. You can allow Meta and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Meta pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads in your account-settings. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. The LinkedIn Insight Tag is offered by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on your
LinkedIn settings page
and recommend you read their
Cookie Policy
for more information. ​​You can find LinkedIn's privacy policy here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (formerly Salesforce Pardot)
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement is a B2B marketing automation tool by Salesforce, which we use to keep customers informed about upcoming events, product updates/ new features, etc. This marketing tool is embedded in our website for general marketing purposes, including e-mail, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. For this marketing tool, we use cookies to identify you when you visit and re-visit our website. With this tool we track different data points when you are using our website in order to improve the website content we provide to you as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and make their content more relevant for you. For more information on Salesforce's privacy policy, you can find their privacy policy here:
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
Hotjar
Hotjar Ltd. Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141, Malta, provides a service which analyses the online behavior of website users by combining analytics and feedback tools.
Hotjar will collect and process your IP address when you navigate through and interact with the contents of our website and to evaluate the use of Adjust Dashboard. The sole purpose for passively collecting this information is by means of the website analysis to improve your experience when using our website and Adjust Dashboard. Hotjar offers information on how users can stop the analysis:
https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/
. You can find Hotjar's privacy policy here:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Drift
Drift Inc., 222 Berkeley Street, Suite 600, Boston, MA 02116, USA, is providing a conversation-driven marketing platform. We have implemented Drift’s chatbot tool on our website in order to engage and communicate with website visitors interested in our services. For this, Drift records conversation data, IP address and contact information. Drift's privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/
.
Microsoft Advertising
We use Universal Event Tracking (UET) on our website via the Microsoft Advertising service of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Via UET, Microsoft stores a cookie in the user's browser to enable an analysis of the use of our online offer. The prerequisite for this is that the user has reached our website via an advertisement from Microsoft Advertising. In this way, we and Microsoft can recognise that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online offer and has reached a previously determined target page (conversion measurement). No IP addresses are stored in this process. No further personal information about the identity of the user is communicated either.
For more information on data protection at Microsoft, please refer to Microsoft's privacy statement at
http://privacy.microsoft.com/en/privacystatement
. Microsoft offers the opportunity to opt out under
https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/signedout?lang=en-US
.
6sense
We use 6sense, a marketing automation software on our website. The service is provided by 6sense Insights, Inc., 450 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States. 6sense enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with 6sense includes cookie and other online identifiers, names, email addresses, phone numbers, social media contact information, company names, customer status, industry and job descriptions, websites visited, location information, and commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by 6sense in their privacy policy at
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
.
G2
We use G2 Track Your Prospects, a marketing analytics service on our website. The service is provided by
G2.com
, Inc., 100 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606, United States. G2 allows us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with G2 includes the data collected by Google Analytics as well as data about your activity on our website as well as on the G2 website, namely cookie and other online identifiers, information stored in your G2 profile, information about your industry, customer status, websites visited and website usage information, location information, and likely commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by G2 in their privacy policy at
https://legal.g2.com/privacy-policy
.
Appzi
We use Appzi, a website visitor feedback collection tool on our website. The service is provided by Appzi, Inc., 2035 Sunset Lake Road, Newark, DE 19702, United States. Appzi allows us to collect feedback from website visitors. The data collected by Appzi includes the feedback provided by website visitors as well as information about your system (non-precise location, device type, operating system, browser type, screen resolution, URL visited). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Appzi in their privacy policy at
https://www.appzi.com/privacy
.
Demandbase
We use Demandbase, an account-based marketing service, on our website. The service is provided by Demandbase, Inc., 222 2nd St., 24th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. Demandbase enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with Demandbase includes contact details of our clients and prospects (first and last name, company name, title, email. address(es), phone number(s), business address.) and website traffic data collected via Demandbase Tag (IP address, cookie ID, HTTP header, website engagement information). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Demandbase in their privacy policy at
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy/.
3. Other Recipients
Cookiebot
We use the consent technology of Usercentrics A/S, Havnegade 39, 1058 Copenhagen, Denmark (hereinafter "Cookiebot") to obtain consent for the storage of certain cookies on your terminal device or for other actions requiring consent and to document and manage these in accordance with data protection laws. The purpose of the data processing is the analysis, management and proof of the consents granted, in order to comply with our obligation of a GDPR-compliant consent management.
When you access our websites, a connection is established to the servers of Cookiebot in order to obtain your consent and other declarations regarding the use of cookies. Cookiebot then stores a cookie in your browser in order to be able to assign the consents granted to you or their withdrawal. The data collected in this way is stored until you request us to delete it, delete the Cookiebot cookie yourself or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. Mandatory legal storage obligations remain unaffected.
Among other things, your IP address (in anonymized form, the last 3 digits are set to 0), the date and time of your consent, our website URL, technical browser data, an encrypted anonymous key and the cookies you have allowed (as proof of consent) are processed.
The privacy policy of Cookiebot can be found here:
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/
Gong
In our sales activities, we use the "Gong" service of Gong.io Inc., 265 Cambridge Ave, Suite 60717, Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA. We use Gong to record, transcribe and analyse video conferences between our sales staff and you. The service is used exclusively with your consent for the purpose of employee training. You will find Gong's Privacy Policy at
https://www.gong.io/privacy-policy
.
Facebook Lead Ads
We use Facebook Lead Ads from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. Users may submit their contact information to us through certain advertisements, which we then process for promotional and advertising purposes. For more information visit:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms
LinkedIn, meaning LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland, offers Ads that allow people to submit their contact and other information to us ("Lead Gen Forms").  We process the data transmitted to us for advertising purposes. You entered data will also be processed by LinkedIn. For more information visit:
https://linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using our Adjust Dashboard. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our Dashboard and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Dashboard so we can improve the experience. You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Rollbar
To better understand any possible errors in the source code of our dashboard, we share some data from our dashboard users with Rollbar, Inc., 665 3rd St Ste 150, San Francisco, California, 94107, USA. These data include the dashboard user's name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the dashboard user experienced while using the dashboard. For further information please refer to Rollbar's privacy policy at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/privacy-policy
.
Pendo
Pendo is an analysis service of Pendo.io Inc. 301 Hillsborough Street, Suite 1900, Raleigh, NC 27603, USA that we use to evaluate the use of our Adjust Dashboard, generate reports on activities, analyze behavioral metrics and improve the experience. The tool collects the Adjust Dashboard user name, email-address, country and region as well as usage data when using our Adjust Dashboard. You can find more information in Pendo's privacy policy at
www.pendo.io/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Facebook Page
We operate a Facebook page (so-called "Fanpage") on Facebook, a service of Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,
Meta collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights," to site operators to help them gain insight into how people interact with their sites and the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices users use, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. for the collection and processing of data of visitors to our Fanpage. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our Fanpage, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities., art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have therefore concluded a joint controller agreement with Meta regarding the processing of your data pursuant to Art. 26 DSGVO. The agreement with Meta also regulates in particular which security measures Meta must observe and that Meta must fulfill the data subject rights.
You can find more information about page insights as well as information on how to assert your data subject rights in the "
Information on page insights
". You can view the terms and conditions of the contract concluded with Meta
here
. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
LinkedIn Page
We operate a LinkedIn page on LinkedIn, a service of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
LinkedIn collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights", to site operators to help them understand how people interact with their pages and with the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content that users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices used by users, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company for the collection and processing of information about visitors to our page. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our LinkedIn Page, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities, art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. We have therefore concluded an agreement with LinkedIn on joint responsibility with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with art. 26 GDPR. In particular, the agreement with LinkedIn also regulates which security measures LinkedIn must observe and that LinkedIn must comply with the rights of data subjects.
You can find further information on the Page-Insights as well as instructions on how to assert your data subject rights in the privacy policy of LinkedIn (
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
). The terms of the agreement concluded with LinkedIn can be viewed here (
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
).
4. Processing of data through the Adjust technology
We provide mobile analytics and attribution services to mobile app providers (our "Customers"). In connection with these services, we may process certain data from the users of these mobile apps (collectively the "End User" or "You"), as further described hereafter. We process the data upon instructions from our Customers and do not have any kind of direct relationship with the You as the End User.
Our SDK and APIs (collectively the "Adjust Technology") may process some of the following data from You as the End User:
●        IP address
●        Mobile identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiers
●        User Agent
●        Installation and first opening of an app on Your mobile device
●        Your interactions within an app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)
●        Information regarding which advertisements You have seen or clicked on
●        For the Fraud product additionally: sensory data including touch events, counting text changes, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version
We use the aforementioned data for providing mobile analytics and attribution services to our Customers, and thereby allow our customers to measure their marketing performance, to match You to their campaigns and to understand how You engage with our Customers’ apps. Furthermore, we enable our Customers to measure Your interactions in their apps in real time in order to see how You engage over their full lifetime. The aforementioned data is therefore processed in order to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to provide performance reports to our Customers. We do not combine the data with any other data that would enable us to personally identify You. Any information processed via the Adjust Technology is owned and controlled by our Customer who has implemented the Adjust Technology into their mobile app.
We do not share or disclose the user data with anyone else except with our server providers and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requirements. We store the data as long as our Customers are using the Adjust Technology because we need it to provide our services to our Customers, if not requested otherwise by our Customers. In some cases, there is a transfer of data to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory provisions that are intended to ensure an adequate level of protection for Your personal data. For more information, please contact us.
Customers who have
child-directed apps
must choose the appropriate product settings and must not share any personal data with Partners or any third parties. Customers must agree to the section in our
Terms and Conditions
accordingly.
5. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Sub-policy 1
https://usefathom.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy law compliance
Compliance main
GDPR compliance
Schrems II compliance
ePrivacy (cookie law) compliance
PECR compliance
COPPA compliance
CCPA compliance
Our legal documents
Terms
Affiliate terms
Privacy policy
DPA
Guidelines
Privacy policy for Fathom Analytics
This privacy notice explains how we, Conva Ventures Inc. (the corporation behind Fathom Analytics), process personal data in our business as per the
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) and other relevant data protection and privacy laws applicable to our business.
Our commitment to data protection and privacy
Fathom Analytics is a
privacy-first analytics company
. We make money from our paying customers, so there's no need or reason to sell, rent or give away any of your data (that's not our business model).
In May 2020, we further solidified our privacy efforts with a comprehensive GDPR project led by a European-based GDPR consulting company. We reviewed all our obligations under the GDPR, updated our records of processing activities per Article 30, performed data protection risk assessments, formalized several policies and procedures and various other activities.
We have also formally appointed a Privacy Officer to help us stay continuously up to date with global data protection and privacy rules and regulations.
We hope to provide you with clear and transparent information on how we process your personal data (as a controller) and your data protection rights. If you feel that any information is unclear or missing, please do not hesitate to
contact us
.
We start this policy by describing our processing as the controller of your personal data. We also process some personal data on your behalf, as a data processor, described at the end.
Your data protection rights
Access and rectification
: you may request a copy of the information we process about you and ask us to rectify any incorrect data.
Erasure or restriction
: in some circumstances, you may ask us to delete or restrict our processing of your data, but we cannot delete any data we are legally required to process.
Object to processing
: in some circumstances, you may ask us to stop processing your data.
Data portability
: in some circumstances, you may ask us to transfer your data to you or another organization.
Also, if you're unhappy about how we process your data, you have a
right to complain
to a
national data authority
. We hope, however, that you will contact us first so that we can try to resolve the matter for you in a satisfactory way.
Please get in touch with us if you have any questions about how we handle your data or want to exercise one of your rights. You are entitled to a reply within 30 days.
How we get your personal data
We typically process personal data on potential or existing customers, website visitors and vendors and collaboration partners.
We may process personal data when you:
Contact/communicate with us online (email, video calls, social media, etc.) or on the phone
Use our services/software (Fathom Analytics)
Deliver products/services to or enter into a collaboration with us
It is voluntary to provide us with personal data, but we cannot provide you with our services if you choose not to.
We do not rent, buy or sell personal data from or to others, use automated decisions or profiling in the processing of your personal data, or process any special category data as per the GDPR Article 9.
Purpose, lawful basis and retention periods
We only process your personal data when we have a purpose and a lawful basis for doing so. Under the GDPR Article 6-1, the lawful bases we rely on are:
Your consent
We have a contractual obligation (contract)
We have a legal obligation
We have a legitimate interest
As a rule, we do not process personal data for longer than necessary to fulfill the purpose for processing. To comply with this, we have regular internal GDPR audits where we formally assess our data protection and privacy work with the intention to amend, update and, if necessary, delete personal data.
We will only retain data for as long as we are required to as per applicable legal obligations such as accounting, tax, labour laws or any other relevant rules and regulations. One example is the Canadian Income Tax Act, where we are required to retain data for as long as someone is a customer and then for at least six years.
Details on the processing of your personal data
This section describes when and how we process your data, for what purposes and our legal grounds to do so (lawful bases). We also specify the retention periods for the processing.
We process personal data when:
You communicate with us
Regardless of your relationship with us, as a potential or existing customer, vendor or other, we process your personal data whenever you communicate with us. This could be when you contact us through email, phone (call, text message) or social media. Depending on where and how you contact us, this may include your name, contact details, IP address and other information you choose to send to us. We use a customer support system to manage personal data on potential and existing customers.
The purpose is to be able to respond to your inquiries and, on some occasions, to keep records in case of complaints or legal claims. The lawful basis is f), where our legitimate interest is to respond to your inquiries and, on some occasions, keep records in case of complaints or legal claims.
We review this data at our regular GDPR audits and delete personal data as appropriate. We typically keep this type of personal data for up to two years or six years if we have a legal obligation in accordance with accounting and bookkeeping rules.
You sign up for a Fathom Analytics trial
We want you to be able to try Fathom Analytics before you spend money, which is why we offer a
30-day free trial
. To get access, you need to share your email address and billing address, set a password, select your preferred plan, and enter your payment card details. Your card will be charged at the end of your trial unless you have cancelled your account. We will send you a few emails during your trial. If you don't want to receive these emails, you can easily opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email.
The purpose of this processing is to give you access to a trial of our service, and the lawful basis is b) contract. We review this data at our regular GDPR audits and delete personal data as appropriate; however, no later than two years after you signed up for the trial.
You subscribe to Fathom Analytics (become a customer)
When you purchase a subscription, we already have the personal data you provided when signing up for a trial. We will also have your order/invoice history. You can add other personal data in your account dashboard, like address, company name and VAT number. If you choose to become an affiliate, we ask for your PayPal email address (note that we do not share any personal data about the referrals you've made).
The purpose of this processing is to fulfill our obligation to deliver the services you have purchased and manage the customer relationship. The lawful bases are b) contract and c) legal obligation related to accounting, tax and other business laws we must abide by.
We process the data for as long as you are a customer, and we have a legal obligation as per any applicable rules and regulations we are bound by. We are required by law to store business records, including personal data, for as long as someone is a customer and then for at least six years for accounting and bookkeeping purposes.
You receive marketing as an existing customer
If we have an existing customer relationship with you, we may send you emails containing a promotional element (this happens very infrequently). The personal data we process is your name and email address. The purpose is to provide you with news and offers related to your subscription. The lawful basis is f), where our legitimate interest is to offer our relevant products and services. The lawful basis could also be a), where you have given us your consent to such marketing.
You can opt-out of marketing emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any such email. We process the data for as long as we have a customer relationship with you or if the processing is based on your consent until you withdraw it. When you ask us not to send you any promotional materials, your account will be flagged as "unsubscribed from marketing" in our internal database, and you won't receive any further marketing emails from us. We are still required to process data for accountancy, tax and other business purposes if you are our customer.
You respond to our surveys
We sometimes send surveys to our customers to improve our product. Responding to our surveys is completely voluntary. We process personal data such as your name, contact details and other information you choose to share with us. We do not process any personal data if a survey is anonymous.
The purpose is to gather your feedback to continuously improve our products and services and provide you with better customer service in the future. The lawful basis is a) consent. We review this data at our regular GDPR audits and delete personal data as appropriate; however, no later than two years after responding to the survey.
You supply services to or collaborate with us
When you enter into an agreement with us either as a vendor, partner or data processor, we process personal data such as your name, contact details and correspondence. The purpose is to enter into this agreement and communicate with you before, during and after our formal business relationship.
The lawful bases are b) contract, c) legal obligation related to accounting, tax and other business laws we are required to abide by, and f) where our legitimate interests are to be able to communicate with you before, during and after our formal business relationship (described under the paragraph "
You communicate with us
" above). We store personal data for as long as we have a formal business relationship and then for up to 6 years after, in accordance with our legal obligations for accounting, tax and other business purposes.
You use our website
When you use our website, we briefly process your IP address and user agent, which are considered personal data under the GDPR. Following a
significant DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attack
, we were also forced to start keeping partial access logs. We don't keep track of which pages are viewed, only the time & total requests per IP. The purposes for this processing are a) to protect against cyberattacks such as the DDoS one and b) to analyze our website traffic to optimize and run our business effectively. The lawful basis is f), where our legitimate interests protect our business against cyberattacks and optimize and run our business effectively.
PS: We don't use cookies or similar technology on our website, and we don't collect any personal data that would trigger the consent requirement under the ePrivacy Directive (
Directive 2009/136/EC
). We use our own
ePrivacy Compliant Analytics
service.
Whom we share your personal data with
To run our business efficiently and
securely
, we sometimes will have to share your personal data with other (trusted) parties such as:
Data processors
: providers of various services that process your personal data on our behalf
Our accountant
Professional advisors from other industries
, such as law and finance
IT support, when necessary
Public authorities
: when we are obliged to report to them
We require that all such recipients secure data in accordance with good information security and as per the requirements of this Privacy notice. We review and quality assure all vendors and data processors and enter into a data processing agreement/addendum whenever necessary.
We use data processors for:
Email, calendar and digital meetings
Accounting/bookkeeping
This website, including online payments providers
Transactional emails to customers
Support ticket system
We don't publish further details (like names) of our data processors to protect our business. If you'd like to know more about our processing and with whom we share your personal data, please get in touch with us. We practice
data minimization
, so we will only use data suppliers to process your personal data when required (e.g. Stripe for payment processing).
Transfer of personal data outside the EU/EEA
In some cases, your personal data will be transferred to a "third country", i.e. outside the EU/EEA. For example, where we use data processors to manage email services. We only use data processors we trust that are well known, reputable, and have a data processing agreement/addendum.
We have ensured that every data processor in a third country has necessary safeguards in place like the EU adequacy decision, standard contractual clauses (SCC) or binding corporate rules (BCR).
We conduct risk assessments for every data processor we use in our business. In addition, where your personal data is transferred outside of the EU/EEA, we conduct an additional risk assessment. We review, in particular, the data processor's technical and organizational security measures, reputation and safeguards for international transfers of personal data.
In line with the
Schrems II ruling
and the
EDPB's recommendations
, we have also conducted transfer impact assessments (TIA). We've created a new technique called
EU Isolation
to address the ruling - which is available to all customers on all plans.
If you still have any concerns or questions, please get in touch with us.
Information security
We take information security as seriously as privacy, and we will always do our utmost to safeguard your personal data in the best possible way. For example, we use strong passwords, data encryption, two-factor authentication and several other measures to secure our data and prevent unauthorized persons from accessing, altering, deleting, or in any way affecting the data we store,
including
your personal data.
We only allow others to access or process your personal data in accordance with our instructions and only when strictly necessary (e.g. in the unlikely event that we require IT support).
We have created and implemented a dedicated IT security policy for technical and organizational measures and a routine for managing data breaches. Suppose we experience a personal data breach, i.e. a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data, and it poses a medium to high risk for the people affected. In that case, we will notify the national data authority within 72 hours. If the risk is deemed high for the people affected, we will inform them directly, if possible.
Our role as a data processor
When you use Fathom Analytics on your website, we process data from your website visitors on your behalf. In this case, you are the controller of such data, and we are a data processor of yours. We comply with the requirements as per
GDPR Article 28
, like:
Only carry our processing on your behalf and as per your instructions
Use sufficient technical and organizational security measures to protect the data we process on your behalf
Require our employees to treat your data as confidential
Govern this processing by a contract (a data processing addendum) [DPA being published publicly soon]
We also engage other (sub)processors as per your general written authorization and will inform you of any intended changes regarding such (sub)processors to object to such changes, should you not agree to them.
You can view a detailed
Data journey
of what happens when you use Fathom analytics on your website. And you can explore our
privacy law compliance
section for more information.
We process minimal personal data on your behalf
Since we built Fathom Analytics from the ground up with privacy in mind, we have minimized the amount of personal data being processed to only include the IP address and User-Agent (in line with one of the fundamental principles of the GDPR;
Article 5(1)(c)
).
The IP address and User-Agent are considered personal data under the GDPR, and the lawful basis for processing is usually consent or legitimate interest. Since the IP address is provided by the internet service provider and not by the user's
terminal equipment
, we do not consider such information to constitute "information stored in the terminal equipment". IP addresses provided in that manner are therefore outside the scope of Article 5 (3), and the consent requirement will not apply under the ePrivacy Directive (
Directive 2009/136/EC
). In addition, User-Agent is not accessed from
terminal equipment
, it is sent to us by your browser, and it's impossible for us not to receive it. Note: This may change in the future as browsers move to remove user agent strings.
As per the Schrems II ruling, we process EU visitor data in the EU - learn more about
EU isolation
here.
Accessing and Correcting your Personal Data
You have a right to access your personal data and request a correction if you believe it is inaccurate. If you have submitted Personal Information and would like to have access to it, or if you would like to have it corrected, please get in touch with us using the contact information provided below.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or to access your information, please send a written request to:
Conva Ventures Inc.
26 Bastion Square, Third Floor Burnes House, Victoria, British Columbia, V8W 1H9, Canada.
Or send an email to:
support@usefathom.com
.
This privacy notice was last updated: July 12, 2021
Switch to a better Google Analytics alternative
Fathom Analytics is simpler, more accurate and privacy-first. Import your Google Analytics data (UA and GA4), add our single line of code, and watch real-time analytics from your site pour in.
Start a 30-day, unlimited free trial to see how simple analytics can be.
Get started
Check out our full-featured, live demo to see how our software works.
Live demo
Pricing
Features
How it works
vs Google Analytics
About Fathom
Help centre
Blog & news
Podcast: Above Board
How we process data
What's new?
Legal compliance
Contact us
Log in
or
Start a free trial
Sub-policy 2
https://business.safety.google/privacy/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Learn more about
how Google processes personal information
Google's use of information
Helps you understand how Google uses personal information it receives from sites or apps that use our advertising services.
Read more
Privacy Policy
Helps you understand what information Google collects and why, how we use it, and how you can review, manage, delete and update it.
Read more
Data use across Google services
Helps you understand how personal data is shared across Google services and how Google handles personal data received from our advertising partners.
Read more
Sub-policy 3
https://calendly.com/privacy:
Overview
Terms
Policies
Privacy Notice
Introduction.
Applicability.
Information We Collect and Process.
How We Use Your Information.
With Whom We May Share Your Information.
Children and Educational Service Providers
Your Rights and Choices.
Security and Storage of Information.
Individuals Outside the USA.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Notice.
Additional California Resident Privacy Disclosures.
Changes to this Privacy Notice.
Contacting Us.
CCPA Notice at Collection for California Residents
FERPA and COPPA Privacy Notice and Privacy Notice for Children
Acceptable Use Policy
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and Trademark Infringement Policy
Calendly Web Accessibility Statement
Developer Policy
Contact us
Table of contents
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
February 7, 2025
Introduction.
This privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) describes how Calendly, LLC and its affiliate Interview Schedule, Inc. d/b/a Prelude (“Calendly”, “we”, or “us”) collect, use, and disclose your Personal Data in the course of our business. Throughout this document, we will use a few defined terms.
“
Personal Data
” when used in this Privacy Notice means any data relating to an identified or identifiable natural person that is processed by Calendly as described in this Privacy Notice when such information is protected as “personal data” or “personal information” or a similar term under applicable data protection laws.
“
Services
” when used in this Privacy Policy means all of Calendly’s websites, applications (including, but not limited to, mobile and cloud applications), tools, platforms, and services offered by Calendly, but excluding third party applications.
“
Website
” when used in this Privacy Policy means the Calendly.com website or any other proprietary website owned by Calendly or that Calendly has the authority to manage and control and which link to this Privacy Policy.
Applicability.
Unless stated otherwise, this Privacy Notice only applies to Personal Data for which Calendly acts as a controller, such as when you visit our Website or create an account for our Services.  Please note that when our customers use our Services to directly collect and process Personal Data, such as when our customers use our Services to schedule a meeting with you or record a meeting, Calendly acts as a processor (or service provider) on behalf of our customers (who are controllers of the Personal Data) under the Calendly
Data Processing Addendum
and
Customer Terms and Conditions
.   If you have questions about how your data is processed by our customers or wish to exercise your rights with respect to that data, you should contact the customer which collected your information.
Information We Collect and Process.
Information You Provide Directly to Calendly
When You Visit Our Website
.  We may collect Personal Data from you when you submit information via a web form or otherwise interact with our Website, for example to request a demo, create a help center or developer account, or download resources and white papers.  In these instances, we may ask for certain Personal Data, such as your name, email address, and phone number.
Account Information.
Calendly’s customers provide Calendly with Personal Data, including name, email address, username, and password, when they set up their account.  If a customer has multiple account holders, then each account holder will provide us with similar information.
Billing Information.
If you purchase a paid version of Calendly, our third party payment processors will collect and store your billing address and credit card information. We store the last four digits of your credit card number, card type, and the expiration date. (
For Prelude service customers only,
the payment and billing information will be processed as established in the services agreement between Calendly and your organization.).
Marketing Information
. People interested in Calendly’s products and services may contact us through forms made available on the Website and voluntarily provide information such as name, email address, phone number, company, and role. People interested in our newsletter may also submit their name and email addresses to join our mailing list. We also receive other similar information provided by you if you participate in an event hosted by or attended by Calendly or its partners (such as webinars, conferences, and trade shows) and in your interactions with our social media accounts.
Additional Information
. We may also receive certain Personal Data as you interact with Calendly through activities such as surveys, focus groups, or any other product education initiatives aimed at receiving your feedback.
Information Collected Automatically From You.
We and our authorized third parties use Cookies (defined below), pixels, web beacons, and other technologies (such as local storage) to receive and store certain types of information when you interact with us through your computer or mobile device (subject to your consent, opt-out preferences or other appropriate legal basis where legally required). Using these technologies helps us customize your experience with our Website and Services, improve your experience, tailor marketing messages, and detect and prevent fraud and security risks. Here is more specific information about the types of information we collect automatically:
Log & Device Data.
When you access the Website or the Services, we and our authorized third parties may automatically record certain information (“log data”), including information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Website. This log data may include information, such as the web address you came from or are going to, your device model, operating system, browser type, unique device identifier, IP address, mobile network carrier, and time zone or approximate location. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings. For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you’re using a Mac or PC, or an iPhone or an Android phone. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.
Cookie and Local Storage Data.
Depending on how you’re accessing our Services and subject to your consent, opt-out preferences, or other appropriate legal basis where legally required, we and our authorized third parties may use “Cookies” (a small text file sent by your computer each time you visit our Website, unique to your Calendly account or your browser) or similar technologies such as pixels, web beacons or local storage to record log data. When we use Cookies, we may use ‘session’ Cookies (that last until you close your browser) or ‘persistent’ Cookies (that last until you or your browser deletes them). For example, we may use Cookies to keep you logged into Calendly. Some of the Cookies we use are associated with your Calendly account (including Personal Data about you, such as the email address you gave us), and other Cookies are not associated with your Calendly account. Calendly provides a centralized cookie management service across the entire Calendly Website. When visiting the Calendly Website or a booking page for the first time, Website visitors will see a cookie banner in accordance with their region. Cookie preferences can be adjusted at any time.  To learn how to manage your cookie preferences, please read the “Your Rights and Choices” Section of this Privacy Notice. We may also use your browser’s local storage under “localStorage” to store certain information that enables us to recognize you when you return to our website. You may erase the local storage objects by deleting your browser's history. (
For Prelude service Invitees only,
you can opt out through the “Cookie Preferences” link made available to you on the booking page you receive from a Prelude customer.)
Usage Data.
When our customers use our Services, we and our authorized third parties collect certain information about how you use the Services.  For example, we collect information on the meeting types our customers use most often, how many meetings are scheduled each day, the app used for the virtual meeting, and whether the meeting was recorded. We use this information to help us monitor and improve the Services, such as to determine which features are most popular amongst our customers, and which features could be added or improved.
Information from Third Party Sources
We may obtain Personal Data about you from third party sources.  This Personal Data may include personal and employment information from lead-generation and marketing companies.  For example, these third party sources may provide Calendly with name, email address, phone number, location of business, time zone, biographical details, job title, employer (and related company details), employment seniority, social media usernames and avatars, and social media activity details.  Calendly uses this information to assist with its sales and marketing efforts.
Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use Our Services
The Services we offer our customers enable our customers to schedule meetings, manage their own customer relationships, and have a better overall experience in their meetings.  When customers use our Services, they may process certain Personal Data, such as first and last name, email address, phone number, virtual meeting recordings, transcripts and summaries, and other information about you.  We call the information that our customers submit or collect via our Services “Customer Data” under our
Customer Terms and Conditions
.
Calendly stores and processes Customer Data on behalf of our customers as a processor (or service provider) based on our customers’ instructions and in accordance with our
Data Processing Addendum
and
Customer Terms and Conditions
.   Each customer controls and is  responsible for the information they process using our Services and for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring Personal Data to Calendly. For example, when Microsoft uses our Services, we process and store relevant data on behalf of Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft handles personal data, you can review their privacy statement
here
. If you have questions about how your data is processed by our customers or wish to exercise your rights with respect to that data, you should contact the customer which collected your information.
How We Use Your Information.
We may use information that we collect about you, including Personal Data, for the following purposes:
Provide the Calendly Services
. We will use your information to provide our Services to you, including to facilitate scheduling; record, transcribe and summarize your meetings; help manage your customer relationships; create and manage your account; respond to your inquiries; prevent or address service errors, security, or technical issues; analyze and monitor usage; prevent spam, fraud and abuse on the Services; investigate potential violations of our Terms, verify your identity; and for other customer service and support purposes. We use the payment information you provide to us in order to alert you of past, current, and upcoming charges, to allow us to present the billing history to you on your billing page in your account, and to perform internal financial processes, such as looking at the status of a credit card charge. In the event of a credit card dispute, we also share account information with your bank to verify the legitimacy of a charge.
For EU / UK purposes, our legal bases for processing are performance of a contract and legitimate interests.
Understand and improve our products.
We will perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, Services or content, or products, services or content offered by others. We do this to help make our Services better and to develop new Services.
For EU /UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is legitimate interests.
Communicate with you.
Service-related communications.
We may send you service and administrative emails to ensure the service is working properly. We will also email you regarding your calendar appointments. These messages are considered part of the Services and you may not opt out of these messages.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is performance of a contract.
Promotional.
Subject to your opt-out preference and subscription, we may send you emails about new product features or other news about Calendly or on topics we think would be relevant to you. You may opt out of receiving these communications at any time. Visit the ‘Your Rights and Choices’ section below. Please be assured that we do not use the email addresses that you enter to schedule a meeting with a Calendly customer to send any type of direct marketing. However, you may receive marketing communications if you have used the same email address to sign up for them previously or to manage your account as a Calendly customer.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is consent or legitimate interests.
Responding to your requests.
We will also use your information to respond to your questions or comments.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal bases for processing are performance of a contract, legitimate interests and/or compliance with a legal obligation.
Administrative.
We may contact you to inform you about changes to your account, our Services and other important service-related notices, such as changes to the Terms or Privacy Notice or about security or fraud notices.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal bases for processing are performance of a contract, legitimate interests, and/or compliance with a legal obligation.
Protecting Rights and Interests.
We will use your information to protect our rights and interests as well as the rights and interests of our customers and any other person, as well as to enforce this Privacy Notice or our Terms.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is legitimate interests
.
Legal Compliance.
We may use your information to comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with requests from law enforcement or other governmental authorities, or in legal proceedings involving Calendly.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is compliance with a legal obligation.
Other.
We also may use your information to manage our business or perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection subject to your consent where legally required.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is consent or legitimate interests.
With Whom We May Share Your Information.
We may share information we collect about you, including Personal Data, in the following ways:
With third party Service Providers, agents, and contractors.
We use other companies, agents, or contractors (“Service Providers”) to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with providing services and communicating with you. For example, we may engage Service Providers to process credit card transactions or other payment methods. We may also engage Service Providers to provide services such as monitoring and developing Calendly Services; aiding in communications, infrastructure, and IT services; customer service; debt collection; and analyzing and enhancing data. These Service Providers may have access to your Personal Data or other information to provide these functions. In addition, some of the above-listed types of information that we request may be collected by Service Providers on our behalf.
We may also disclose information to Service Providers for certain web tracking purposes, including allowing Service Providers to directly collect information using Cookies and related tracking technologies (such as pixels and web beacons).  For example, we use session replay, session recording and similar tools provided by Service Providers to record your interactions with our Website, such as how you move throughout our Website and engage with our webforms. In addition to analytics, this information helps us improve our Website and Services, our marketing activities, and identify and fix technical issues visitors may be having with our Website.
In addition, we may share information with Service Providers for legal, security, and safety purposes. This includes sharing information to enforce policies or contracts, address security breaches, and assist in the investigation of fraud, security issues, or other concerns.
We require Service Providers to agree to take reasonable steps to keep the Personal Data that we provide to them secure. We do not authorize them to use or disclose your Personal Data except in connection with providing their services. You may find the list of Calendly’s Service Providers which are also sub-processors
here
.
Third Party Partners and Other Third Party Tools.
We may disclose information to third party partners, including marketing, advertising and analytics providers.  We may also disclose information or allow third parties to directly collect information using third party cookies and related tracking technologies (such as pixels and web beacons) on our Website, such as social media companies, advertising networks, companies that provide analytics (including ad tracking and reporting), security providers and others that help us operate our Services and Website.  We use such third party tools subject to your consent, opt-out preferences, or other appropriate legal basis where legally required.  For example, we use third party providers such as Google Analytics to provide certain analytics in connection with the operation of our Website, including collection and tracking of certain data and information regarding characteristics and activities or visitors to the Website.  To learn how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
Affiliates.
We may disclose information to current or future affiliates or subsidiaries for purposes consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Government entities.
We may share your data if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal, or governmental request; to respond to a subpoena, court order, warrant, or other legal process; to enforce applicable Terms or this Privacy Notice, including investigation of potential violations thereof; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Calendly; to detect, prevent, or otherwise address, security or technical issues, illegal, or suspected illegal activities (including fraud); or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved, or as part of a judicial or regulatory proceeding.
Authorized Agents.
If you are using Calendly as a member of an organization or with your organization’s email domain (thereby representing yourself as a member of the organization), we may share your email address, plan information, and data within your account with an authorized agent of your company upon your company’s request for them to administer the account for the company.
Reorganization Event.
We may, as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of assets, reorganization, or liquidation of our company (a "Reorganization Event"), transfer or assign your Personal Data to parties involved in the Reorganization Event. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by and subject to this Privacy Notice.
Children and Educational Service Providers
Calendly is not directed to children under eighteen (18) years of age, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 18. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Data, we will promptly delete such Personal Data from our systems. For educational service providers and schools, please see our
FERPA and COPPA Privacy Policy and Notice
.
Your Rights and Choices.
Depending on your relationship with Calendly, you may exercise your rights and choices in the following ways:
Account.
If you are a customer, you may keep your Personal Data accurate and complete by logging into the Services to review and update your account information, including contact and billing information, via your account settings page.
E-mail.
As described above, if you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you may opt out at any time by following the opt-out link contained in the email itself. Please note that it may take up to ten (10) days to process your request. Please also note that if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may continue to send to you service-related emails which are not available for opt-out. If you do not wish to receive any service-related emails from us, you have the option to delete your account.
Cookies.
Depending on your browser and device, you may have the ability to block or reject Cookies via your browser settings. Your browser’s help function should contain instructions on how to set your computer to accept all Cookies, to notify you when a Cookie is issued, or to not receive Cookies at any time. Please keep in mind that certain Cookies are required to authenticate your account as well as perform some actions within Calendly, and therefore, to use the Website, some strictly necessary Cookies are required.  Calendly also provides a centralized cookie management module across the entire Calendly Website, which can be used to adjust your cookie preferences at any time.  This cookie management module can be accessed in four ways: (1) when visiting the Calendly Website for the first time, Website visitors will see a cookie banner, which includes a link to this cookie management module, in accordance with their region; (2) Website visitors can also navigate to the footer of the Calendly Website at any time and change their Cookie preferences under “Cookie Settings” or “Your Privacy Choices;” (3) customers can manage their cookie preferences by accessing “Cookie Settings” under “Account Settings” within their Calendly account; and (4) when a customer wishes to schedule a meeting with you and provides you with a hyperlink to do so, you will be taken to the bookings page of our Website where you can click on “Cookie Settings.”
Third-party analytics and advertising services.
Some of the third party tools we use provide the ability to opt-out.
Google Analytics.
You may opt out of Google Analytics’ services using the Opt-Out feature on their website. The Google Analytics service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out from Google Analytics service from using your information by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser tool:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Clearbit
. You may opt out of Clearbit’s services using their opt-out feature:
https://claim.clearbit.com/claim
. For more information on the privacy practices of Clearbit, please visit their privacy policy:
https://clearbit.com/privacy
.
Facebook Pixel
. You may opt out of Facebook Pixel’s services using their opt-out feature:
https://facebook.com/help/568137493302217
. For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit their Data Policy:
https://facebook.com/about/privacy
MNTN.
You may opt out of TV advertising using their opt-out feature:
https://mountain.com/opt-out/
. For more information on the privacy practices of MNTN, please visit their privacy policy:
https://mountain.com/privacy-policy/
Additional Rights.
Depending on where you live, you may have the following rights, subject to any applicable exemptions or limitations under local laws:
The right to know and access your Personal Data, such as the categories of Personal Data we have collected, the sources of Personal Data, the purposes of collection, and how we used, disclosed, sold, or shared Personal Data;
The right to correct inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain about you;
The right to delete your Personal Data under specific circumstances;
The right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Data, as such terms are defined by applicable laws;
The right to object or opt out of certain types of processing, such as targeted advertising, direct marketing, and certain types of profiling and automated decision-making;
The right to request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data;
The right to data portability, which means requesting a copy of your Personal Data in an accessible format;
The right to withdraw your consent under certain circumstances; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection supervisory authority. Where applicable, EU residents can find contact information for the relevant data protection supervisory authority on the European Data Protection Board’s website,
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
, or through other publicly available sources.
If you are located in the United States and access the Website, our use of certain cookies could be considered a “sale” or “share” under applicable state privacy laws. If you are a resident of one of these states, you may have the right to opt out of the use of such cookies that result in a “sale” or “share” by navigating to the “Your Privacy Choices” or “Cookie Settings” link in the footer of the Website or clicking through the option in the banner that appears when you first visit our Website. Specifically, to opt out of “sales” or “sharing,” click the “Reject All” button, which will disable all optional cookies, including Performance, Functional, and Targeting cookies. Where required, we also honor requests to opt out submitted via privacy preference signals recognized under applicable laws, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC). (For more information on the GPC and how to use a browser or browser extension incorporating the signal to opt out of “sales” or “sharing,” see https://globalprivacycontrol.org.). In addition to opting out with Calendly, there are other mechanisms generally available by advertising groups for consumers to opt out of interest-based advertising from a large number of advertising providers at once, including but not limited to, using the following links:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
and
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
. Please note that these mechanisms are not managed by Calendly, and Calendly is not an advertising provider.
To the extent any of the above rights are applicable, you may exercise your rights by contacting us at
privacy@calendly.com
. We will take steps to verify your identity before processing certain requests. We will not fulfill your request unless you have provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify that you are the individual about whom we collected Personal Data. If you do not have an account with us, we may request additional information about you to verify your identity. We will only use the Personal Data provided in the verification process to verify your identity or authority to make a request, and to track and document request responses, unless you initially provided the information for another purpose. Calendly will retain the relevant records associated with your request to demonstrate our compliance in accordance with legal requirements and reasonable retention periods.
Based on your jurisdiction, you may be able to use an authorized agent to submit a rights request on your behalf. When we verify your agent’s request, we may verify both your and your agent’s identity and request a signed document from you that authorizes your agent to make the request on your behalf. To protect your Personal Data, we reserve the right to deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on their behalf.
Certain laws may give you a right to appeal any denials of your request to exercise your rights. If we deny your request and you would like to submit an appeal, please contact us at
privacy@calendly.com
.
Note on Third-Party Links.
Our Website may contain links to third party websites and applications. Subject to your opt-out or consent preferences, we may also use third party advertisers, ad networks, and other advertising, marketing and promotional companies, to serve advertisements on our Website and other websites and applications. Any access to and use of such linked websites and applications is not governed by this Privacy Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We do not endorse these parties, their content, or any products and services they offer, and we do not endorse these parties, their content, or any products and services they offer, and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites or applications.
Security and Storage of Information.
Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, there is no guarantee that Personal Data will be absolutely safe from access, alteration, or destruction by a breach of any of our physical, technical, and managerial safeguards. However, Calendly takes the security of your Personal Data very seriously. We work hard to protect the Personal Data that you provide from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, and we have taken reasonable steps to help protect the Personal Data we collect. We have obtained industry recognized certifications and audits, such as the ISO/IEC 27001, which affirm our commitment to our security program (certification not applicable to the Prelude service). More information on Calendly security and storage practices is available
here
.
You should also take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your device and account by, among other things, choosing a unique and complex password that nobody else knows or can easily guess and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
We retain the Personal Data we collect for so long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data was collected, to perform our contractual and legal obligations (including any exemptions or exceptions contemplated by law), and for any applicable statute of limitations periods for the purposes of bringing and defending claims.
Individuals Outside the USA.
If you are an individual located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Canada or another jurisdiction outside of the United States with laws and regulations governing Personal Data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be aware that information we collect (including through the use of methods such as Cookies and other web technologies) will be processed and stored in the United States or in other countries where we or our Service Providers have operations. By submitting your Personal Data to Calendly and using Calendly, please be aware that your Personal Data may be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States or another jurisdiction which may not offer the same level of privacy protection as those in the country where you reside. (For a list of applicable countries where data centers are located specifically for the sub-processors of our Services, you may check our
subprocessors list
.)
In connection with the operation of its Website, Calendly may transfer your Personal Data to various locations, which may include locations both inside and outside of the European Economic Area. We rely on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK Addendum to legally transfer Personal Data submitted relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland.
Calendly has designated representatives in the European Economic Area and in the United Kingdom in accordance with applicable legal requirements in the GDPR and UK GDPR. If you are located in these jurisdictions, you can contact our representatives at any time with any questions you may have about data protection. Their contact details are found in the “Contacting Us” section below.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Notice.
Calendly, LLC and its affiliate Interview Schedule, Inc. d/b/a Prelude (collectively referred to in this section as “Calendly” or “we”) comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Calendly has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Calendly has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the DPF principles, when we transfer Personal Data to a third party acting as our agent, we will be liable under the Principles if our agent processes such Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to a lawful request made by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Calendly’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Calendly commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Calendly at the contact methods set out in the “Contacting Us” section at the end of this Privacy Notice. Our goal is to address your complaint and make it right. However, if we can’t resolve your complaint,  you may contact JAMS, our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
(free of charge). You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland (as applicable) for unresolved complaints.  It is also possible, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. Please see the
Data Privacy Framework Annex I
for more information on this option.
Additional California Resident Privacy Disclosures.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and any subsequent amendments including the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, “CCPA”), California residents are entitled to the following additional disclosures about our data processing. These disclosures apply solely to individuals who live in the State of California (“California Residents”). All terms used in this section have the same meaning as when used in the CCPA. California Residents may also review our Notice at Collection for our Website
here
.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of Personal Data: identifiers, personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)); commercial information; internet or other similar network activity; geolocation data, professional or employment-related data; and inferences drawn from other categories or personal information. For more details about the specific types of Personal Data we have collected, the purposes for which we have collected Personal Data and the sources of that information, please refer to the descriptions above in the Information We Collect and the How We Use Your Information sections above.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed all of the categories of Personal Data described above for a business purpose as detailed in the description of disclosures to “Service Providers” in the With Whom We May Share Your Information section above.
We may also sell or share information to the extent our use of cookies and tracking technologies for targeted advertising or analytics purposes constitutes a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA. Your opt-out rights are described in the Your Rights and Choices section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Personal Data with our targeted advertising and analytics partners: identifiers and internet or other similar network activity.
We do not knowingly sell the Personal Data of minors under age 18.
Response to Requests.
For an explanation of the rights you may have as a California resident, please see the Your Rights and Choices section above. We will attempt to respond to California Resident requests in a timely fashion. In the event of delays over 45 days, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we may deliver our written response to that account. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable receipt of a California Resident’s request unless you request otherwise and that time period meets the regulatory requirements. The response we provide will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before fulfilling your request.
Shine the Light.
This Privacy Notice describes how we may share your information, including for marketing purposes. California residents are entitled to request and obtain from us once per calendar year information about any of your Personal Data shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, including the categories of information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we have shared such information. To request this information and for any other questions about our privacy practices and compliance with California law, please contact us at
privacy@calendly.com
.
Changes to this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. This Privacy Notice may change if there is a material change to the way information is handled at Calendly, or to clarify our Notice or adjust clerical errors. If any changes are made, we’ll post them on this page, so please be sure to check back periodically.
Contacting Us.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or anything related to privacy, please contact us via email at
privacy@calendly.com
.
You may also write to us at:
Attn: Privacy Department
Calendly, Inc.
115 E Main St., Ste A1B
Buford, GA 30518
USA
For EEA Residents - you may also contact our EU Representative at
eurep@calendly.com
. Alternatively, they can be reached by post (DPO Centre Europe, BERLIN: Friedrichstrabe 88, Excellent Business Centre, Berlin, 10117, Germany or (+49 304 0817 3000).
https://www.dpocentre.com/contact-us/
For UK Residents: you may also contact our UK Representative at ukrep@calendly.com. Alternatively, they can be reached by post (The DPO Centre Ltd, 50 Liverpool Street, London, EC2M 7PY) or (+44 (0) 203 797 6340).
https://www.dpocentre.com/contact-us/
Sub-policy 4
https://www.intuit.com/privacy/statement/:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
GLOBAL PRIVACY STATEMENTS
You deserve transparency into our data use
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Intuit digital properties use cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies to provide you the best possible experience on and off our sites. You may opt-out of the use of cookies and trackers that may share some limited personal information with our third party advertising partners using the option below. For more information on how we use Cookies and Tracking Technologies, please review our
Cookies Policy.
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 5
https://webflow.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to main content
Webflow
Contact sales
Platform
Build
Design
Build high-performing sites
Edit mode
Empower your content team
Interactions
Craft immersive experiences
Page building
New
Launch simple landing pages quickly and easily
Manage
CMS
Manage content at scale
Hosting
Host and scale your site without the hassle
Localization
Customize your site for a worldwide audience
Security
Ensure your site stays safe
Optimize
Analyze
New
Understand how your site performs
Optimize
New
Maximize conversions with testing and personalization
SEO
Grow your reach with fine-tuned controls
Extend
Apps
Connect your site to apps like HubSpot, Adobe Express, and more
Figma to Webflow
Turn static designs into clean, production-ready code
Platform overview
Explore the power of the Webflow Platform
↗
AI at Webflow
Elevate your site with the power of AI
↗
Solutions
Webflow for
Enterprise
Built for world-class organizations
Agencies
Accelerate your agency’s growth
Freelancers
Build custom sites for clients
Global alliances
Unlock enterprise-level partnership
Startups
Move faster with Webflow
Classrooms
Register to use Webflow for free
Compare
Contentful
Sitecore
Wix
WordPress
Customer story
↗
How Dropbox Sign transformed collaboration with Webflow
67%
Decrease in dev ticketing
Customer stories
Browse Webflow success stories
Resources
Get started
Templates
Website templates for any use case
Made in Webflow
Find and clone inspiring sites
Hire a Certified Partner
Find a freelancer or agency to help with your next project
Developers
Submit an app, explore our APIs, get technical support, and more
Learn
Webflow University
Learn web design and development for free
Blog
Stories, insights, and advice for how you build for the web
Resources
Free ebooks, webinars, whitepapers, and reports
Discover
Customer stories
Explore enterprise and agency success stories
Community
Connect with the worldwide Webflow community
Partner with Webflow
Grow your business by becoming a Webflow partner
Get help
Support
Jump into our product docs or connect with our Support team
Forum
Ask questions and learn alongside other Webflow users
Enterprise
Pricing
Log in
Contact sales
Get started
— it's free
Trusted by teams at
Menu
Terms and agreements
Terms of Service
Product Terms
Beta Terms
Webflow Labs Terms
Data Processing Addendum
Creator Agreement
Privacy Resources
Global Privacy Policy
EU & Swiss Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
CCPA Notice
Subprocessors
Privacy FAQs
Policies
Acceptable Use Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Trademark Usage Policy
Getting started
Overview
Terms
Terms of Service
Product Terms
Beta Terms
Developer Terms of Service
Policies
Global Privacy Policy
EU & Swiss Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Cookie Policy
Trademark Usage Policy
Subprocessors
CCPA Notice
Data Processing Addendum
Agreements
Creator Agreement
FAQ
Privacy FAQs
Archive
Archived Terms of Service
Global Privacy Policy
Effective date: November 15, 2023
Last modified date: November 7, 2023
At Webflow, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter, “
Webflow
,” “
Company
,” “
us
,” or “
we
”), we respect and protect the privacy of visitors to our website, www.webflow.com, and the other websites under the webflow.com domain (collectively, the “
Sites
”), and our customers who use our SaaS product, web design software, tools, and related services (together with the Sites, the “Platform”).
This Global Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect visitors’ and users’ information as part of the Platform. Any discussion of your use of the Platform in this Policy is meant to include your visits and other interactions with the Sites and Platforms, whether or not you are a user of Webflow’s SaaS product. If you are a resident of the European Union, European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, please read in addition to this Policy our
EU & Swiss Privacy Policy
for further information about our data collection practices and your rights.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Policy have the meaning given them in our
Terms of Service
including any relevant agreement, policy, or addendum incorporated therein and any amendments or modifications thereto.
By accessing and using our Platform, you signify your acceptance to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with or you are not comfortable with any aspect of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue access or use of our Platform.
HI THERE
Welcome to Webflow's Global Privacy Policy! In these boxes, you'll find our plain-English privacy policy. This part isn’t legally binding — it’s just an aid for understanding the legal language.
If you live in the European Union, European Economic Area, or Switzerland, you’ll also want to check out our
EU & Swiss Privacy Policy
too, as it takes precedence for you.
As is standard, your continued use of Webflow means you agree with this policy.
1. What “Personal Information” means
In this Policy, “
Personal
Information
” means any information relating to an identifiable natural person. Except as described in this Policy, Webflow will not give, sell, rent, or loan any Personal Information to any third party.
Personal Information does not include data or information collected, derived, or otherwise generated from the use of the Platform, provided that such data has been anonymized, de-identified, and/or aggregated so as not to identify or permit the identification of any individual (“
De-identified Data
”), De-identified Data helps us understand trends in usage of the Platform so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Platform. In addition to collecting and using De-identified Data ourselves, we may share De-identified Data with third parties, including our customers, partners and service providers, for various purposes, including to help us better understand our customers’ needs and improve the Platform as well as for advertising and marketing purposes.
BASICALLY...
“Personal Information” is information someone can use to identify you.
2. How we collect, use, and share your Personal Information and other information
a. Information you provide to us
When you register for the Platform, we may ask for Personal Information such as your name, email address, credit card or other billing information. You may also provide at your own discretion certain related information like your personal website name, social media websites, a list of your skills, the date you started using the Platform, and a description of yourself. Additionally, as you utilize the Platform to create websites, the software continuously saves changes made by you with the server and will document items such as when you are working and saving changes, when you last opened the Designer, when sites are published, or when you perform certain tasks.
We may also retain the contents of any messages you send to us or through the Platform, and we may collect information you provide in Website Content that you post or upload to the Platform to the extent required or permitted under applicable law.
Webflow may use Personal Information you provided to operate, improve upon, and personalize the Platform, for billing identification and authentication, to contact you about the Platform and your use of the Platform, to support your use of the Platform (including by contacting you about right sizing your use of the Platform through Enterprise offerings), to send marketing materials (in accordance with applicable law), for research purposes, and to generally improve the content and functionality of the Platform.
We may also combine your Personal Information with third-party analytics — including session replay technologies — to build a broader profile of our Customers so that we can serve you better and provide custom, personalized content and information. Additionally, we may use Personal Information of our Sites visitors, Customers, and their End Users for fraud prevention, to analyze Site usage and Platform improvement, , for internal market research, troubleshooting problems, to enforce our
Terms of Service
, and as otherwise set forth in this Policy.
Note that we will never email you to ask for your account information. If you ever receive such an email, please forward it to
privacy@webflow.com
. For more information about our procedures in this regard, please review our
Terms of Service
.
We use financial information solely as authorized by you. While Webflow does not store your credit card information and will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of all credit card and all other Personal Information, we expressly disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal and/or financial information stored therein, and you agree to hold Webflow harmless for any damages that may result therefrom.
b. Information we may receive from and share with third parties
We may now or in the future receive Personal Information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our Platform through a third-party connection or log-in or connect an application to Webflow, that third party you connected with may pass certain information about your use of its service to Webflow. This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account, an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that third-party service. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Platform.
Webflow may also provide Personal Information to its third-party service providers (such as its credit card processors and hosting partners) as necessary to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and other services we use to operate the Platform. We do not permit our service providers to use Personal Information we provide to them for any purpose other than providing their services to us. We execute the legally required data processing addenda with all of our service providers.
c. Application integration
To facilitate the exchange of data between third-party SaaS applications, we may need to store certain information (“
App Credentials
”) that helps us access these third-party SaaS application accounts on your behalf. We store your App Credentials in an encrypted form.
When we access these third-party applications on your behalf, the third-party application provides us with access to certain data. We will use, store, and disclose this data in accordance with this Policy.
You should note that Webflow shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third-party applications for which you provide us with App Credentials.
d. Log file information
We collect certain technical information from our Customers’ End Users. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses; the date/time a webpage or feature is accessed; the user agent string that identifies the browser or operating system to the server; installed fonts; mime-types; browser language and time zone; Silverlight data; installed plugins; HTTP headers; and screen resolution.
Webflow uses this information to monitor the volume of our customers’ website traffic. We do this, for instance, to facilitate customer billing when a tiered pricing plan is based on the number of unique visitors to a customer’s website. We also use this technical information for our own security and analytical purposes, such as to measure how many customers have published active websites using our Platform. Lastly, we may use this information to create separate analytics products that we offer to Customers — provided that analytics products would only utilize De-Identified Data — to help Customers understand  how their Website Content  is being used, to track conversions, and to provide other measurement metrics.
e. Other information disclosure
We may be required to disclose Personal Information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, and law enforcement or governmental requests or investigations, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share Personal Information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations or our
Terms of Service
, or as otherwise required by law.
We use or may use information collected by cookies, log files, device identifiers, and clear GIFs information to:
(a)
remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Sites or use the Platform
(b)
provide custom, personalized content and information
(c)
to provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Platform
(d)
monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns
(e)
diagnose or fix technology problems
(f)
help you efficiently access your information after you sign in
(g)
to provide advertising to your browser or device, and
(h)
automatically update the Webflow application on your mobile devices.
For more information about cookies, please see Webflow’s
Cookie Policy
.
We may provide Personal Information to any member of the Webflow team, including our Affiliates, provided that any such activities are in accordance with applicable law.
BASICALLY...
We ask for certain information, like your name, email address, and account credentials, to use Webflow. We use this information to run Webflow and other things mentioned in this policy (like logging and analytics). We also continuously save your work to keep it safe.
Webflow won't sell or rent your personal information to a third party.
Sometimes we aggregate user data anonymously to understand our customer base better.
We may connect with third-party services to improve your experience. These features are governed by the respective company's privacy policy, so review your privacy settings there.
We collect some information from you automatically using cookies so we know when things go wrong, or to help us understand what parts of Webflow need some improvement.
Sometimes the law or subpoenas require us to share information. We may also sometimes need to use information to investigate and prevent wrongful actions.
3. Links to other websites
The Platform contains links to websites and applications other than the Platform, including websites and applications operated by affiliates and other third parties. This Policy applies only to information collected by the Platform.
Webflow does not endorse and is not responsible for the practices of third parties or their websites or applications. We do not determine and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites or applications operated by third parties. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
We are not responsible for and we do not control any third parties that you authorize to access your Website Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow such a third-party access to your Website Content, you do so at your own risk.
BASICALLY...
We sometimes link to third-party websites and services. Your use of those sites and services is governed by their respective policies, not ours. So be careful out there, folks.
4. Public forums
Our Platform offers publicly accessible blogs and community forums. If you elect to post something in a public area of our Platform, any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Platform, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings. If you remove information that you posted to the Platform, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Platform, or if other users have copied or saved that information.
To request removal of your Personal Information from our blog or community forum, contact us at
contact@webflow.com
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove all your Personal Information.
BASICALLY...
Our blogs and community forums are accessible to the public, so any information provided in these areas, including your personal information, may be read, collected, and used by the public. If you need personal info removed, you can emails us at
contact@webflow.com
and we’ll remove it, if possible.
5. Customer testimonials / comments / reviews
From time to time, we post Customer testimonials on the Sites which may contain Personal Information. We will always obtain your consent prior to posting any Personal Information included in your testimonial(s).
6. Protection of information
Webflow is committed to ensuring the security of your Personal Information. We use commercially reasonable technological, physical, and administrative security safeguards, such as firewalls and carefully developed security features, to protect the confidentiality and security of your Personal Information on the Platforms. When you enter confidential information (such as login credentials or information submitted from within the Platform) we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). These technologies, procedures, and other measures are used in an effort to ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you authorized to access your data. However, no internet, email, or other electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error-free, so you should take care in deciding what information you send to us in this way. Webflow is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.
BASICALLY...
The security of your information is extremely important to us. We take many steps to ensure your personal information is safe by using commercially reasonable technology and security safeguards. We are not responsible for the security measures of any third party.
7. Hosting and data transfer
As Webflow is based in the United States, we may host, transfer, and process your Personal Information in the United States or countries other than the United States. Webflow uses a variety of safeguards, including contractual and technical measures, to protect the Personal Information and data we transfer. Webflow will ensure that any of our service providers, processors, or third parties will undergo an adequate privacy vet prior to providing them your Personal Information.
If you are located in the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), European Union (“
EU
”), European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) or Switzerland, please see Webflow’s EU & Swiss Privacy Policy. Webflow is certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. Webflow is committed to complying with the
Data Privacy Framework’s Principles
. If you would like to submit a dispute under the Data Privacy Framework you may do so by following the
instructions found here
.
BASICALLY...
We’re based in the United States, but we may host, transfer, or process data in other countries through third parties that manage our service. By using our service, you are agreeing to this use of data in other countries, which may have different privacy laws.  If you’re in the United Kingdom (UK), European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, check out
EU & Swiss Privacy Policy
.
TL;DR: We offer Standard Contractual Clauses for the protection of personal data that customers export to us from the UK or EEA.
8. Choice
We process and store information on behalf of our customers. You may decline to submit any Personal Information through the Platform; in which case we may not be able to provide certain services to you.
If you are a Webflow customer and would like to opt out of marketing communications from Webflow, please go to
https://webflow.com/dashboard/unsubscribe
.
Please refer to your mobile device or browser’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking / recording tools. Note that disabling cookies on your mobile device or browser may prevent us or our business partners from tracking your browser’s activities in relation to the Platform. However, doing so may disable many of the features available through the Platform. You may opt-out individually for third-party vendors on their websites, but limitations on data sharing may make it difficult or impossible to provide the Platform after an opt-out.  You may also opt out of interest-based advertising provided by participating ad servers through the Digital Advertising Alliance (
http://optout.aboutads.info/
), the Network Advertising Initiative (
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
), or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
).
California consumers may use the Digital Advertising Alliance’s tool to send requests under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) for a web browser to opt out of the sale of Personal Information by some or all of that framework’s participating companies by accessing the DAA’s tool here:
https://www.privacyrights.info/
, or by downloading the DAA’s AppChoices mobile application opt-out here:
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
.
The AppChoices app is not limited to opt-outs for CCPA purposes and may be used by anyone to limit the collection of cross-app data for interest-based advertising purposes by participating DAA member companies.
BASICALLY...
You can decline to give us certain personal information, though that may impact some of our services (more on that in our
Cookie Policy
). You can also
opt out of receiving marketing information
from Webflow.
9. Correcting and updating your information
Customers may update, delete, or change your Personal Information you have provided Webflow by
logging in to the Platform
and providing such additional information or deleting such information where applicable. If you are not a Customer and would like to gain access to, or request deletion of, information we have collected, please contact us at
contact@webflow.com
. We will provide a response in accordance with applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, Webflow has no direct relationship with your End Users Any such End Users seeking access to, or who would like to correct, amend, or delete data which may be stored on the Platform should direct their request to you, the Customer. If Webflow receives a request from your End User we will inform you in a commercially reasonable amount of time.
BASICALLY...
You can always access and manage your personal information through your Webflow account, or by emailing us at
contact@webflow.com
.
10. Data retention
Webflow will retain Personal Information we process on your behalf for as long as necessary to provide the Platform to you, subject to our compliance with this Policy, or as required or permitted under applicable law. We may further retain and processPersonal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations; maintain accurate accounting, financial, and other operational records; resolve disputes; and enforce our agreements. We have established internal policies for the deletion of Personal Information following the termination of your Account.
BASICALLY...
We keep your personal information until we no longer need it to provide you with the service. We may also keep your personal information if required by law or to keep our internal records accurate. Once you terminate your account, we’ll delete your personal information, unless we're required by law to retain it.
11. Children's Personal Information
Webflow does not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the digital age of consent (13 in the United States, 16 in the EU).
If you are under the age of 13 (or the applicable digital age of consent), please do not submit any Personal Information through our Platform.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce our Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information on our Platform. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 (or the applicable digital age of consent) has provided Personal Information to Webflow through our Platform, please contact us, and we will delete that Personal Information from our databases without delay.
BASICALLY...
You must be at least 13 years old to use Webflow.
12. Your California privacy rights
This section applies only to California residents. Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), below is a summary of the Personal Information categories, as identified and defined by the CCPA (see California Civil Code section 1798.140 (o)), that we collect, the reason we collect your Personal Information, where we obtain the Personal Information, and the third parties with whom we may share your Personal Information.
We generally collect the following categories of Personal Information about you when you use our Site or services:
identifiers such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number, your device’s IP address, software, and identification numbers associated with your devices;
protected classifications, such as gender;
commercial information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered by you;
Internet or other electronic information regarding your browsing history, the webpage visited before you came to our Sites, length of visit and number of page views, click-stream data, locale preferences, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, and system configuration information;
audio recordings of your voice to the extent you call us, as permitted under applicable law;
professional or employment-related information.
We generally do not collect education-related or biometric information, geolocation information, or inferences about your preferences, characteristics, behavior and attitudes. For more information about the Personal Information we collect and how we collect it, please refer to Sections 1 and 2, above.
We collect your Personal Information for the business purposes described in Section 2, above. The CCPA defines a “business purpose” as the use of Personal Information for the business’s operational purposes, or other notified purposes, provided the use of Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the Personal Information was collected or another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the Personal Information was collected.
The categories of third parties with whom we may share your Personal Information are listed in Section 2, above.
BASICALLY...
If you're a resident of California, you can ask us to send you a list of the types of personal information we share with our affiliates and third parties for marketing purposes.
13. U.S. State Privacy Rights
Residents of certain U.S. states, including but not limited to California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah, may have additional rights in relation to their Personal Information. However, these rights may be subject to certain exceptions. For instance, we may be unable to disclose specific pieces of Personal Information if the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of Personal Information, your Account with us, or the security of our network systems. Your rights may include:
Right Against Discrimination - You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right to know, delete or opt-out of sales.
Right to Know - You have the right to request in writing: (i) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, email address, that a business has disclosed to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and (ii) the names and addresses of all such third parties. In addition, you have the right to request: (i) the categories of personal information we have collected about you, (ii) the categories of sources from which personal information is collected, (iii) the business or commercial purpose for the information collection, (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal information, and (v) the specific pieces of personal information we hold about an individual. You have the right to request a copy of the specific Personal Information we collected about you during the 12 months before your request.
Right to Delete - You have the right to request us to delete any Personal Information we have collected from you or maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions.
To assert your right to know or your right to delete your Personal Information, please contact us according to the “Contact Us” section below. To verify your identity, we may ask you to verify Personal Information we already have on file for you. If we cannot verify your identity from the information we have on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.
Right to Opt-Out of Selling. As described in this Privacy Policy, in certain situations we may share your Personal Information with certain third parties for our marketing or other purposes. To the extent such sharing is considered a “sale” under the CCPA, as a California resident you have the right to opt-out of such sharing. If you would like us to no longer share your Personal Information in this way, you can opt-out by visiting the following web page:
Do Not Sell My Info
. If you opt-out, we may be unable to offer you some of our Platforms which require sharing of Personal Information.
California consumers may also use the Digital Advertising Alliance’s tool to send requests under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) for a web browser to opt out of the sale of personal information by some or all of that framework’s participating companies by accessing the DAA’s tool here:
https://www.privacyrights.info/
, or by downloading the DAA’s AppChoices mobile application opt-out here:
https://www.privacyrights.info/appchoices
.
The AppChoices app is not limited to opt-outs for CCPA purposes and may be used by anyone to limit the collection of cross-app data for interest-based advertising purposes by participating DAA member companies.
In addition, under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83–1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties.
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to:
privacy@webflow.com
or Webflow Inc., 398 11th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.
BASICALLY...
If you're a resident of certain U.S. states you may have additional privacy rights.
14. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify, update, or change this Policy from time to time in the usual course of business, so we encourage you to review this page periodically. Notwithstanding, when we change this Policy in a material manner, we will update the effective date at the top of this page and provide you with reasonable advance notice before the updates to this Policy become effective. Webflow may provide such notifications to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, and/or through posting of such notice on the Platform. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you. You may be required to click-to-accept or otherwise agree to the updated Policy, but in any event your continued use or access of the Platform after the effective date of the updated Policy shall constitute your agreement to the updated Policy. The Policy will be effective as of the date specified in the effective date at the top of this page, and will apply to your use of the Platform from that point forward. If we update this Policy in a non-material manner after the effective date, we will update the last modified date at the top of this page. If you choose not to agree to this Policy or any future updated Policy, you may not use or access (and must discontinue any use or access to) the Platform. Webflow is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or your network provider may apply to email notifications we send to the email address you provide us.
BASICALLY...
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. If we make any major changes, we’ll let you know by email or by a prominent notice on our site(s). As mentioned above, your continued use of the Platform means you agree to be bound by this privacy policy, so be sure to check it occasionally.
If we realize we forgot a punctuation mark somewhere or we need to make an immaterial change to some wording, we will update the Last Modified Date, so you can see the last time we touched the terms in any way. E.g. we will update the Last Modified date but will spare your inbox if our lawyers decide that they now prefer the word "regardless" over "notwithstanding."
15. Business transactions
Webflow may assign or transfer this Policy, and your user account and related Personal Information, to any person or entity that acquires all or substantially all of the business, stock or assets of, or is merged with Webflow. We may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, or similar transactions or proceedings, provided that the recipient of such information will continue to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
16. Contact us
If you have questions regarding this Policy or about the privacy practices of Webflow, please contact us by email at
privacy@webflow.com
, or at:
Webflow, Inc.
398 11th Street, 2nd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94103
Table of contents
1. What “Personal Information” means
2. How we collect, use, and share your Personal Information and other information
3. Links to other websites
4. Public forums
5. Customer testimonials / comments / reviews
6. Protection of information
7. Hosting and data transfer
8. Choice
9. Correcting and updating your information
10. Data retention
11. Children's Personal Information
12. Your California privacy rights
13. U.S. State Privacy Rights
14. Changes to the Privacy Policy
15. Business transactions
16. Contact us
We use cookies (and other similar technologies) to improve your experience on our site. By using this website you agree to our
Cookie Policy
.
You can change your preferences at any time.
✕