(c) MediaIosApps
We don’t collect personal Information from children with our mobile applications
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect any information about you or your device, except for non-personal information about the duration the App is used and how the App is used, such as the screens viewed and actions taken within our mobile applications.
When you request support, you may send us email
We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request (“Support Information”). We use Support Information only.
​
Information sharing and disclosure
We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
(i) We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you.
(ii) We may share your email address and/or Support Information: (a) to protect the security or integrity of our website and Apps, (b) to take precautions against liability; (c) to respond to judicial process, or (d) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; and where such information is not used for any other purpose, all in compliance with Section 312.5(c)(6) of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Links to third party sites
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party web sites or services from our website (we don’t allow links within our mobile applications). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If we make changes in the way we use your email address, we will notify you in advance of posting by email. Such modifications will become effective on the date set forth in the email.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at mediaiosapps
@gmail.com