Privacy Policy for Sweet Dreams
Summary
Your login information and sugar readings are never shared with any third party service beyond Sweet Dreams. They are used solely to log you into Dexcom/Libre and provide functionality in the app.
We will never share this private data with anyone. We have no interest in doing so, as we treat your data how we would like ours to be treated. The app is funded by optional paid user subscriptions. As such, you are never the product, and your data will always remain private.
This privacy policy governs the use of the Sweet Dreams mobile application (the "App"). The App is designed to track blood sugar levels of diabetes patients by connecting to the Dexcom or Libre API.
Collection of Personal Information
The App requires users to authenticate with the Dexcom/Libre API to access their blood sugar level data. Your Dexcom/Libre login information is stored solely for that purpose and is never shared with any external service or for any other use.
The App does not collect any personal information from its users other than the data provided by the API and user, which are used to provide sugar readings in a convenient way.
Your sugar readings are not stored by Sweet Dreams. An API call to Dexcom/Libre servers is made when you're likely to have a new reading, or when you launch/refresh the app. Those readings are processed and sent to your device. Your readings are not stored on our servers.
Use of Personal Information
The personal information collected by the App is used solely to provide users with the ability to track their blood sugar levels. No personal information is stored or shared with any third party service.
Analytics
The App uses minimal usage analytics to monitor which features are most popular.
Private user information such as login details and sugar readings are never sent to any analytics or third party service.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us through the support button in the app.
Effective Date: 19th July 2023.
Last updated to include Libre, and to update the section on storing your readings (we no longer store your last reading).