Privacy Policy
June 2, 2021
2023-02-13 9:47
You have legitimate concerns about privacy and therefore we expressly describe all processing of personal data done by us. We want you to understand what limited information we collect and what may happen to that information when you use any of the VBN Services.
This document (hereinafter – the “Privacy Policy”) explains the privacy rules applicable to all information collected or submitted when you access, install, or use the VBN Services.
Our top priority is customer data security. Operating under the jurisdiction of Panama allows us to guarantee our no-logs policy. We process only minimal user data – only as much as it is absolutely necessary to maintain our services.
By visiting the VBN website, by submitting your personal data to VBN, also by accessing, installing, and/or using the VBN Services you confirm that you have read this Privacy Policy and that you enter into a legally binding relationship with VBN (hereinafter – „VBN“, „we“ or “us”), as well as you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with the rules of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the VBN Services.
Processing of your data
VBN processes user data only to a very limited scope – only as much as it is absolutely required for the provision of the VBN Services, processing of payments for the VBN Services, as well as the functioning of the VBN website and mobile applications.
Personal data is processed by VBN automatically and manually. Unless expressly noted otherwise, VBN or a designated subsidiary in your country shall act as the responsible personal data controller for any data processed. VBN uses third-party data processors only for the processing of payment data, emailing service, and basic website and app analytics.
VBN guarantees a strict no-logs policy for VBN services, meaning that your activities using VBN Services are provided by automated technical process, and are not monitored, recorded, logged, stored, or passed to any third party. We do not store connection time stamps, session information, used bandwidth, traffic logs, IP addresses, or other data. From the moment a Squirrel-VPN.com user turns on the Squirrel-VPN.com software, their Internet data becomes encrypted. Any online traffic coming from the user’s device is no longer visible to ISP, third-party snoopers, or cybercriminals. Further, VBN has a strict no-logs policy when it comes to seeing user activity online: VBN is based in Panama, which does not require data storage
In order to maintain the VPN service, the VBN also processes limited technical information, which sometimes may be considered personal data. This information is used for improving the functionality and usability of our website and VBN Services. If you decide not to provide this limited information, we may not be able to provide you with the full scope of the VBN Services. Said information may also include:
Server load information. We monitor the server performance in order to recommend the most suitable servers to our customers.
Customer service information. Squirrel-VPN.com stores inquiries and communications with users through the Contact Us and Community Area pages.
Cookies. Squirrel-VPN.com uses a few types of different cookies to improve the user experience on the website, such as:
Alternatively, you can disable all cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add-on. Please note that choosing to disable cookies may negatively affect some of the features that make your site experience more efficient
Personal data of underage persons
Persons younger than 18 shall not use the VBN Services and provide any personal data to us without the supervision of their parents or guardians. Based on the above, it is presumed that any person using the VBN Services and supplying personal data to us is at least 18 years of age. If a person younger than 18 years old or a person, supplying wrongful data, become known to VBN, such person and all their data may be immediately and without any notice withdrawn by suspending their access to VBN Services.
Grounds for data processing
Your personal data is processed for the purpose of providing you with the best VBN services under the legal basis of the performance of the contract between you and VBN.
VBN may process your personal data (email address) for direct marketing purposes in the following cases: when we obtain your consent to such processing (the legal basis for processing, in this case, is your consent) or when applicable law permits us to contact you without a separate consent (under the legal basis of a legitimate interest).
Your personal data protection rights
You may request us to inform you about the personal data that we have collected about you, to request any changes or correction of inaccurate information, to object to certain processing of personal data (e.g. for marketing purposes), to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to transmit (if technically feasible) your personal data to another controller, or to erase your personal data. You also may request to restrict the processing of your personal data (when there is a legal basis for that). In cases where your personal data is processed on a separate consent basis, you have the right at any time to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data.
If you disagree with your data processing by VBN, you are free not to use the VBN Service, and to discontinue using it at any time. You may request us to discontinue processing of your personal data, in which case your data will be processed only as much as it is necessary to effect the discontinuation of your use of the VBN Services (e.g., final settlement, or deleting all personal data based on your email address), or finalizing other VBN’s legal relationship with you (e.g. accounting, invoicing, processing refunds).
Due to technical reasons (such as backup copies of the databases), your personal data may be finally deleted only within 60 days or longer, if it is mandated by the statutory requirements.
If you wish to use the VBN Services again, you will have to accept and agree to this Privacy Policy anew.
Term for storing personal data
VBN stores limited personal data for the whole period when the VBN Services are used and for no longer than 2 years after the last use of the App and/or the Services.
Other Terms
Your data is processed under the jurisdiction of the Republic of Panama. If the data is processed by a designated subsidiary in your country, then the domestic law of your country may be applicable at our discretion.
VBN would like to remind you that you are responsible for the security of your data. We ask you to be careful when using and storing personal data containing files on your devices, as well as the devices themselves. Please ensure that nobody accesses and uses your devices without your consent.
You shall be extra careful and not disclose your personal information to unrelated third parties, since such information may be used in different ways and against your interests, including activities such as fraud, invasion of privacy, identity theft, etc.
In order to ensure the security of personal data, VBN employs various administrative, technical, and physical security measures, however, it is your responsibility to exercise caution and reason when using the VBN Services. You will be personally responsible if such action violates any third party’s privacy or any other rights, or any applicable law. Under no circumstances, VBN is liable for the consequences of your unlawful activities, your willful and negligent activities violating applicable laws or third-party rights, as well as any circumstances, which may not have been reasonably controlled or foreseen.
This Privacy Policy may be modified and updated at any time, at our sole discretion, for any or no reason, and without liability, as indicated below. The date of the most current wording of the Privacy Policy is indicated at the top of the text. We ask all users to ensure that they are familiar with the most current wording of the Privacy Policy. The amendment of the Privacy Policy may be communicated to you by sending an email and/or by publishing the updated Privacy Policy on the VBN website. Please consider reviewing the Privacy Policy each time you use the VBN Services. Updates of the Privacy Policy come into force the moment when they are published.
You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under this Privacy Policy to any third party.