Your privacy is important to FunHub. We are committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the FunHub website and governs data collection and usage. By using the FunHub website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
FunHub collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, address or telephone number. We also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your location, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by FunHub. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, device type and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the FunHub website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: FunHub does not read any of your private online communications.
FunHub encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from ours so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the FunHub family of websites.
HOW WILL WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
FunHub collects and uses your personal information to operate their website, send email newsletters and deliver the services you have requested. We may use the data collected to develop new services or improve existing services. FunHub also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of special offers, new services and products or services available from FunHub and its affiliates which may be of interest to you. We may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about contracts, payments and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with FunHub, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.
FunHub does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
In addition, we may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to FunHub, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
FunHub does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
FunHub keeps track of the website and pages our customers visit, in order to determine what services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customised content and advertising to customers whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the FunHub website. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages.
FunHub websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on FunHub or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of FunHub; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of FunHub, or the public.
HOW TO ACCESS YOUR INFORMATION
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of specific or all of your personal information, please email us at
customerservice@clearhill.com
or write to us at: FunHub, Scarva Road Industrial Estate, Scarva Road, Banbridge, Northern Ireland, BT32 3QD.
We always aim to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you believe to be inaccurate. Please note, you may be asked to verify your identity before any information is updated or removed.
COOKIES
The FunHub websites use cookies to help you personalise your online experience. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. They help us to better understand user behaviour, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the FunHub website you visit.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
FunHub secures your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. We secure the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT
FunHub will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we’re protecting your information.
HOW TO CONTACT US
We welcome your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that FunHub has not adhered to this Statement, or if you have any questions about our Statement or information we hold about you please:
Email
customerservice@clearhill.com
Or write to us at: Clearhill, Scarva Road Industrial Estate, Scarva Road, Banbridge, Northern Ireland, BT32 3QD