Musi Pro - Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Musi Pro maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of Musi Pro). This privacy policy applies to the Apps and all products and services offered by Musi Pro.
By using the Apps or accessing the website you accept this policy. If you do not agree with it, please do not use our apps or website.
This policy is an integral part of the Terms of Service (
https://cekainternational.com/musipro/terms.html
)
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our apps, register on the apps, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our apps. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, email address. Users may, however, visit our apps anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, however it may prevent them from engaging in certain apps related activities.
We may automatically collect:
Location Information that allows us to periodically determine your location, including your location relative to and within third party merchant locations.
Device and Usage Information that may include (i) information specific to your mobile device (e.g., make, model, operating system, device identifier and similar information); (ii) information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the device; and (iii) signal strength relating to WiFi or Bluetooth functionality, temperature, battery level, and similar technical data.
Identifiers that you use to log in to or use our service, such as your user name or Facebook ID, and the public data associated with it.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our apps. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, location, the type of device and OS version, and other technical information about Users, means of connection to our apps, as well as the way they use the App in the different menus and functions used. We also collect information, such as anonymous usage statistics, by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technology as you use Musi Pro
Cookies
Musi Pro IP address and referring website address, browser type, domain name and website/App access frequency. This information is intended to help facilitate your experience. In order to so Musi Pro, if you allow their use, store small amounts of data on your device when you visit a website/use an app.
Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. Musi Pro cookies (disappear after you close your browser) and persistent cookies (used by your browser on subsequent visits).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your settings (e.g. navigating in anonymous mode or changing your IDFA settings). Musi Pro usage patterns and to control the display of ads, as well as to offer other functionalities.
Third parties that advertise goods or services in our App or website may also use cookies to track your use of the Service. We advise you to check the privacy policies of these Advertisers for information about their cookie usage and other privacy practices. Advertisers may also use cookies to track your online activities across websites over time to provide interest-based advertising.
Musi Pro If you do not want Google Analytics to collect and use information about your use of the Service, then you can install an opt-out in your web browser (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).
How we use collected information
Musi Pro Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
Provide user and other support, including to our third-party business partners.
Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
The app can share collected location and bluetooth data for Interest-Based Advertising: Allowing Advertisers to infer interests and serve ads to users based on their app activity and location data over time
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our apps.
To prevent the collection of Location Information on iOS mobile devices, disable the location services feature on the settings of your device.
To prevent the collection of Location Information on Android devices disable Bluetooth and Location.
On iOS devices you can opt-out from any interest-based advertising. Go on Settings. Privacy, Advertising and then click on "Limit Ad-tracking". When you have opted out using this setting on a device, advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests
Sharing your personal information
We may share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of the information. Our third-party business partners may use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to:
Operate and improve their services;
Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services or send you other notifications based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of engagement with them;
Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
Changes to this privacy policy
Musi Pro update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using our apps, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our apps. Your continued use of the Apps following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Your rights
Pursuant to data protection laws, you have the right to access, modify, rectify and delete any of your individual data we might possess. To do so, please write to
contact@cekainternational.com
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Musi Pro
contact@cekainternational.com