You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Home
Shop Trackers
Wired Vehicle Trackers
Wireless Vehicle Trackers
Asset Tracking
Tracker Catalogue
Wired Vehicle Trackers
Wireless Vehicle Trackers
Tracker Catalogue
Our App
Plans
For Business
For Business
Support
Login
Register
Privacy Policy
Your personal data
Here at SafeTag we are dedicated to protecting the privacy of our customers. In accordance with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we use the data collected about our customers lawfully and to provide the best quality service possible. Upon logging in to www.safetagtracking.com, or our mobile app, several tokens will be created to represent your login information to speed up and ease the login process, while protecting your login credentials. These tokens are stored and protected on your device. SafeTag stores your username/email and password for login purposes, which is protected and encrypted by AWS. https://aws.amazon.com/privacy.  SafeTag also stores your username, and localisation data, like your country, time zone and language for communication purposes. We do not store bank/credit card details, and all payment details are encrypted and processed using Stripe, available here: https://stripe.com/gb/privacy. The following payment information is handled and stored by Stripe and accessible by SafeTag; username, amounts paid, date of payment, date of registration, associated tracker data like tracker IMEI and tracker type, and payment method information EXCLUDING full 16-digit card number and CVV/CVC.  We may use it for research, analysis, accounting, legal, testing, monitoring, business operations and to assist with any of your customer queries.
Data Sharing
We do not sell your personal data. We may share your personal data with other organisations in the following circumstances:
1. If the law or a public authority says we must share the personal data.
2. If the sharing of data is completely necessary to prevent or reduce harm to the life of another person.
3. If we need to share personal data in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (this includes providing personal data to others for the purposes of preventing fraud, reducing credit risk).
Geo-location Data
Geo-location data collected by SafeTag branded GPS tracking equipment is saved for the last twelve months and is accessible in-app or via the website. This data is secured within MongoDB Atlas database infrastructure, and your personal 12-month location history is only accessible from your account. However, the use of non-personal aggregated data may be shared with other parties for the purpose of analysis and to improve our service. We will not use or share this data for any other purpose. Data from both your smartphone(app) and computer(website) is used to determine your geographic location for the sole purpose of displaying this information to you via each of these channels. You will have to authorise this in-app and on our website. Also, we may use it for statistics analysis and share that non-personal aggregated data with other parties. We will not use or share this data for any other purpose. If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should switch off location permissions for the SafeTag Mobile Application or Website in your phone or web browser settings.
Right to Access Your Personal Information
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you in many circumstances, by making a request. This is sometimes termed ‘Subject Access Request’. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we will provide it to you or them free of charge and aim to do so within 1 month from when your identity has been confirmed.
We would ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us that we can locate your personal information.
If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us.
E-mail marketing practices
You may opt-out from any email marketing by using the unsubscribe links at the bottom of the marketing emails or in your account preferences.
Contacting Us
When you contact us via contact form or e-mail, your personal data is collected. The data collected is shown as listed in the respective contact form. This data is stored and used exclusively for the purpose of responding to your request or for establishing contact and for applying technical assistance.
Download the SafeTag App for iOS or Android.
Shop
Shop Wired
Shop Wireless
Amazon
Ebay
Help
Help Center
Privacy
Terms
Contact Us
Contact Us
Contact Sales
Connect with Us
About Us
Referral Scheme
© 2025 DownRiver Limited, DownRiver LLC, All Rights Reserved.
2nd Floor, Grabex Business Centre, Murray Rd, Orpington, BR5 3QY
•
30 N Gould St Ste N  Sheridan, WY, 82801
2nd Floor, Grabex Business Centre, Murray Rd, Orpington, BR5 3QY • 30 N Gould St Ste N  Sheridan, WY, 82801
£ GBP
€ EUR
$ USD
C$ CAD
€ EUR
English
Française
Deutsche
Espanol
Italian
English