Hypic Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 7, 2023
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that
Hypic
processes in connection with
Hypic
applications, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller:
Bytedance Pte. Ltd.
with address at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10, South Tower, Singapore 048583.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways: Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information. We collect information that you provide to us, such as your date of birth when you set up an account.
User Content. We collect the content you create through the Platform, such as photographs, images, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). We also collect content (such as text, images) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions. We collect information you provide if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us. When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform, or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Services
(“
Terms
”) or other policies.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information. We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your IP address, device model, operating system, network type and connections, device identifiers, device manufacturer, application version number, device resolution, system language and region, and battery information. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, and performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a user ID and device ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your user ID and device ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information. We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g., country, state, or city) based on your Technical Information (such as SIM card region and IP address).
Usage Information. We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about the content you view, how you choose to edit images, problems encountered, the duration and frequency of your use, and the settings you apply.
Image Information. We may collect information about the images that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear and the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes. We may collect this information, for example, to enable image editing and effects features. Any images we collect to provide these features will be deleted promptly after we provide the features.
Cookies. “Cookies” are small files which, when placed on your device, enable us to collect certain information from you to provide certain features and functionality. Depending on the jurisdiction from which you access the Platform, we and our service providers and business partners may use Cookies to collect data and recognize you and your device(s) on the Platform and elsewhere across your different devices. We do this to measure the traffic and functionality of our website and we will obtain your consent to our use of Cookies where required by law. You have the option to change your device's Cookie
settings at any time, usually through your browser's "options" or "preferences" menu. However, please note that if you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you. Without this information, we are not able to provide you with all the requested services.
Information From Other Sources
Log-in, Sign-up, or Linked Services. Where available, if you choose to sign-up or log-in to the Platform using a third-party service such as Apple, Facebook, or TikTok, or link your account to a third-party service, we may collect information from the service. This information could include, for example, your public profile information such as username, email, and profile picture.
Others. We may receive information about you from others, for example, where you are included or mentioned in User Content, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, edit, and share content to other platforms.
Enforce our
Terms of Service
and other policies that apply to you. We review User Content and other information to keep the Platform safe, stable and secure.
Communicate with you, including notifying you about changes to the Platform.
Provide you with user support, including responding to, handling, and processing queries, requests, complaints, and feedback from you.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices and analyzing how people are using it
To train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
To facilitate the provision of third party features or services that are integrated with the Platform, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your Hypic
account with a third party service, including other services in our corporate group (e.g., CapCut).
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
How We Share Your Information
This section sets out how we may share your information with service providers and other partners, which may be located outside of your country.
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as cloud hosting, content delivery, and customer and technical support. We may share Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Third Party Platforms and Partners
We may share limited information which may include Information You Provide, Technical Information, and Usage Information with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, and/or enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook, TikTok, or Apple), we will share certain Technical Information to facilitate this.
share User Content you create on the Platform to other social media platforms, we will share your User Content and related information.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities may process Information You Provide, Automatically Collected Information, and Information From Other Sources for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, customer and technical support, and content moderation. We may also share your information with any member of our corporate group (e.g., CapCut) to improve the Platform, allow you to access other services provided by members of our corporate group, or for internal business purposes.
Others
We may share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Corporate Transactions
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "What Information We Collect" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, governmental guidelines, or other legal and regulatory obligations, or to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries, as consistent with internationally recognised standards, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our
Terms of Service
, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
With Your Consent
We may share your information for other purposes with your consent or at your direction. For example, we partner with third-party services (such as Facebook, TikTok, Apple) in some jurisdictions to offer you a seamless sign-up and log-in experience. We may share information about you with these third-party services if you choose to use these features, as described above.
Third-Party Content
The Platform may contain links to policies, functionality, or content maintained by third parties who we do not control. We are not responsible for, and make no representations regarding, such policies, functionality, or content or any other practices or operations of such third parties. If there are links directing to third party websites, please note that these websites are governed by their own Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
Your Rights and Choices
If you have registered for an account, you may also access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities. If you choose to log-in, sign-up, or link to a third-party service, such as Apple, Facebook, or TikTok, you may be able to manage the type of data shared with Hypic through that service’s settings.
As discussed further in the Supplemental Terms - Jurisdiction Specific, you may also be afforded rights in your country under applicable laws, such as the ability to access your information, delete your information, be informed of the use of your data, revoke your consent, file a complaint before the relevant authority, and potentially others. If you have any questions on how to use your settings or want to know about any rights with regard to your personal information you may have in the country where you live, please contact us at
hypic.support@bytedance.com
and we will respond consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. Please note that your exercise of certain rights may impact your ability to use some or all of Hypic’s features and functionalities.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We may also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defense of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your profile and User Content. If you violate our Terms, we may keep your information as is necessary to process the violation and as long as permitted by applicable law.
International Data Transfers
The personal information we collect from you may be stored on a server located outside of the country where you live. We store the information we collect in secure servers located in the United States and Singapore. Where we transfer any personal information out of the country where you live, including for one or more of the purposes as set out in this Policy, we will do so in accordance with the requirements of applicable data protection laws.
Information Relating to Minors
Hypic is not directed at children under the age of 13. The minimum age to use the Platform may differ depending on the country or region that you are in. If you believe that we have collected personal information from a minor under the minimum age, please contact us at
hypic.support@bytedance.com
.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you of any material changes by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of the new Privacy Policy, posting the new Privacy Policy, or providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy from time to time to stay informed of our privacy practices.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to:
Hypic, Bytedance Pte. Ltd.
Email:
hypic.support@bytedance.com
Address: 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10, South Tower, Singapore 048583
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS – JURISDICTION SPECIFIC
In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the Platform, and the rest of the Policy, the relevant jurisdiction’s Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction Specific will supersede and control.
Australia
Certain entities in our corporate group, located outside of Australia, are given limited remote access to your information so that they can provide certain functions, as described in the section on "How we share your information."
Brazil
If you are using the Platform In Brazil, the following additional terms apply:
Exercise of data protection rights.
Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
access to your data;
correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
portability of personal data to a third party;
object to the processing of personal data;
information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
withdrawal of your consent.
request an analysis of decisions taken exclusively based on the automated processing of personal data that affect your interests, including decisions taken to define your personal, professional, consumer or credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
Verifying your identity.
For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights.
In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights or how to exercise them, please contact us using the information in the "Contact Us" section. If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them.
International Transfer of Data.
We share your personal data globally with companies of our business group to carry out the activities specified in this Policy. We may also subcontract the processing of data involved in the Platform or share your personal data with third parties located in other countries. Your personal data may therefore be subject to privacy laws other than those applicable in your country. Whenever we transfer your personal data to third parties located in other countries, we will ensure that these companies comply with applicable data protection laws and we will take all measures that are reasonably necessary to ensure the existence of adequate safeguards to protect your personal data and to ensure that it is processed safely.
Language.
The Policy may have been prepared in the English language and in the Portuguese language. If you are a user located in Brazil, you shall refer to the Portuguese version, which shall prevail.
DPO.
If you wish to contact the Data Protection Officer, please contact us: dpobrasil@bytedance.com
Canada
If you are using the Platform in Canada, the following additional terms apply.
Your Rights.
Subject to limited exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to access, update, rectify and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control and to withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. To exercise these rights, you may contact us using the contact information set out below. We may require certain personal information for the purpose of verifying the identity of the individual making the request.
Your Choices.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each email we send.
Transfer Outside Your Jurisdiction.
We and our service providers (including members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group) may access, store and otherwise process personal information outside of Canada (and, for residents of Quebec, outside of Quebec), including in the United States and Singapore, and other foreign jurisdictions where we or our service providers are located. For information about the manner in which we or our service providers (including service providers outside Canada) process personal data, please contact us using the contact information set out below.
Contact.
If you are a resident of Canada, you can contact our Privacy Office using the contact information provided in the “Contact Us” section.
European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, and UK
If you are using the Platform in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK (the “European Region”), the following additional terms apply:
Legal bases for processing
We use your personal data only as permitted by law. Our legal bases for processing your personal data described in this Policy are described in the table below.
Personal information categories and processing purpose
Legal basis
We use the the <Information You Provide>, <Automatically Collected Information>, and <Information From Other Sources>, for example:
- Account Information;
- Log-in, Sign-up, or Linked Services
- User Content and Usage Information;
- Location Information; and
- Technical Information
to provide and administer the Platform such as enabling you to create, edit and share content.
Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our provision of the Platform or to take steps that you request prior to signing up for an account to use the Platform.
We use the <Information You Provide>, <Automatically Collected Information>, and <Information From Other Sources>, for example:
- Account Information;
- Log-in, Sign-up, or Linked Services
- User Content and Usage Information;
- Location Information;
- Surveys, Research and Promotions;
- When You Contact Us; and
- Technical Information
to review, improve and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices and analyzing how you are using the Platform, and to train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to improve and develop the Platform.
The categories of information that we use will depend on the specific circumstances of each request or obligation. Depending on the circumstances, we use the <Information You Provide>, <Automatically Collected Information>, and <Information From Other Sources>, for example:
- Account Information
- Log-in, Sign-up, or Linked Services
- User Content and Usage Information;
- Location Information;
- When You Contact Us; and
- Technical Information
to comply with any legal obligation, including where necessary to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority.
This processing is necessary in order to comply with our legal obligations under European Union or Member State law. This includes situations where we have obligations to take measures to ensure the safety of our users or comply with a valid legal request such as an order from law enforcement agencies or courts. Similarly, processing may be necessary to respond to regulatory requests requiring the processing of information under Chapters IV and VI of the GDPR.
In other circumstances, the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely, to disclose and share information with regulators or other government entities.
We use the <Information You Provide>, <Automatically Collected Information>, and <Information From Other Sources>, for example:
- Account Information;
- Log-in, Sign-up, or Linked Services
- When You Contact us; and
- Technical Information
to communicate with you, including to notify you about changes to the Platform, and provide you with user support, including responding to, handling, and processing queries, requests, applications, complaints, and feedback from you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
We use the <Information You Provide>, <Automatically Collected Information>, and <Information From Other Sources>, for example:
- Account Information;
- User Content and Usage Information;
- Location Information; and
- Technical Information
to send you marketing communications in accordance with your preferences. We may also send you promotions or contests.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to promote the Platform or third party services. We will obtain your consent to send you marketing communications where required by law.
We use the <Information You Provide>, <Automatically Collected Information>, and <Information From Other Sources>, for example:
- Account Information
- Log-in, Sign-up, or Linked Services
- User Content and Usage Information;
- Location Information;
- Other Sources; and
- Technical Information
to enforce our Terms of Service, guidelines and policies, including to ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
We use the <Information You Provide>, <Automatically Collected Information>, and <Information From Other Sources>, for example:
- Account Information;
- User Content and Usage Information;
- Location Information; and
- Technical Information
to promote the safety, security, and stability of the Platform, such as by identifying and addressing technical or security issues such as technical bugs and spam accounts and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform including by scanning and reviewing User Content and other information.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely,
- to ensure that the Platform is safe and secure, to ensure compliance with our
Terms of Service
, guidelines and other policies, and to identify misuse of the Platform; and
- to ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
We share the <Information You Provide>, <Automatically Collected Information>, and <Information From Other Sources> with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with the Platform. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, and/or enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. For example, if you:
- sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook, TikTok, or Apple), we will share certain Technical Information to facilitate this.
- share User Content you create on the Platform to other social media platforms, we will share your User Content and related information.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to provide you with a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, and optimise user experience.
In some cases, we may aggregate or anonymise the <Information You Provide>, <Automatically Collected Information>, and <Information From Other Sources> and use it in a way that is designed to be unable to identify you, for research or other purposes, to the extent allowed by applicable law.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to conduct research and protect personal information through aggregation or anonymisation, consistent with data minimisation and privacy by design principles.
We may use the <Information You Provide>, <Automatically Collected Information>, and <Information From Other Sources> where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. The specific types of information we use will depend on the specific situation.
The processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other individuals.
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use <Information You Provide> and <Automatically Collected Information>, although it depends on the specific situation.
We process your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest.
International data transfers
If you normally reside in the European Region, the personal data that we collect about you may be further transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the European Region (for instance, to our service providers and partners). For example, we may store the information that we collect in secure servers located in the United States and Singapore.
When we transfer your information outside of the European Region, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information to some countries with adequacy decisions; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer your information to certain entities in our corporate group and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards, please contact us at:
hypic.support@bytedance.com
.
Your rights
You have the following rights:
The right to request free of charge (i) confirmation of whether we process your personal data and (ii) access to a copy of the personal data retained;
The right to request proper rectification or erasure of your personal data;
Where processing of your personal data is either based on your consent or necessary for the performance of a contract with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your personal data transmitted directly to another company, where technically feasible (data portability);
Where the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your consent at any time (withdrawal will not impact the lawfulness of data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal);
The right not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions, including profiling, which produces legal effects on you or similarly significantly affects you unless we have your consent, this is authorised by Union or Member State law or this is necessary for the performance of a contract;
The right to object to processing if we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which may override your right. If you object to such processing, we ask you to state the grounds of your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing;
The right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
The right to object to processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; and
The right to lodge complaints before your local data protection authority.
Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.
Please send an email to us if you would like to exercise any of your rights (see the “Contact Us” section).
Representatives
If you are based in the United Kingdom, our designated GDPR representative is:
Cosmo Technology Private Limited
2 Temple Back East
Temple Quay
Bristol
United Kingdom
BS1 6EG
If you are based in the EEA or Switzerland, our designated GDPR representative is:
Mikros Information Technology Ireland Limited
Mespil Business Centre
Mespil House
Sussex Road
Dublin 4
Ireland
Egypt
If you are using our Platform in Egypt, the following additional terms apply:
You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
Indonesia
If you are using our Platform in Indonesia, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this Policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Age, Parental and Guardian Consent.
By accessing and/or using the Platform, you represent that you are at least 21 years of age or married or not under guardianship. If you are below 21 years old and you are not married, or under guardianship:
you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protection.
If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing and/or using the Platform.
Your Choices.
You may withdraw your consent to our disclosure of personal data to third parties. Upon your request, we will display, publish, transmit, disseminate, and/or open the access to your personal data to third parties. Please note that by withdrawing your consent to the disclosure and/or collection of your personal data, we may not be able to fulfill your requests and you may not be able to use some of Hypic’s features and functionality.
You may request that we: (i) disclose the history of personal data that we have collected; and/or (ii) erase and dispose of your personal data that we have collected on our server. Please note that by requesting us to erase and dispose of your personal data, you may not be able to use some of Hypic's features and functionality.
To exercise any of your rights, please contact us (see the “Contact Us” section)
Notification.
In the event of any breach of personal data, we will notify you and provide you with information regarding such breach of personal data.
Data retention.
We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the service. Where we do not need your information in order to provide the service to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for five (5) years (or longer if required) in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
After you have terminated your use of our Platform and the five (5) years retention period has lapsed, we store your information in an aggregated and anonymised format. Non-personally identifiable information may be retained indefinitely for analytics.
Israel
If you are using our services in Israel, these additional terms apply. You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged Hypic Privacy Policy and
Terms of Services
and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
Argentina
If you are using our services in Argentina, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this Policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Your rights and options.
According to Law No. 25,326, Regulatory Decree No. 1558/2001 and the provisions and/or binding resolutions issued by the Agency for Access to Public Information ("AAIP"), you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: access, rectification and deletion regarding data protection. In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights or how to exercise them, please contact us using the information in the "Contact Us" section. If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them.
We encourage you to contact us if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the AAIP. You can contact AAIP through the site:
https://www.argentina.gob.ar/aaip/datospersonales/derechos
.
Mexico
If you use our services in Mexico, the following additional terms apply. In the event of a conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Data Controller
.
Bytedance Pte. Ltd. with address at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10, South Tower, Singapore 048583.
How we use your personal data
. Almost all of the purposes of the processing data indicated above in the main section of this Privacy Policy are necessary purposes. However, the following are secondary purposes:
To provide you with marketing communications, contests and promotions. You can always limit the secondary purposes by using the tools in the Settings that allow you to limit certain features.
We use both human and automated means to process your data.
How we share your personal data
. We may share your personal data with a third party for purposes other than processing on our behalf. We will obtain your consent to such disclosure as required by applicable laws.
By providing us with your personal data and using our Platform, you agree to transfers that require your consent. You can always revoke your consent and exercise your rights as outlined below.
Language. The Policy may have been prepared in the English language and in the Spanish language. If you are a user located in Mexico, you shall refer to the Spanish version, which shall prevail.
Your Rights.
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data: access, rectification, cancellation, objection, consent withdrawal, limitation of use and disclosure of your data. You may exercise your rights by sending your request to
hypic.support@bytedance.com
. To learn about the applicable requirements and the procedure for exercising your rights, please contact us at the above email address. If you are under 18 years of age, you may exercise your rights through a parent or guardian. Requests to exercise for your rights will be resolved as soon as possible according to the applicable data protection law and the nature of your request.
Information relating to minors. You may review our parental consent section in the
Terms of Service
.
Philippines
If you are using our Platform in Philippines, the following additional terms shall apply pursuant to the relevant laws, rules and regulations and issuances by the Philippines National Privacy Commission (“NPC”) on data privacy.
Your Rights.
To the extent that the relevant laws, rules and regulations on data privacy recognize your rights and freedoms as data subjects, you shall have the right to information, object, access, rectification, erasure or blocking, lodge complaints before the NPC, damages and data portability. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.
South Korea
If you are using our Platform in South Korea, the following additional terms apply:
How we share your information.
In addition to the main text of this policy, in the event we use information such as User Content on our Platform as part of our marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, your personal information contained in such information may be disclosed to the recipients of such marketing content.
Data retention.
We destroy personal data whose purpose of collection as consented to by you have been achieved, or whose periods of and use to which you consented to or which were provided in the Policy have expired; provided, however, we will continue to store your personal data for the following statutorily-prescribed periods, where applicable, including, but not limited to:
Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce:
Records on the handling of consumer complaints or disputes: 3 years
Records on labels: 6 months
Protection of Communications Secrets Act
Records on your visits to our website: 3 months
Destruction of Personal data.
We destroy your personal data in a manner that renders it unrestorable by the relevant department.
Your Rights
Data rights.
You have the right to access personal data we hold about you, to rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate, to request the deletion of personal data held about you, and the right to request the suspension of the processing of your personal data. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at
hypic.support@bytedance.com
.
Data Security.
We work hard to protect Hypic and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. To this end, we have in place technical, managerial and physical safeguards, including internal policy for data protection, limiting the access to personal data on a need-to-know basis and controlling access to the facilities where personal data is processed.
Information Relating to Children.
Hypic is not directed at children under the age of 14.
Entrustment and/or Overseas Transfer of Personal Data.
We entrust your data to our affiliates, cloud storage providers, IT service providers, and data centers, some of whom are located abroad, subject to your consents or notifications to you, if applicable. The entities receiving and processing your data are committed to using and storing personal data in compliance with domestic and international regulations and to taking all available physical and technical measures to protect personal data. You may opt-out of such transfer so long as the transfer is not necessary to provide you with the Platform, by contacting
hypic.support@bytedance.com
.
Türkiye
If you are using our Platform in Türkiye, the following additional terms:
Data Controller Representative.
You may contact our data controller representative in Türkiye by email or mail to handle questions and complaints in connection with the processing of your personal data if you are in Türkiye.
Legal bases for processing your personal data.
We rely on the following legal bases while processing your personal data in accordance with Article 5 of the Law No. 6698 on Protection of Personal Data:
processing is explicitly laid down or dictated by laws
processing of your personal data is necessary provided that it is directly related to the conclusion or fulfillment of the contract between us
processing is mandatory for us to be able to comply with our legal obligations
the relevant data is made available to the public by yourself
processing is mandatory for the establishment, exercise or protection of a right
processing is mandatory for our legitimate interests, provided that it does not violate your fundamental rights and freedoms
your explicit consent (Please note that we rely on this legal basis only when we require your consent for the processing and we do not rely on this legal basis if and when we rely on one of the other legal grounds above)
Your rights.
According to Article 11 of the Data Protection Law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to learn whether we process your personal data,
the right to request information with regard to such processing, if we process your personal data,
the right to learn the purposes of the processing and whether they are used for such purpose or not;
the right to know the third parties within or outside the country, to whom we transfer your personal data,
the right to request correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data,
the right to request deletion or destruction of your personal data under the conditions set forth in Article 7 of the Data Protection Law,
the right to request that we notify the third parties, to whom we transferred your personal data, about the correction, deletion and/or destruction of your personal data per your request within the scope of the foregoing two items,
the right to object to the negative results about you that are due to the analysis of your personal data processed solely by automated means,
the right to claim indemnification for damages incurred due to illegal processing of your personal data.
If you would like to exercise your rights, please contact us at
hypic.support@bytedance.com
.
The requests found in your application will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request and within thirty days at the latest free of charge. However, if your request incurs additional cost to our company, then you may be charged over the tariff fee determined by the Turkish Personal Data Protection Board.
Language.
This policy is available in English and Turkish. If there is any inconsistency or different interpretation between the English and Turkish versions, the Turkish text shall prevail.
United Arab Emirates
If you are using the Platform in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the following additional terms apply:
How we share your personal data
In addition to the main text of this policy, by using the Platform in the UAE you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our sharing of your personal data in line with the main text of this Privacy Policy.
Governing law and dispute resolution
By using our Platform in the UAE, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the UAE. In the event of a dispute arising between the parties in connection with this Privacy Policy:
where the dispute relates to a claim for a sum within the limits specified by the DIFC Small Claims Tribunal from time to time, then the dispute shall be referred by either party to the said Tribunal; and
for all other disputes, the parties shall seek settlement of that dispute by mediation in accordance with the Mediation Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. If the dispute is not settled by mediation within 30 days of the commencement of the mediation, or such further period as the parties shall agree in writing, the dispute shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. The language to be used in the mediation and in the arbitration, shall be English. In any arbitration commenced pursuant to this clause the number of arbitrators shall be one and the arbitration shall be conducted in Dubai.
United States
If you are using our Platform in the United States, the following additional terms apply:
Your Rights and Choices
Depending on where you live, you may be entitled to certain rights with respect to your personal information, as described below:
Right to Know
. You may have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which it is collected, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing it, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose it.
Access and Data Portability
. Subject to certain exceptions, you may have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You may have the right to request that we delete information that we collected from or about you, subject to certain exceptions.
Correct Inaccurate Information
. You may have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in the personal information we maintain about you.
For United States users, the Platform does not sell your personal information or share your personal information with third parties for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising or targeted advertising where restricted by applicable law.
Although some of the information we collect may be considered sensitive personal information, we only process such information in order to provide the Platform and within other exemptions under applicable law, such as when we process your sensitive personal information in order to perform the services or provide the goods you request from us.
You may exercise these rights by submitting your request via email to:
hypic.support@bytedance.com
You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized agent. To designate an authorized agent to exercise choices on your behalf, please provide evidence that you have given such agent power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf.
We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or to provide information necessary to verify your account.
You may appeal any decision we have made about your request by replying to the communication you receive from us communicating your decision. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available on this Platform may change or no longer be available to you.
Other California Rights
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and/or across different websites. Our products do not support Do Not Track requests at this time.
You can request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Requests may be submitted via the methods listed in the “Contact Us” section above.
Vietnam
If you are using our Platform in Vietnam, the following additional terms apply:
Age, Parental and Guardian Consent.
By accessing and/or using the Platform, you represent that you are at least 16 years of age or not under guardianship. If you are below 16 years old or under guardianship:
you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections.
If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Platform.