Privacy Policy
Version française
Effective Date
: June 25th, 2024
REGROOP SAS, registered with the Castres Trade and Companies Register under number 922 320 643 and whose registered office is located at LA ROUGEARIE 81100 CASTRES (“
We
”, “
CHILLI
”, “
Our
”, “
Us
”) has developed and operates the social networking platform “CHILLI CLUB” accessible via the CHILLI mobile application (the “
Platform
”).
This privacy policy (the “
Policy
”) aims to inform users (the “
Users
”, “
You
”) of the Platform about how their personal data (the “
Data
”) is processed by CHILLI as part of their use of the services offered by the Platform, which are governed by the general terms of use. We remind You that none of Your data is sold or offered for sale to third parties.
We act as the data controller for Your Data processed within the framework of Your use of the Platform, as defined by Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (the “
GDPR
”) and Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 as amended by the Law of 6 August 2004 and the Law of 20 June 2018 on data processing, files, and freedoms (the “
LIL
”) and any other applicable French or European regulations on personal data protection (the “
Applicable Data Protection Legislation
”).
The content of this Policy is linked to that of the Platform's General Terms of Use, and all capitalized terms in this Policy have the meaning given to them in the said General Terms of Use, which You can consult at the following
address
.
Data refers to information that identifies you directly or indirectly. We process the following Data as part of your use of the Platform, your support for Campaigns, and the implementation of your actions:
Profile Data:
When you create your Account on the Platform, you provide us with your first and last name, username, email address, and/or phone number. You can also add other information to your profile, such as a personal introduction or a profile photo.
Location Data:
When using the Platform, we collect certain information to locate you approximately, based on your technical information, such as your IP address. However, you can disable the geolocation service at any time in your account settings.
Identification Data:
When you log in to the Platform, we may collect the unique identifier of your mobile device, and all information related to your account and activity is linked to this unique identifier. We may also collect your social media identification number if you choose to link your social media account to the Platform account.
Preferences and Interests:
When you log in to the Platform, to offer you Campaigns related to them.
Your Content:
When you take Actions or interact with other activists and users, we host the content you post and/or share, as well as all your interactions with archivists and/or other users on the Platform's discussion spaces.
Our Correspondence:
When you contact us by email, phone, or other means of communication, it is also collected and processed.
Information collected via cookies on our website:
We use cookies to ensure the proper functioning of the Platform and improve your user experience.
Any other information you voluntarily submit to us.
We process your Data, within the framework of our contractual relationship with you, to provide you with the Platform and ensure a better user experience. We may also use your data to pursue our legitimate interests, fulfill our legal obligations, or with your consent.
Our purposes are as follows:
Managing your registration and access to the Platform:
To allow you to access your personal space on the Platform and use all the Features offered by the Platform.
Managing Calls to Action:
To enable you to take Actions in favor of a Campaign that may interest you. Based on your interests and preferences you provided during registration, we send you notifications of Campaigns that may interest you, presented on the Platform, links to Campaigns, Calls to Action, and any other alerts related to the Campaigns you support. We also allow you to share Content in favor of the Campaign.
Managing the Discussion Space:
To allow you to exchange with Activists and other Users, sharing your ideas on the Campaign and the Actions to be taken.
Managing the Support Service:
To offer you assistance in resolving any problems on the Platform and/or with Activists and/or Users.
Ensuring the proper functioning of the Platform:
To ensure our Platform works correctly and is optimized for your device, and to record your preferences and settings.
Improving your user experience and performing statistics and marketing analysis:
To understand how you use the Platform and adapt its content to your preferences.
Disseminating information that may interest you:
Generally associated with the Campaigns you support or the Chilli Foundation.
WHO ARE THE RECIPIENTS OF YOUR DATA?
The Data you provide to us is accessible to the following recipients:
The Activist:
When you decide to join their Campaign and take Actions in favor of it.
The Community:
When you decide to share Action Content through the Platform, such as your content in support of a Campaign and messages you post on the Platform's discussion spaces.
Campaign Recipients:
When you send them Content during the implementation of an Action.
Members of the social network you are connected with:
When you decide to share Content through the Platform on a social network. In this case, you authorize us to share this Content and acknowledge that from the moment it is posted on the social network, only those terms will apply.
CHILLI staff:
Due to their functions or assignments and within the limits of their missions, particularly staff responsible for monitoring Campaigns, assisting with Actions, or support services.
CHILLI's external subcontractors:
Such as our hosting, emailing, and statistics providers.
Third parties authorized by law:
Including legal professionals, public officers, public authorities, administrative or judicial authorities, or any other person or entity authorized under a law, regulation, or decision of a competent administrative or judicial authority. Unless required by law or court order, CHILLI is not obligated to inform Users of these Data disclosures.
When We transfer Data to our subcontractors, We ensure they provide guarantees equivalent to Ours and adhere to Our Policy. We also ensure they provide sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures so that processing complies with the requirements of this Policy and, more broadly, applicable Data Protection Legislation.
If you are located in Europe, your Data is collected, processed, and stored within the European Union. If you are located in another country, especially the United States where CHILLI has a significant presence, your Data will be collected outside the EEA and then stored within the EEA.
In this case, We ensure that the countries have an adequate level of protection, as is the case in the United States, or, failing that, have adhered to a binding certification mechanism approved by the European Commission. Failing that, we adopt binding corporate rules approved by the European Commission or implement standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission, as the case may be.
We store your Data for a period not exceeding what is necessary for the purposes for which we collect and process this Data and, in any case, in accordance with legal requirements. Retention periods vary depending on the processing purpose.
Your Data will be stored in Our active database as long as Your account is active and will subsequently be irreversibly deleted or anonymized within 30 days from the closure of your Account.
Some of Your Data will be archived in an intermediate database with limited access when We are legally required to keep it longer, for example, to comply with the law, establish proof of Our rights, or for tax, accounting, or audit purposes. In these cases, the storage period will depend on the respective legal prescription or retention periods, and Your Data will be deleted after the expiration of the relevant retention periods.
CHILLI has implemented technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data, including against possible violations that could result, accidentally or unlawfully, in the destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized access, or disclosure of Your personal data.
CHILLI also ensures that its staff members and any person involved in processing your Data comply with internal rules and procedures related to personal data processing, particularly technical and organizational security measures to protect Your Data.
However, despite our efforts to protect Your Data, there is always a risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way to circumvent our security systems or that Your Data transmissions over the internet may be intercepted. Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of Your Data, nor that the Data you provide will not be intercepted during transmission to Us. Therefore, We invite you to take all necessary precautions to protect Your Data when you are online or using the Platform.
In any case, when We become aware of a violation of Your Data that may result in a high risk to your rights and freedoms, We will notify you of this violation as soon as possible to allow you to take the necessary measures to protect yourself, in addition to having previously informed the National Commission for Information Technology and Civil Liberties (the “
CNIL
”).
You have the following rights regarding Your Data
and the processing of Your Data:
Right to access Your Data;
Right to rectify inaccurate Data;
Right to erase Your Data, unless the processing is necessary for exercising the right to freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest, or for establishing, exercising, or defending a legal claim;
Right to request the restriction of processing Your Data if (i) You contest the accuracy of Your Data, (ii) the processing is unlawful, but You oppose the erasure of the Data and request the restriction instead, (iii) We no longer need the Data, but You need it for establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims, or (iv) You have objected to the processing;
Right to data portability, to receive a copy of Your Data in a structured electronic format or to request the transfer of such data to another data controller where technically possible;
Right to object to the processing of Your Data for reasons related to Your particular situation, including Your profiling, or for marketing purposes;
Right to withdraw Your consent at any time where the processing is based on consent. Withdrawal of Your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out previously.
You can exercise Your rights by sending a clear and precise request by email to the following address:
support@chilli.club
.
We strive to respond to Your request within one month in accordance with Our obligations under the GDPR.
If You request the deletion of Your Data, it will be erased unless its processing is necessary to comply with Our legal obligations, Our contractual obligations, or Our overriding legitimate interests.
You can also access and update Your Data at any time by accessing the settings of Your account in Your Personal Space.
You also have the right to file a complaint with the CNIL at the following address: CNIL - 3 Place de Fontenoy - TSA 80715 - 75334 PARIS CEDEX 07.
Links to third-party sites such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok may be present on the Platform. The presence of a link to a third-party site on the Platform does not constitute an endorsement, authorization, or affiliation with the site in question.
If You click on a link that redirects you to a third-party site, including an ad, You will leave the Platform you were using to go to the selected website. Since We have no influence over the activities of third parties, We disclaim any responsibility for the use of your Data by these third parties and cannot guarantee adherence to the same Data protection practices as Ours.
If You visit a third-party site from a link on the Platform, We invite you to review the privacy policy of the site in question before submitting Your Data.
We reserve the right to modify the Policy at any time. If We change the Policy, We will post the changes on the Platform, and Your use of the Platform will constitute acceptance of these changes.
The "update" date at the top of this Policy reflects the effective date of the changes made to the Policy.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, You can contact us by sending an email to the following address:
support@chilli.club
.