Valid from 19th september 2022
"Ullr HTTP Client" is an ad-supported application. The services provided by "Ullr HTTP Client" are intended to be used as is.
The "Ullr HTTP Client" privacy policy is used to inform users of our policies on the collection, use and disclosure of personal information if someone chooses to use our services.
If you choose to use our services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve the services.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
Collection and use of information
For a better experience, when using our services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information, including but not limited to your device ID. The information we request will be stored by our partners and used as described in this privacy policy.
            Our applications and services use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Links to privacy policies and a brief description of the third party service providers used by our applications and services:
AdMob
is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc. Please read this in an overview of how they use information from sites or applications that use their services.
                Collected personal data: unique device identifiers for advertising. For example, Google advertiser ID or Apple ID for advertising.
We may employ third party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
facilitate our services;
                provide services on our behalf;
                to perform service related services, or,
                to help us analyze how our service is being used.
Security
"Ullr HTTP Client" does not collect, record or process any confidential information, except for the points specified in this privacy policy
Links to other sites:
                Our services may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third party link, you will be redirected to this site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you read the privacy policies of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
                We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, it is recommended that you review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes take effect immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact details
                If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us at ullrsoftcom@gmail.com