prev
next
INTRODUCTION
As one of Vietnam's leading private multi-sector economic groups, BRG Group currently provides high quality products and services in a number of areas, such as hotels and resorts, recreation, commerce and retail, finance and banking, golf and real estate to both domestic and international customers.
Contributing to the community with the highest values, BRG Group is a pioneer in international integration, cooperating with prestigious multinational corporations across the world to build an ecosystem featuring high-quality products and comprehensive and sustainable services that always bring the highest living standards to the community.
With nearly 30 years experience, BRG Group comprises dozens of members and joint venture companies across the country, which attracts nearly 22,000 creative employees holding doctorate, master, and bachelor degrees in their respective fields, as well as foreign experts with international experience. “BRGers” are always active, creative, passionate, enthusiastic, and devoted to the success of BRG Group, thereby contributing to the overall development of the community and the country.
Read more
Our business
Collection
BRG collection is a group of products that the Group wants to introduce and promote to the world, in order to develop and preserve the Vietnamese cultural identity as well as promote the country’s culture and brand through the process of international integration.
Pharma
BRG's pharmaceutical companies are reputable distributors and important partners of a number of the world’s most reputable multinational pharmaceutical companies. In addition, BRG Group invests in the most modern technology to produce optimal quality pharmaceutical products to serve both domestic and international consumers.
KEY PROJECTS
BRG Group has a great desire to contribute to the community by developing major projects that make a tremendous impact on the development of the country. Thus, BRG Group has invested and participated in the planning of arterial roads in major cities, as well as invested in the development of smart cities. All BRG’s major projects utilise the world's leading technologies and standards, and are also located at strategic economic regions of Vietnam.
Hotel and Resort
BRG Hotel and Resort has cemented its prestige and class in the luxury accommodation market with first-rate hotels and resorts across the country, which are managed by the most prestigious partners in the world such as Hilton, Four Seasons, Marriott, and InterContinental.
Retail
Retail is a direct way for BRG Group to bring dedication in each product to consumers. We currently operate a chain of more than 100 supermarkets and stores in a number of brands such as BRGMart and FujiMart
Collection
BRG collection is a group of products that the Group wants to introduce and promote to the world, in order to develop and preserve the Vietnamese cultural identity as well as promote the country’s culture and brand through the process of international integration.
Pharma
BRG's pharmaceutical companies are reputable distributors and important partners of a number of the world’s most reputable multinational pharmaceutical companies. In addition, BRG Group invests in the most modern technology to produce optimal quality pharmaceutical products to serve both domestic and international consumers.
KEY PROJECTS
BRG Group has a great desire to contribute to the community by developing major projects that make a tremendous impact on the development of the country. Thus, BRG Group has invested and participated in the planning of arterial roads in major cities, as well as invested in the development of smart cities. All BRG’s major projects utilise the world's leading technologies and standards, and are also located at strategic economic regions of Vietnam.
Hotel and Resort
BRG Hotel and Resort has cemented its prestige and class in the luxury accommodation market with first-rate hotels and resorts across the country, which are managed by the most prestigious partners in the world such as Hilton, Four Seasons, Marriott, and InterContinental.
Retail
Retail is a direct way for BRG Group to bring dedication in each product to consumers. We currently operate a chain of more than 100 supermarkets and stores in a number of brands such as BRGMart and FujiMart
Collection
BRG collection is a group of products that the Group wants to introduce and promote to the world, in order to develop and preserve the Vietnamese cultural identity as well as promote the country’s culture and brand through the process of international integration.
DAILY NEWS
Indian Golfer Rahil Gangjee Wins the BRG Open Golf Championship Danang 2024
Da Nang, August 31, 2024 – The BRG Open Golf Championship Danang 2024 concluded with the Legend Danang Golf Resort award presentation ceremony.
31 August 2024
Efforts and Expectations to Transform North Hanoi Smart City into the First Carbon-Neutral Urban Area in Vietnam and the world
22 August 2024
Press conference – BRG Open Golf Championship Danang 2024
30 July 2024
Sheraton Grand Danang Resort & Convention Center continued to be chosen as the venue for Indian billionaires wedding party
21 January 2024
[ VID-EE-OH ]
Contact us
info@brggroup.vn
|    198 Tran Quang Khai Str., Hoan Kiem Dist., Hanoi, Vietnam
Tel: (84-24) 3939 3691
Send
New Vitality
About
History of development
Statement & Mission
International partners
Social responsibility
Our business
Hotel and Resort
International brands
Waldorf Astoria
Hilton Garden Inn Hanoi
Sheraton Nha Trang
Sheraton Grand Danang Resort
Intercontinental Hanoi Westlake
Local brands
Diamond Westlake suites
Asian Hotel
Mondial Hotel Hue
Century Riverside Hue
Rex Hotel
Grand hotel Vung Tau
Retail
BRGMart
FujiMart
Collection
Chu Dau ceramic
Pharma
DNA Pharma
Key projects
Nhat Tan - Noi Bai Masterplaning
North Hanoi Smart City
BRG Elite Card
BRG Elite Ecosystem
Register BRG Elite Card
News
BRG news
Golf news
Retail news
Contact