Privacy policy
Hovervox - Test you device a bit - its subsidiaries and affiliated companies provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information we receive from users
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT:
By registering for a user account, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information by  Hovervox - Test you device a bit in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Service.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY:
Hovervox - Test you device a bit reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changed or modified version of the Privacy Policy on the Site. Any such changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will change the Last Revised date below.
PERSONAL INFORMATION AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Hovervox - Test you device a bit may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service. Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual’s name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address. This Privacy Policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate or anonymous information. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all information collected from or about you, including personal information and non-personal information, as “Your Information.”
USE OF APPLICATIONS
When you launch any of our applications, we collect information regarding your device type, operating system and version, carrier provider, IP address, Media Access Control (MAC) address, International Equipment Mobile ID (IMEI), whether you are using a point package, the game version, the device’s geo-location, language settings, and unique device ID. In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service. When you play our games, we also collect information about your play and interaction with other users and the Service.
We may collect Your Information, such as your name or email address, from third party websites or other sources from which you download or access  Hovervox - Test you device a bit applications, services or products that also make up part of the Service.
We use Your Information to provide the Service, to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and evaluate how the Service is used. We may also use Your Information to serve you specifically, for instance, by delivering products or advertisements to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
PUSH NOTIFICATIONS
These messages notify you of in-game activity and may allow you to play the game from your phone. With your consent we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game updates and other relevant messages.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We may share Your Information with third parties with whom we have a strategic relationship such as ad networks and analytics providers. The information shared with these third parties may be used for industry analysis, tracking ad conversions or demographic profiling.
OFFER WALL:
Hovervox - Test you device a bit takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your Account or any of Your Information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
OUR POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN:
The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for an Account on the Service or send any information about yourself to  Hovervox - Test you device a bit. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files.