Privacy Policy
Cloud Speeder - Safe Shop (hereinafter referred to as "we") attaches great importance to the protection of users' personal information and privacy, so we have developed a policy covering how to collect, store, use, share and protect user information, as well as the access, update, and deletion we provide for you. and privacy agreements that protect the manner in which such information is obtained. We hope to clearly introduce to you through this Privacy Policy how we process your personal information and other information.
This privacy policy is closely related to your use of our products or services. Before using our products or services, please read and understand the "Privacy Policy" completely and make sure you understand our processing rules for your personal information and other information, and make your corresponding decisions. considered an appropriate choice. If you do not agree to any content of this Privacy Policy, it means that you have chosen to give up the use of our products and services, and please stop using our products and services immediately. When you use any of our products and services, you agree and fully understand the entire content of this Privacy Policy.
Scope of information collection
In order to provide continuous services and ensure service quality, we will record and save your login and use information during your use of this service, including but not limited to software and hardware feature information, user identifiers, etc.
How to collect information
1. We collect your information through your active submission and corresponding records generated during your use of our services.
2. We may collect and use your information through preferences and other related technologies. The specific purposes for which we use preferences include: remembering your identity. Analyze your use of our services in order to provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services.
Use of information
In order to provide you with better, more convenient and safer services, we may use the collected information for the following purposes, subject to compliance with relevant laws and regulations:
1. To provide services to you.
2. Service optimization and development. For example, we will optimize our services based on information generated when the services respond to your needs.=
3. For other related scenarios that may require the use of the collected information, if the usage scenario is not reasonably related to the initial scenario, we will re-obtain your consent before using the information.
Information Disclosure
We will not share your information with any unrelated third parties without your consent, except in the following circumstances:
1. We may share your information with our affiliated companies, third-party service providers, contractors and agents only as necessary to provide the corresponding functions or services in "1. Scope of information collection", and for " 3. Necessary for the purpose described in the section in "Information Use".
2. Fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights in the User Terms of Service or this Statement.
3. If we share your information with any of the above-mentioned third parties, we will strive to ensure that the third party abides by this statement and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures that we require them to comply with when using your information.
4. We will conduct strict security inspections on the application programming interface (API) and software tool development kit (SDK) for authorized partners to obtain relevant information, and agree on strict data protection measures with authorized partners to make them comply with this policy and Any other relevant confidentiality and security measures to process personal information.
Information storage
Information collected about you is stored on our servers. Generally, we only retain your information during the period of providing services to you, and the retention time will not exceed the time necessary to meet the relevant purpose of use. In the following cases, and only for the purposes related to the following situations, we may need to retain your information or part of the information for a longer period of time: to comply with applicable laws and regulations, court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures. The requirements of public security organs, government agencies or other competent authorities. We have reasons to believe that we need to abide by relevant laws and regulations. Purposes that are reasonably necessary to implement relevant service agreements or this privacy statement, safeguard social public interests, handle complaints/disputes, and protect the personal and property safety or legal rights of our customers, us or our affiliates, other users or employees.
Information Security
1. We strive to ensure information security to prevent loss, improper use, unauthorized reading or disclosure of information. We use various security technologies to ensure information security, and establish strict management systems and processes to ensure information security. We attach great importance to information security compliance and fully protect your information security. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control. You agree to hold us harmless in such circumstances.
2. In the event of a security incident such as personal information leakage, we will activate an emergency plan to prevent the expansion of the security incident, report it in a timely manner in accordance with relevant regulations, and notify you of the relevant situation by sending emails, push notifications, announcements, etc., and give you security information. suggestion.
Change
We may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time, and such revisions form part of this Privacy Policy. We will notify you in a prominent position before the revision takes effect if it may result in substantial reduction of your rights under this Privacy Policy or expansion of the scope of collection and use of information and other important rule changes. In this case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this policy or other related matters, please fill in the relevant information according to the guidelines we provide, and send your questions to xujiamengdeveloper@163.com, we will review the questions involved as soon as possible, and verify your user identity reply within thirty days.