Privacy Policy
Libii HK Limited and its affiliates (“Company” or “we”) respect the privacy of its users (“User” or “you”) and are committed to protect the User’s information, be it yours or your children’s. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you use our Products (as defined on the Terms of Use) and website (the “Service”).
1. Your consent (important, please read carefully!)
By accessing and/or using the Site or the Service, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy, including to the collection and processing of your Personal Information (as defined below). Please note: if you disagree to any term provided herein, you may not access or use the Service.
2. Which information we may collect on our Users?
Non-personal Information: We use third-party services to collect Non-personal and non-identifiable information (“Non-personal Information”). To put it simply, we have no idea what is the identity of the User from which we have collected the Non-personal Information. Non-personal Information which is being gathered consists of technical information and behavioral information, as detailed below:
Technical information:
• Type of operation system (e.g. Windows, Linux, etc.)
• Type of Browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.)
• Screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.)
• Language (e.g. English)
• Android or iOS Vendor (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.)
• Flash version
Behavioral information:
• User’s interaction with the Service
• User’s behavior on the Service
• The amount of pictures user publishes after using the Service.
• Any Similar behavioral information.
• Installed application information
Personal Information: We do not collect any Personal Information when you or your children use our Products, however we allow you to join our newsletter should you wish to receive updates and information regarding products and services offered by the Company and its affiliates (the “Newsletter”). In order to join our Newsletter you will be asked to provide us with an active email address through the Site. You may remove your email address from mailing list at any time by clicking the remove option incorporated in the emails sent to you.
PLEASE NOTE THAT JOINING THE NEWSLETTER IS NOT MANDATORY IN ORDER TO USE THE SERVICE.
3. How do we collect information on our Users?
Non-personal Information is gathered by third-party services while you access the Service. In other words, analytical third-party services are aware of your usage of the Site and the Service, and may collect the information relating to such usage.
4. What are the purposes of the collection of information?
We collect Non-personal Information for the following purposes:
• Enhance the User’s experience on the Service, including the ability to communicate with our Users through an internal notification mechanism incorporated in the Service.
• Learn about the preferences of Users and general trends on the Service through the study of aggregated data and statistics.
5. How to request the deletion of data?
Users can request deletion of their data by contacting us, please email us at ff@libii.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of your account information for a certain period of time.
6. Advertising
We accept advertisements from third party advertisers. These advertisers are carefully selected to provide information about products and services that we think may be of interest to our Users. Note that if you click on any of these advertisements, these advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser with which you are interacting before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.
7. Cookies & Local Storage
When you access or use the Service, Company may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies” and Flash (or similar technologies), which stores certain information on your computer (“Local Storage”) and which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features, and make your Service experience much more convenient and effortless. The cookies used by the Service are created per session, does not include any information about you, other than your session key and are removed as your session ends. It is easy to prohibit the Local Storage. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. In order to erase or disable the Local Storage option in Flash you should use the settings option of Flash according to the specific instructions provided by the technology provider. However, if you block or erase cookies, or change the settings of Flash, your online experience may be limited.
We also may use certain third-party cookies (e.g. Google Authentication). These are a different kind of cookies, stored on your computer by third parties, rather than by the Company. This kind of cookie is only read (and not altered by the Service) each time you visit the Service, and also when you visit certain websites or applications that uses similar cookies. Third-party cookies usually store only Non-personal Information, such as the web pages you have visited, the duration of your browsing, etc.
8. Security
We take a great care in maintaining the security of the Service and your information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through industry standard technologies and internal procedures, including through the use of encryption mechanisms. However, we do not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
Third Party Software/Service
While using the Service we may be using third party software and/or service, in order to (a) collect and/or process Non-personal information; (b) provide you with advertisements on different products and services; and (c) communicate with you through an internal messaging mechanism incorporated in the Service. Such software may include without limitation, Google AdMob [which privacy policy can be found at http://www.admob.com/home/privacy].
9. Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may share Information only in the following cases:
(a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request; (b) to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) to respond to claims that any content published on the Service violates any right of a third-party; (f) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users or the general public; (g) when Company is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company; (h) pursuant to your approval, in order to supply certain services you have requested from Company; (i) to let our partners and affiliates serve you with commercials;
10. Changes to the Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Service and any information collected therein. Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” and your continued use of the Service on or the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
11. Got any Questions?
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcomed to send us an email to the following address: [contact@libiihk.com] and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe.