Home
Solutions
YSO Network
Game Utils
Monster Playable
Success
Contact
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Privacy Policy
The data controller is YSO Corp, a simplified joint stock company with share capital of 10,000 euros, incorporated in France and entered on the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 792 320 533, having its registered office at 2 rue de Malleville, 95880 Enghien-les-Bains, France.
Protection of your personal data is fundamental to us. This confidentiality policy outlines information pertaining to the manner in which we collect and process this data.
“Personal data” or “Data” shall mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
“Data controller” shall mean the person that determines the purposes and means of the processing.
Remit of the personal data protection policy
This personal data protection policy is applicable to all our applications, advertising and analytics services.
Which data is collected ?
With your prior consent, we are likely to collect and process the following data in whole or in part when you use our applications, advertising and analytics services.
Data pertaining to consumer activities on our applications and notably the way in which they interact with our applications (for instance, how and when they use our applications) and with the ads we display (for instance, time spent on these, potential clicks).
Advertising IDs: IDFA advertising identifiers (for IOS devices) and GAID (for Android devices).
Data pertaining to consumer geographical position, city and/or country-level geolocation, time zone and locale settings (country and preferred language).
Device make, model and operating system.
Device properties related to screen size & orientation, audio and battery, device memory usage, boot time.
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, theme.
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the services.
Network connection type and speed.
IP Address.
We are also likely to use cookies which correspond to small files containing letters and figures downloaded onto consumer devices when they access our applications.
This device information may be collected across mobile applications and websites over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we use that combined information to offer the services. This type of information may include transactional data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations. We may also collect certain types of information automatically (such as IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type), including through the use of cookies. You can control or disable the use of cookies at the individual browser level on your device.
Using the information we collect, we are able to deliver the services, improve them, and research and develop new ones.
We may also collect data via external tools (Software Development Kit or « SDK ») implemented by our partners, which are an integral part of the applications.
You will find hereafter the list of our partners implementing SDKs through our applications:
YSO Corp (analytical SDK)
Tenjin (analytical SDK)
AppLovin / MaxAds (SDK advertising / mediation)
AdColony (SDK advertising)
Chartboost (SDK advertising)
Facebook (SDK advertising)
Fyber (SDK advertising)
Google AdMob (SDK advertising)
Google Ad Manager (SDK advertising)
HyperMX (SDK advertising)
InMobi (SDK advertising)
IronSource (SDK advertising)
LINE (SDK advertising)
Maio (SDK advertising)
Mintegral (SDK advertising)
MyTarget (SDK advertising)
Nend (SDK advertising)
Ogury (SDK advertising)
Smaato (SDK advertising)
Snap (SDK advertising)
Tapjoy (SDK advertising)
Tencent (SDK advertising)
Pangle (SDK advertising)
Unity Ads (SDK advertising)
Version (SDK advertising)
Verve (SDK advertising)
Vungle (SDK advertising)
Yandex (SDK advertising)
Purposes of processing undertaken by YSO Corp and legal basis for processing
Data collected by YSO Corp is used to:
Provide our applications and services.
Guarantee use and improvement of our applications and services.
Develop new applications and services, improve them, and research and develop new ones.
Understand your centers of interests and, thanks to this profiling, propose targeted and relevant advertisements (SDK advertising).
Make statistics on your use of the games, including the number of games played, your duration of use or the advertisements you are watching, which allows us to improve your gaming experience (analytical SDK).
Communicate with you, notably when you contact us by any means whatsoever.
We collect the data listed hereinabove, in whole or in part, only once we have your express consent for the purposes for which they are to be processed, through a pop-up in our applications.
At any time you can withdraw your consent from the "Settings" page in our various applications.
From time to time third parties will collect information from the website and other non-affiliated websites and mobile applications over time in order to deliver relevant advertising to your browser or device, as well as other browsers or devices associated with you. This type of advertising is called interest-based advertising.
You may also limit the collection of information from mobile applications on your device for interest-based advertising by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. For iOS mobile devices, go to “Settings” from your Device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.” For Android mobile devices, go to “Google Settings” on your Device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads.”
Please note that if you exercise choice you will still receive advertising, but it may be less relevant to your interests. Additionally, data may still be collected from your browser or device for purposes other than interest-based advertising. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices you may need to make your choices again.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us.
Term of data storage
YSO Corp stores your personal data for a maximum duration of 13 months after collection. Beyond this term, data may be rendered anonymous and stored solely for statistical use and will not be exploited, in any nature whatsoever.
Informations shared
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties for the following purposes:
With service providers that perform services on our behalf.
To provide our clients with the services, such as to deliver relevant advertising, and to provide attribution.
For analytics and research purposes.
Sharing with third-party partners and customers.
We work with third party companies who help us provide and improve our applications and services or who use advertising or related products.
Advertising, measurement and analytics services (Non-Personally Identifiable Information Only).
We may provide these partners with information about the reach and effectiveness of their advertising without providing information that personally identifies you, or if we have aggregated the information so that it does not personally identify you. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed, or how many people viewed their ads or installed an app after seeing an ad.
Categories of recipients of data collected
The recipients of the Data are the teams of YSO Corp that need to have access as well as the partners mentioned above. We may however share Data collected with our technical service providers for the aforementioned purposes. We stringently request that our partners always act in compliance with Data protection legislation applicable and grant special attention to confidentiality of this Data. The partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them. By application of the applicable regulation, any sub-contractor who may process this personal data for YSO Corp undertakes as follows:
To solely process data for the purpose(s) which is/are sub-contracted.
To process data in pursuance with YSO Corp instructions.
Guarantee the security and confidentiality of Data.
YSO Corp may also disclose/transfer your personal data to third parties in the following particular circumstances:
By virtue of legislation, as part of legal proceedings, a dispute and/or request issued by the public authorities in your country of residence or otherwise.
If disclosure is necessary for national security, application of legislation or any other matter of public interest.
In the event of restructuring, transfer, merger or sale to the third party concerned.
Data transfer
In such instance as your Data is transferred outside of the European Union, we ensure that:
The personal data is transferred to countries recognised as offering an equivalent level of protection.
Personal data is transferred via certified entities under the Privacy Shield.
For personal data transferred outside of countries recognised by the National Data Protection Authority (CNIL) as having a sufficient level of protection, any of the mechanisms offering appropriate guarantees is used, for which provision is made by applicable regulations, and in particular the adoption of template contractual clauses.
Personal data concerning children
YSO Corp does not knowingly collect any personal data concerning children under 16 years old.
Your rights concerning data collected
Under the protection of GDPR(EU) 2016/679, You have all of the following rights concerning the data we collect:
Right to confirmation of the existence of a data processing.
You are entitled to obtain from the controller confirmation as to whether or not data related to you are being processed.
Right to access your Data.
You are entitled to receive confirmation that your personal data is or is not processed and, when processed, you are entitled to access said data. This right also includes that of receiving a copy of data processed.
Right to request rectification of your Data if incorrect.
You are entitled to request that your data be amended, updated or completed when inaccurate, incorrect, incomplete or obsolete.
Right to request deletion of your Data.
You are entitled to request deletion of your data solely on those grounds for which provision is made by applicable regulation and in particular when:
Data is no longer necessary in light of the purposes for which it is collected or processed in any other manner.
You withdraw consent over which processing is based, and there is no legal basis for processing.
You object to processing and there is no overriding legitimate ground for processing.
You consider that your data has been processed illicitly.
Your data should be deleted to respect a legal obligation.
Right to limit processing.
You are entitled to request that the data controller limit the use of your data solely on those grounds for which provision is made by applicable regulation and in particular when:
You object to the accuracy of your Data.
You consider that processing is illicit and you object to deletion of your data.
Data is still required for exercising or defending your rights in court even though YSO Corp no longer requires this data.
The right to object to processing by withdrawing your consent (with it being reiterated that this withdrawal may not harm the legality of processing based on the consent granted prior to its withdrawal).
Right to benefit from data mobility.
You are entitled to reclaim your data provided to YSO Corp, in a structured format, commonly used and machine-readable, and the right to transfer this data to another data controller, for instance so as to change service provider.
Post-mortem guidelines.
You have the right to provide specific or general guidelines for the retention, erasure and disclosure of your personal data to designated third parties after your death.
Right to make a complaint to the National Data Protection Authority (CNIL).
If you consider that YSO Corp has defaulted in respect of its obligations in light of your personal data, at any time you may issue a complaint or make a claim to the competent authorities. In France, the competent authority is the National Data Protection Authority (CNIL) to whom you may issue a claim electronically by clicking on the following link:
https://www.cnil.fr/fr/plaintes/internet
.
Terms for exercising rights:
You may exercise the aforementioned rights by sending an email to the following address:
contact@ysocorp.com
.
You may exercise the aforementioned rights with a written and detailed request to the following address: 2 rue de Malleville, 95880 Enghien-les-Bains, France.
Due to the obligation of security and confidentiality in Data processing incumbent upon YSO Corp, you are hereby informed that your request will be processed subject that you provide proof of your identity, notably by producing a scanned copy of a valid identity document or a signed photocopy of a valid identity document.
YSO Corp will determine whether this is admissible or not within one month following receipt of the claim. In such instance as it is deemed admissible, YSO Corp will provide all information requested or implement the rights claimed within the aforementioned deadline.
If, given the complexity of the claim or the number of requests received, the aforementioned deadline cannot be respected, YSO Corp will notify you prior to expiry of this deadline, of this deadline being pushed back by a maximum of two months following its decision.
YSO Corp hereby notifies you that it will be entitled, where applicable, to object to any requests which are clearly abusive (in their number, repetitive nature, or systematic).
In such instance as YSO Corp does not follow up on your request, we will inform you in the aforementioned deadlines of the grounds on which our decision is based and your option to refer a complaint to the National DataProtection Authority (CNIL).
Personal data security
We take all necessary security measures so as to prevent as far as practically possible any alteration or loss of your data or any unauthorised access thereunto.
In such instance as we should be aware of any illegal access to personal data concerning you and corresponding to processing for which we are responsible, we undertake to notify you of the incident as soon as possible if this fulfills a legal requirement.
Updating the present policy
The present policy may be updated at any time, notably pursuant to legal and/or regulatory provisions and/or any recommendations of the National Data Protection Authority (CNIL). We hereby invite you to consult this page regularly.