Privacy Policy
Introduction
This privacy statement describes how we collect and use the personal information you provide on our website and with MovieZilla software downloaded. It also describes third-party solutions we use on our website and with this software that can collect and use the personal information.
Information Collection
We gather information like (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and click-stream data by using Google Analytics system so to use our site and software you need to accept Google Privacy Policy listed on here. We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) about our visitors. No further information regarding our visitors, other than the browser-level information for statistics and analytics purposes.
Cookies
A cookie, also known as a web cookie, browser cookie, and HTTP cookie, is a piece of text stored by a user's web browser. A cookie can be used for authentication, storing site preferences, shopping cart contents, the identifier for a server-based session, or anything else that can be accomplished through storing text data. A cookie consists of one or more name-value pairs containing bits of information which may be encrypted for information privacy and data security purposes. The cookie is sent as an HTTP header by a web server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server. We use cookies from the Google Analytics system for statistics and analytics purposes.
Sharing of Information
As described above, no information other than the browser-level information and the information recorded by the cookie (IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request for information) is captured by visiting our website. The browser-level information and information recorded by the cookie is not shared with any third party except Google Analytics.
Policy Changes
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us.
Here
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Contact us
https://www.movie-zilla.org/Support/index.html
Best Seller
Free Downloading Now
Video Convter: 1000+ formats 30X Faster Speed
Video Editing Tools：Cut,Join,Crop,Rotate,Split,Trim,etc
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms