Privacy Policy
We have been trying to improve our products, and our policies describe how we can make our products more personalized and intelligent. To serve you even better, please read our privacy policy below. We respect your privacy and we will make every effort to process your personal information and protect your personal information.
We may modify our privacy policies for various reasons, such as improving our services to reflect the services we provide on our website, applications, or applications, and to follow or comply with the relevant laws. If you wish to stop using our services, applications, websites or applications, please contact us or close your our account. We may send you an email from time to time informing you of any updates that may be in your favor. After the Privacy Policy update, you continue to use our services, including the application and our website, meaning that you accept these policies and accept any changes to these policies, and agree that all statements are correct and true. Show that you agree to the revised policy of this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
We may ask you to collect information about your address, other similar related data, etc. We collect information and user log data when you use or enter our website and detect. This information is stored to login to our website and use our services without authorization from the device. When you provide information to us through our application, we will automatically collect information from you. This information is collected to improve the user experience, improve content, user behavior, and provide better services to users. By providing information means you agree to our privacy policy.
How do we use your basic information
1. Provide and maintain our services, and perform basic operations to continue to serve our users.
2. Manage and protect our services (including troubleshooting, information analysis, testing, data hosting).
3. Notify you of the changes in our services, allowing you to understand how you use our services when choosing to join the new features in our services, so that we can constantly improve our products.
4. Publicize our services and products, and send push notifications. You can turn off push notifications at the device level through the device settings to choose not to receive push notifications.
5. Use third-party advertising networks to provide personalized advertising in our services. Depend on your consent to process personal data to provide you with personalized advertising.
Subscription
If you choose a continuous subscription, your Apple lD account will be charged on the last day of the trial period. The subscription will be automatically renewed unless cancelled at least 24 hours before the end of the electronic billing period. You can manage subscriptions and you can turn off subscriptions by going to your account Settings after purchase. You cannot cancel your current subscription during the event subscription. Any unused portion of the trial period, if provided, will be forfeited when you purchase the subscription.
Monthly：$9.9   Quarterly：$19.9  Yearly：$39.9
1Month：$15    1Quarter：$25      1Year：$60
Age limit
Our services are available only for people aged 18 and over. We do not deliberately collect personal information from children under 18.
Disclose and share your information
1. We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. These third parties assist us with a variety of tasks, including hosting and maintenance, continuous development, analytics, customer service, marketing, advertising. We may also share information with advertising partners who distribute ads in our services.
2. We will never provide or provide any information to a third party without your prior consent. If your personal information is required by law or disclosed in good faith, we may disclose your personal information if we consider such actions necessary to comply with legal obligations, and to protect and defend our rights or property.
Contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us via wangyudev@163.com.