Privacy Policy
Updated on: October 24, 2022
Effective on: October 24, 2022
ZKIOT APP (hereinafter referred to as "ZKIOT", "us" and "our") is fully aware of the
                importance of personal information to you, and will do its utmost to protect your personal information
                safely and reliably. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and strictly abide by the
                following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistent rights and
                responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of consent by choice, the principle of
                minimum sufficiency, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the
                principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, we promise that we will take appropriate
                security measures to protect your personal information according to the mature security standards in the
                industry.
                Please read and understand this Privacy Policy carefully before using our products.
We have formulated this policy to help you understand the following:
How we collect and use your personal information
How we use cookies and similar technologies
Third party SDK integration and services
How we disclose your personal information
Your rights in personal information processing activities
How we protect your personal information
How your personal information is transferred globally
How to update this policy
How to contact us
1. How do we collect and use your personal information
1.1 How do we collect your personal information
Personal information refers to all kinds of information related to identified or identifiable natural
                persons recorded electronically or in other ways, excluding information after anonymization. When you
                use our products and services or interact with us, I
                We may collect your personal information. The type of data collected will vary depending on the products
                and services you use and your interactions with us. You do not have to provide us with personal
                information, but in some cases, if you choose not to provide it, we may not be able to provide you with
                relevant products or services, nor can we respond to or solve the problems you encounter. We will only
                collect and use your personal information for the purposes stated in this statement. The personal
                information we may collect includes:
1.1.1 Information you provided us
(1) Account registration information. When registering an account, we will ask you to provide
                corresponding personal information, including your account number, password, email address, contact
                number, etc
Account cancellation instructions: You cannot cancel your account by yourself, and your superior
                    administrator needs to help you. After the superior administrator logs in, enter the account
                    management function, click the corresponding account, and select Delete Account. Once the account is
                    deleted, it will take effect immediately and cannot be restored.
                    We will stop providing you with products or services, and permanently delete your account, your
                    account information, all data in your account, and your traces of use.
(2) Personal contact information. When you contact us, provide us with comments, suggestions or
                inquiries, participate in our online and offline activities, subscribe to marketing materials, etc., you
                can leave your contact information, including your name, company name, position, email, telephone,
                etc.
1.1.2 Information obtained during your interaction with us or use of our products and
                services
(1) Equipment and network information. We will collect information about your devices when using our
                products and services, such as device type, device name or model, device ID, operating system type and
                version, browser type and version, screen resolution, language settings, IP address, network service
                provider, and other technical information that varies from product to product.
(2) Record information interactively. Such information will be directly submitted to us when you use our
                app or service and interact with us. For example, the information requests you provide to us include the
                query information you enter or the questions or information you provide for customer service support.
                Communication records of your online or via telephone, email, online and offline activities, etc&
                nbsp;
(3) Log information. When you use our products and services or view the content provided by us, we will
                automatically collect and store the necessary log information, such as the time of each visit to the
                service, the page path visited, the client IP address, and event information (such as errors, crashes,
                restarts, upgrades)
1.1.3 Third party source information and public information
If permitted by law, we will also obtain relevant data from public and commercial third parties or public
                sources. For example, we support our services by purchasing statistical data from other companies.
We may also collect and use non identifying data. Non identifying data refers to data that cannot be
                used to determine personal identity. For example, we will collect summary statistics, such as website
                visits. We collect this data to understand how users use their websites, products and services. With
                this, we can improve our services to better meet customer needs. We may, at our discretion, collect,
                use, process, transfer or disclose non identifying data for other purposes. We will try our best to
                isolate your personal information and non identifying data and use them separately. If personal
                information is mixed with non identifying data, it will still be treated as personal information.
1.2 How we use your personal information
We may use your personal information for the following purposes:
(1) Create an account. Customers interested in our products and services can create our accounts. This
                account can provide you with identity authentication when using our products and services, and authority
                management to protect the security of products and services; Contact you and send you important notices.
                To create an account, we will collect your personal information provided to us, including the name,
                account number, password, email address, contact number, country or region you entered.
(2) Respond to your interaction requirements. When you visit our app, participate in online or offline
                activities, request changes or provide the information you request (such as marketing materials, white
                papers, subscription magazines of products or services), and contact us with any questions or product
                information (such as providing technical support, providing us with opinions, suggestions, inquiries,
                etc.), we will collect your following information:
Data Item
Purpose
Contact Information
Your name, email, telephone, address, company name, position, etc
It is used to communicate with you, such as sending you the electronic magazines you subscribe
                        to, replying to your inquiries, comments or suggestions about us, or sending you event gifts,
                        etc
Interactive record
Your information request, call, email, online and offline activity records, etc
Respond to your request, such as sending you the electronic magazine you subscribed to,
                        obtaining your opinions, suggestions or inquiries about us, sending you event gifts, etc
(3) Recommend relevant content, products or services for you. With your consent, send you information
                about products and services you may be interested in; Invite you to participate in our activities
                (including promotional activities), market research or satisfaction survey; Or provide you with
                personalized content and services when you visit the APP. We will collect your following
                information:
Data Item
Purpose
Contact Information
Your name, email, telephone, company name, position, industry, etc
It is used to communicate with you, send you relevant marketing information based on your
                        consent, invite you to participate in our activities, and promote products or services you may
                        be interested in
Equipment and network information
Device type, device name or model, device ID, operating system type and version, browser type
                        and version, screen resolution, language setting, IP address, network service provider, etc
It is used to summarize and analyze the access effect and statistical data of websites, APP and
                        other online platforms, so as to continuously optimize your use experience
If you do not want to receive such information, you can unsubscribe at any time according to the SMS
                prompt or other methods provided by us
(4) Other information:
Troubleshoot errors when you choose to send us error details
Protect the security of our products, services and customers or users, and implement and improve our
                    loss prevention and anti fraud plans
Comply with and implement applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards or our
                    policies
For the above purposes, we may collect the following information from you:
Data Item
Purpose
Log information
Service request time, request protocol type, client IP address, status of successful request,
                        requested resource path, client device information (such as device type, operating system type
                        and version), etc
Fulfill legal obligations, ensure reliable, safe and stable operation of products or services,
                        and optimize products and services
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
2.1 Cookie
Cookie and similar technologies are widely used in the Internet. When you use ZKIOT and related services,
                we may use related technologies to send one or more cookies to your device
                Or anonymous identifiers to collect and store information when you access and use this product. We
                promise that we will not use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this privacy policy. We
                use Cookie and similar technologies to achieve the following functions or services:
（1） Ensure the safe and efficient operation of products and services
We may set cookies or anonymous identifiers to authenticate and guarantee security, so that we can
                confirm whether you have logged into the service safely, or whether you have encountered embezzlement,
                fraud and other illegal acts. These technologies will also help us improve service efficiency and speed
                up login and response
（2） Help you get easier access experience
Using this kind of technology can help you avoid repeating the steps and processes of filling in your
                personal information and entering search content (example: record search, form filling)
（3） Clearing cookies
Most browsers provide users with the function of clearing the cached data in the browser. You can clear
                the corresponding data in the phone settings function. If you clear it, you may not be able to use the
                services or corresponding functions provided by the company depending on cookies because of these
                modifications
3. Third party SDK integration and its services
To ensure a good user experience, we have integrated some third-party SDKs. See the following for
                details:
SDK name
Source
Information collection instructions
Description of use
Push
Zhejiang Daily Interactive Network Technology Co., Ltd
Collect user equipment information, application related information, network information and
                        location information
All manufacturers push integration in a unified way
IOS push
Apple Inc.
Collect user equipment information, application related information, network information and
                        location information
It is used to push relevant app notifications to users using Apple phones
Google Push
Google Inc.
Collect user equipment information, application related information, network information and
                        location information
It is used to push relevant app notifications to mobile users using Google services
Google Maps
Google Inc.
Collect user equipment information, application related information, network information and
                        location information
Provide users with map, positioning, navigation and other functions
4. How do we disclose your personal information
Generally, we will not disclose your personal information, except for the following scenarios:
When some services are provided by our authorized partner, we will share your personal information
                    with the partner as described in this policy. For example, if a partner is entrusted to handle
                    hotlines, send emails, and provide technical support on our behalf, we will require the partner to
                    only use your personal information to provide services to you on our behalf;
We may disclose personal information among our affiliated companies. We will only disclose your
                    information in our affiliated companies for specific, clear and legal purposes, and only disclose
                    information necessary for providing services. For example, in order to avoid repeated registration
                    when registering our account, we need to verify the uniqueness of the account to be registered;
We may also disclose your personal information to the relevant law enforcement agencies or other
                    government agencies when required by applicable laws or responding to legal procedures. In some
                    jurisdictions, if we are involved in reorganization, merger or bankruptcy and liquidation
                    proceedings, your personal information may also be disclosed to the counterparty.
We will also disclose your data when there is a reasonable need, for example, for the purpose of
                    executing the contract and we think it is necessary and appropriate to disclose in order to prevent
                    physical damage or property loss or investigate possible or actual illegal acts.
5. Your rights in personal information processing activities
You should ensure that all personal information submitted is accurate. We will try our best to maintain
                the accuracy and integrity of personal information and update these data in a timely manner.
When required by applicable laws, you may (1) have the right to view and copy your specific personal
                information held by us; (2) Ask us to update or correct your inaccurate personal information; (3) Deny
                or restrict our use of your personal information; (4) Ask us to delete your personal information; (5) We
                are required to explain the personal information processing rules. If you want to exercise relevant
                rights, please feed back to us in the app. For security, you may need to provide a written request. If
                we have reasonable grounds to believe that these requests are deceptive, impossible to implement or
                damage the privacy of others, we will refuse to handle the requests.
When required by applicable laws, you also have the right to revoke your consent at any time when we
                process your personal information based on your consent. However, the revocation of consent will not
                affect the legality and effectiveness of our processing of your personal information based on your
                consent before revocation, nor will it affect our processing of your personal information based on other
                appropriate legitimacy.
6. How do we protect and retain your personal information
We attach importance to the security of personal information. We take appropriate physical,
                administrative and technical safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized access,
                disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. For example, we will use encryption technology to ensure
                the confidentiality of data; We will use protection mechanisms to prevent data from being attacked
                maliciously; We will deploy an access control mechanism to ensure that only authorized personnel can
                access personal information; And we will hold security and privacy protection training courses to
                enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. We will try our best
                to protect your personal information, but please note that no security measures can be impeccable.
We will retain your personal information for the period required to achieve the purposes described in
                this policy, unless the retention period needs to be extended according to legal requirements or
                permission or is permitted by law. Because the storage period of data may vary based on different
                scenarios and products and services, the criteria we use to determine the retention period include: the
                time required to retain personal information to complete the business purpose, including providing
                products and services, maintaining corresponding transaction and business records, controlling and
                improving the performance and quality of products and services, ensuring the safety of systems, products
                and services, and responding to possible user queries or complaints, Problem positioning, etc; Whether
                the user agrees to a longer retention period; Whether there are special requirements for data retention
                in laws, contracts, etc. As long as your account is necessary to provide services for you, we will keep
                your registration information. You can also choose to cancel your account. After you cancel your
                account, we will stop providing products and services based on the account, and delete your
                corresponding personal information or anonymize it without special legal requirements.
7. How do we store and protect personal information
（1） Information storage region
We will store the user's personal information collected in China in accordance with laws and
                    regulations.
At present, we will not transfer or store your personal information across borders. If cross-border
                    transmission or storage is required in the future, we will inform you of the purpose, receiver,
                    security assurance measures and security risks of information going abroad, and obtain your consent.
（2） Information storage mode and duration
We will store your information in a secure way, including local storage (for example, using APP for
                    data caching), databases on the server, and server logs.
Generally, we will only store your personal information within the time necessary to achieve the
                    service purpose or under the conditions specified by laws and regulations.
Generally, we use the server automatic coverage method to process overdue information.
（3） We use industry common security technology and anonymous processing to prevent information loss,
                improper use, unauthorized reading or disclosure. For example, in some services, we will use encryption
                technology (such as SSL) to protect the personal information you provide.
8. How to update this policy
We reserve the right to update or modify this policy from time to time. If our privacy policy changes,
                we will publish the latest version of our privacy policy here. If we have made significant changes to
                our privacy policy, we may also send you notice of changes through different channels, such as
                publishing a notice on our website or a separate notice to you.
9. How to contact us
When you have other complaints, suggestions, minor personal information related issues or need to delete
                all access records under your account, please fill in the questions you want to feedback through ZKIOT
                "Personal Center - Question Feedback and Suggestions", and finally leave your contact information
                (mobile number) and submit it to us.
                Our managers will review the issues involved as soon as possible according to your feedback and
                suggestions, and verify your user identity. Generally, we will reply within 30 days to fully protect
                your privacy and security issues
Company name: Laoxu Technology Co., Ltd
Address: Floor 7, Torch Building, Chenggong District, Kunming, Yunnan
Tel.: 0871-63124008