Privacy Policy
At CoinCup OU UP (“us”, “our” or “we”), your privacy is a top priority. We appreciate that you put your trust in us when you provide us with your information and we do not take this lightly.
We do not compromise with your privacy. We design all of our products and services with your privacy in mind. We involve experts from various fields, including legal, security and others to make sure that no decision is taken without respect for your privacy.
This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps and other services operated by CoinCup OU,UP. For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our "services" or "apps" in this Privacy Policy. To make it extra clear, we've added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services.
Information Collection and Use
Provision of personal identifying information is necessary for the User in order to access to our services receipt. Non-provision of the respective personal data by the User shall result in inability for us to provide services to the User.
Within the present privacy policy under personal data the information relating to an identified or identifiable User is understood, in particular: name, surname, e-mail address.
Personal data do not include anonymous data that do not relate to an identified or are not identifiable in relation to concrete User as well as depersonalized data.
Our applications can collect the following information about the User (cases of collection are indicated):
1 Information about device or browser within the access to our applications that is processed by automated means, i.e. information about mobile device, including IP-address, operational system, IDFA (Identifier For Advertisers) or Apple/Android ID, technical data regarding device attributes and settings, applications, advertising opt-out signals, in-app events, device motion parameters and carrier.
2 Name, surname, mobile phone number, registration data (login/name/e-mail address and password) in case of registration procedure conducting.
3 Sex, age, weight in case of request of additional information conducting.
4 Mobile advertising IDs, GPS location (if appropriate permission is given), application usage statistics such as launch times and duration, ad views and click-throughs, if there are advertisements in the application.
5 Any content User downloads into our applications such as User photos, place of residence etc., if such a download is possible in the application.
The following companies are the Processors of the personal data of the applications of CoinCup OU,UP:
1 AppsFlyer Ltd. https://www.appsflyer.com/ru/privacy-policy/
2 Branch Metrics, Inc. https://branch.io/policies/#privacy
3 Facebook Ireland Ltd. https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
3 Facebook Ireland Ltd. https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
CoinCup OU,UP ensures that any Processor from the list, mentioned above, will provide the same or equal protection of User personal data as stated in this Privacy Policy
The User hereby freely gives, specific, informed and unambiguous consent to the processing of the personal data relating to him or her and mentioned above for the purposes of personal data processing indicated hereto.
The User has the right to withdraw his or her consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Withdrawal is made by the mere notification of the CoinCup OU,UP via its Support service, i.e. by sending an e-mail to the address support@lee-vpn.com with the topic “Consent withdrawal” or in the Settings menu of the application.
The User is also entitled to:
• request the access to and rectification or erasure of personal data processed by the CoinCup OU,UP;
• restrict the processing of personal data concerning the User;
• object to processing of personal data concerning the User;
• demand for realization of the right to data portability from the CoinCup OU,UP;
• exercise the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority.
The User is empowered to request one copy of the personal data undergoing processing free of charge. Any additional copies are provided on a reimbursement basis.
Security
We hereby undertake not to conduct any disclosure or transfer of the User’s personal data to any third parties, except Processors, mentioned above, without receipt of personal consent of the User
We use the safety measures for ensuring the confidentiality of the User’s information as well as for protection of the User’s information from loss, theft, unauthorized access, misuse, amendment or destruction.
The User is obliged to ensure safety of the registration data indicated by him or her for safe usage of CoinCup OU,UP
We store the personal data relating to the User for 1 (one) year after closing, termination of the Personal account or uninstalling the application. Upon termination of the mentioned term personal data relating to the User are subject to destruction or depersonalization to ensure anonymity of such information via deletion of the personal identifying information. Data retention periods for other Processors are indicated by the links above.
Links to Other Sites
Our services may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Conditions of the present privacy policy may be unilaterally changed by the us if required under the applicable laws or in other relevant cases with obligatory notification of the Users. New version of the privacy policy enters into force and is subject to observance by the User after the User has expressly agreed to its applicability.
If the User does not agree to the applicability of the new version of the privacy policy of CoinCup OU,UP, the User will discontinue the usage of the CoinCup OU,UP, and will be not allowed to use its Personal account without provision of an unambiguous consent to the applicability of the new version of the PRIVACY POLICY.
Contact Us
If you have any questions relating to the present privacy policy or claims arising out of its application, please, refer them to the our support service via the e-mail: support@lee-vpn.com We shall contact you back as soon as possible.
In case of your personal data breach, please, immediately contact our support service via the e-mail: support@lee-vpn.com (mentioning topic “Personal data breach” in your notice with description of the accident occurred).
Copyright   2019