Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
1. Introduction
The terms of this Privacy Policy constitute an inseparable part of the Neverless Terms of Use. The terms in this Privacy
    Policy shall have the same meaning assigned to them in the Terms of Use unless otherwise specified.
This Privacy Policy is designed to address regulatory requirements of the jurisdictions in which Neverless offers its
    Services, including the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), as enacted by the European
    Commission.
This Privacy Policy outlines our practices with respect to collecting, using, and disclosing your information when
    you use the Services, including your personal data, which includes information that relates to a living individual
    and can be used to identify that individual (“Personal Data”). This Privacy Policy covers all of our
    Services and products and all methods by which you may access our Website and/or our Services, including the web and
    mobile applications. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, in general, or any part of it, you should not use
    the Services.
We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy carefully and use it to make informed decisions. By using the Services,
    you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and your continued use of the Services constitutes your ongoing
    agreement to the Privacy Policy.
Privacy is of utmost importance. We aim to protect the security and confidentiality of the Personal Data we acquire.
2. Information We Collect
To use the Services, you will be required to fill in and provide the following two categories of information:
    identity information and services information. We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you
    unless you provide it. Therefore, if you do not want us to obtain any personally identifiable information about you,
    please do not submit it to us.
A. Identity information
Neverless may collect the following identity information about you to provide the Service:
name, nationality, gender and date of birth, country of residence, email address, and phone number;
a copy of your passport and/or national driver's licence or government-issued identification card to
        verify your identity;
your residential address, including proof of address such as your bank statements or utility bills;
source of funds
bank account information and credit-related Personal Data including bank statements or tax assessments;
location data;
details of an individual's dealings with us, including telephone records, email, and online interactions;
other personal data that is required for the operation of the platform; and
other information as may be provided by you from time to time when you engage in our Services, respond to
        surveys available on the Services, or communicate with us.
B. Service information
Neverless may collect the following information that helps us to contact you and provide you with the Services, including
    but not limited to:
information relating to the device you use to access the Services, such as the type of device, its operating
        system, unique device identifier, IMEI and/or IP address used, Cookies, and other web technologies;
information about how you use the Services, such as browser type, operating system, referring/exit pages, the
        features of the Services you used or browsed and the time spent on those features, search terms, the links on
        the Services that you clicked on and related data. We use such information to administer the Services and we
        analyse (and may engage third parties) such information; and
location information derived from your IP address or your mobile device's GPS coordinates, if you enable
        location services on your device. We may use location information to improve and personalise the Services for
        you. If you do not want us to collect location information, you may disable that feature on your mobile device.
3. Sources of Information
Wherever possible, Neverless will collect Personal Data and other information directly from you. We collect data and
    process data when you:
register your Neverless Account;
voluntarily provide us with information necessary to access the services;
access our services via your browser or mobile phone cookies.
We will only collect, use and disclose Personal Data with your consent, your deemed consent, or as may be otherwise
    permitted under other applicable laws. In addition to the Personal Data you provide to us, certain information
    related to you that is not considered Personal Data under applicable laws may also be collected.
Neverless may collect Personal Data and other information from other sources, such as our affiliates, our service
    providers, or our affiliates’ service providers; public websites or other publicly accessible directories and
    sources, including bankruptcy registers, tax authorities, governmental agencies and departments, and regulatory
    authorities; and/or from credit reporting agencies, sanctions screening databases, or from sources designed to
    detect and prevent fraud or financial crimes. Neverless is not responsible for privacy policies and data protection of
    these other sources, or how they obtain relative information.
If you visit any of the links to third party websites as are listed on the Platform or any link of any of our third
    party partners, you shall agree to and comply with the separate and independent Privacy Policy of such third party
    websites. We will not bear any liability for the contents and activities of such websites or the partners.
4. Use Of Your Information
We will use your information that we collect for the following purposes or in the following ways:
Set up your Neverless Account and provide the Services, including all underlying activities necessary to provide the
        services;
Maintain records of your transactions, and provide support to your account generally;
Identify and authenticate your access to the Services;
Authenticate your identity for the purpose of compliance with regulatory Know Your Customer and Anti-Money
        Laundering requirements, applicable law, our policies, and procedures;
Send you relevant push notifications, which are based on different activities offered by the Services;
Communicate with you and keep you informed of our latest updates and newsletters.
Market our Website, Platform, and Services;
Serve you personalised advertisements when you use the Services;
Perform research or conduct analytics in order to improve and customise the Services to your needs and
        interests, as well as other marketing activities;
Support and troubleshoot the Services and respond to your queries;
Enforce and/or investigate violations of our agreements, policies, procedures, and/or Terms of Use;
Detect and prevent fraudulent and illegal activity or any other type of activity that may jeopardise or
        negatively affect the integrity of the Services; and
Investigate violations and enforce our policies, and as required by law, regulation, or other governmental
        authority, comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or respond to a government request.
Perform other tasks and duties as per the Terms and Conditions.
5. Sharing of Information
We do not disclose your Personal Data to any third parties, except to those who require access to the data in order
    to perform their tasks and duties and to share with third parties who have a legitimate purpose for accessing it,
    including our affiliates, service providers, partners, principals, auditors and other third parties for purposes of
    maintaining and improving the Services, performing Services on our behalf, advertising campaigns or other activities
    in connection with the Services.
We may share your Personal Data with governmental and regulatory authorities and entities, either at our own will or
    legal obligation or under a lawful request, including, but not limited to law enforcement authorities, regulatory
    agencies, self-regulatory agencies, and other appropriate agencies in connection with suspected or real fraud or
    other unlawful activities, prevent harm or financial loss. This includes sharing Personal Data in response to
    subpoenas, warrants, court orders, disclosures or other legal or investigative proceedings.
6. Retention of Information
We are required under applicable laws and regulatory requirements to retain certain information, including, but not
    limited to, Personal Data of Users, User profiles, identification verification materials, and the information we
    used to satisfy our Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) obligations, account information,
    account agreements, and other agreements, account statements, and other records.
Such records are generally retained as required by law, rule, or regulation, or for the minimum amount of time
    necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it was collected.
Should you decide to close your Account, we may retain copies of information about you and any transactions or
    services in which you may have participated in accordance with applicable law and for a period of time that is
    consistent with such law, the applicable statute of limitations, or as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply
    with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, to detect or prevent fraud, to collect fees
    owed, to resolve disputes, to address problems with our services and products, to assist with investigations, to
    enforce any of our terms and conditions or other applicable agreements or policies, or to take any other actions
    consistent with applicable law. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data.
7. Security of Data
We strive to ensure that our systems are secure and that they meet industry standards. We seek to protect non-public
    Personal Data that is provided to Neverless by third parties and you by implementing physical and electronic safeguards.
    Where we believe appropriate, we employ firewalls, intrusion prevention, encryption technology, user authentication
    systems (i.e. passwords and personal identification numbers), and access control mechanisms to control access to
    systems and data. We endeavour to engage service providers that have security and confidentiality policies of such
    service providers to have access to users’ Personal Data. We instruct our employees to use strict standards of
    care in handling the personal financial information of users. As a general policy, our staff will not discuss or
    disclose information regarding an account except with authorised personnel of our service providers, as required by
    applicable law and regulatory requirements law or, pursuant to a regulatory request and/or authority.
Despite our efforts to protect the security of your information, no security system is always effective and we cannot
    guarantee that our systems will be completely secure. We will take reasonable steps and use technical,
    administrative, and physical security measures appropriate to the nature of the information and that comply with
    applicable laws to protect Personal Data and other information against unauthorised access and exfiltration,
    acquisition, theft, or disclosure. Although we take enhanced steps to safeguard information, given the nature of
    information security, there is no guarantee that such measures will always be successful. We cannot be responsible
    for the acts of those who gain unauthorised access or abuse the Services, and we make no warranty, express, implied,
    or otherwise, that such access will be prevented.
8. User's Rights
Neverless would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the
    following:
The right to access your Personal Data: you have the right to request Neverless for copies of your personal data. We
        may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectify your Personal Data: You have the right to request that Neverless correct any information you
        believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Neverless to complete the information you believe is
        incomplete.
The right to erase your Personal Data: You have the right to request that Neverless erase your personal data, under
        certain conditions.
The right to restrict the processing of your Personal Data: You have the right to request that Neverless restrict the
        processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing: You have the right to object to Neverless's processing of your personal
        data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability: You have the right to request that Neverless transfer the data that we have collected
        to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
withdraw consent to process your Personal Data (which shall also mean that the Services will no longer be
        provided to you).
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: privacy@neverless.com
You may request to delete your Personal Data, with the exception that we may refuse your deletion request in certain
    circumstances, such as compliance with law or legal purposes.
While we aim to respond to these requests free of charge, we reserve the right to charge you a reasonable fee should
    your request be repetitive or onerous. If a User fails to fulfil the above responsibilities and causes damage to the
    information and dignity of another person, the User may be held liable in accordance with relevant laws.
9. Use of Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour
    information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or
    similar technology.
We use cookies in order to provide better service, facilitate the use of our Platform, track usage of our Services,
    collect data, and address certain security issues. When you access our Services, we may send the cookies to your
    computer or phone. Your computer or phone stores the cookie in a file located inside your web browser. The cookies
    help us keep track of your visits to our Website and your activity with our Website and Services to understand how
    you interact with us.
We may link the information collected by cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy
    Policy and use the combined information as set forth herein.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: allow us to provide basic website functions such as browsing capabilities and secure
        access.
Functional Cookies: allow our website to provide enhanced functionality. For example, we use these cookies to
        notify you of account updates, notifications, and reminders. You may refuse to accept these cookies; however,
        this may affect access to certain parts of our website. Additionally, you may not be able to take advantage of
        personalised features.
Performance/Analytics Cookies: These cookies may be set on our website by our advertising and marketing service
        providers and partners. They are used to track online activities and help us provide relevant advertising,
        links, or other information about our services and products to users visiting other websites after visiting our
        website. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to
        improve the efficiency of the website. We also use third party tools to collect information about your use of
        the Services. Third party tools collect information such as how often users access the Services, what pages they
        visit when they do so, the device used, the IP address. We use the information we get from third party tools
        only to improve our Services. Third party tools collect the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit
        sites, rather than your name or other identifying information.
In addition to cookies, we use pixels to measure our marketing campaigns and to understand how users navigate
        and process the content on our website and interact with our services.
We use growth, engagement, and analytic tools of third party advertising networks.
10. How to Control Cookies
Your browser is likely set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive them, you can alter the
    configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies (as explained
    below), it is possible that some areas of our website will not function properly when you view them.
11. Advertisements and Advertising Tools
A. General
Neverless would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like, as well as
    those of our partner companies.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt-out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Neverless from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to other
    members of Neverless.
B. Advertisements
We may use third party advertising technology to serve advertisements when you use the Services. This technology uses
    your information with regards to your use of the Services to serve advertisements to you (e.g. by placing
    third-party cookies on your web browser). We may also use our third parties and share with them Users’
    information to assist us in evaluating the success of our advertising campaigns and help us retarget our Users.
12. Minors
The Services are not designated for individuals under the age of 18. If you are under 18 years old, you should not
    download the Application, use the Services, or provide any Personal Data to us. We reserve the right to access and
    verify any Personal Data collected from you. In the event that we become aware that an individual under the age of
    18 has shared any information, we will delete such information within a reasonable time. If you have any reason to
    believe that an individual under the age of 18 has shared any information with us, please contact us at
    privacy@neverless.com
13. Updates on the Privacy Policy
Neverless reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. You should review our Privacy Policy frequently. If
    we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, our revised Privacy Policy will be posted on our website and it will
    either be noted on our website that material changes have been made or we will notify our clients by email. The date
    of the most recent update to our Privacy Policy will be set forth in this Privacy Policy.
14. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about Neverless's privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise
    one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us at
    privacy@neverless.com with the subject “Privacy Request”, which is the only valid and
    official email through which we will communicate with you in respect to our Privacy Policy, and we will not bear any
    liability for your failure to use effective contact information, any act, or omission.
1. Introduction
2. Information We Collect
3. Sources of Information
4. Use Of Your Information
5. Sharing of Information
6. Retention of Information
7. Security of Data
8. User's Rights
9. Use of Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
10. How to Control Cookies
11. Advertisements and Advertising Tools
12. Minors
13. Updates on the Privacy Policy
14. How to Contact Us