Privacy Policy
AI Voice Changer - Prankster
With the given policy, we notify the laws, rules, limitations, conditions,
and terms of services when you use our app.
1. Privacy Policy
We recognise that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy applies to all apps under the publisher name of
“Pravin Gondaliya”
. We has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you can understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage, statistics, input while using our apps would be collected.
2. Personal Information That We May Collect
We may collect any personal information which specifically identifies you as an individual and might include your Name, Email Address and Phone Number. AI Voice Changer - Prankster will utilise your personal information to notify you about updates on the website, communicate with your regarding your account or provide offers.
3. Non Personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our App. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our App, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilised and other similar information.
4. How We Use Collected Information
We may use your information only for serving you better as below:
To personalise user experience
To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and develop our services
We may collect your non-personal information and use them for our market and promotion purpose, for example, we may promote or recommend more relevant apps to you.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of our Apps, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of our apps, technical and security notices). We use permission like NSCameraUsageDescription, NSAppleMusicUsageDescription, NSPhotoLibraryAddUsageDescription, NSMicrophoneUsageDescription, kTCCServiceMediaLibrary.
5. How Your Information May Be Disclosed
Personal Information. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
Non-Personal Information. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
We not disclose your non-personal information for promotion purpose.
6. How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and practices and security measures to protect against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our App. Our App is in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
7. Third-Party Sites
In general, the Applications, the Services and the Site access third party information (such as your Facebook account information) through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as Facebook, as a service to our Users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Services or the Site. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us.
8. Users With Whom You Share Your Information
We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other Users using an Application, the Services or the Site (including via Forums) or how such other Users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.
9. Security
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorised access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorised access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
10. Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not to disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organisations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
11. Advertising
We Ads appearing on our app may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognise your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. We use Google AdSense and Facebook Audience Network SDK for advertisements in our apps. We don't collect any personally identifiable data.
12. Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based ion their visit to our App and other apps on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc.
13. Facebook Audience Network
There could be errors in the programming and sometime errors may cause unwanted side effects.
14. Changes To This Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.
If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Services and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the Services or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.
11. Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, your dealings with below email, please contact us at:
Email :
vvinfotech19@gmail.com
Thank You