Dublin Dicovery Trails App - Privacy Policy
This privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) applies to the treatment of personally identifiable information submitted by, or otherwise obtained from, you in connection with the associated application (“Application”). The Application is provided by Peel Interactive (and may be provided by Peel Interactive on behalf of Dublin City Council as licensor or partner (“Application Partner”). By using or otherwise accessing the Application, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Statement.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES THE APP TAKE?
We do not collect or process any personal data from or about you when you use the application. We collect anonymous usage data when you use the App, this is to help us understand usage activity and to help us further develop the Application.
WHAT ANONYMISED DATA DOES THE APP RECORD OR TRANSMIT?
On behalf of our Application Partner, we record general usage analytics limited to install numbers, app usage duration, and data on what features are most downloaded and visited. This is to aid further development of the app and helps us analyse the general performance. The data collected
is completely anonymous and follows the data privacy guidelines set out by both apple and google app stores. This information is only used internally by Peel Interactive and our Application Partner.
CAN CHILDREN USE THE APPLICATION?
The application is intended for a family audience, however it is recommended children under the age of 13 should use the application with a responsible adult especially in regards to the use of augmented reality. A warning of augmented reality usage risk is shown clearly before any augmented reality features within the application and is listed within this policy document.
AUGMENTED REALITY SAFETY
Children! Please ensure you are supervised by an adult whilst using this app. Get them to help you. Adults! Ensure that children are safe to use augmented reality and that the space is free of hazards. Watch out for those around you and the user, make sure the device is held securely and be aware of any tripping hazards, other people or obstacles when moving.
DATA USAGE
This application uses an internet/data connection to download video data and text content. The app will attempt to use as little data as possible. Please ensure you have the bill-payers permission before using this app. There are no in-app purchases.
CONDITIONS OF USE
If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application, your use/access and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the United Kingdom Law.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
Peel Interactive may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the date shown. Any additional changes to the data collected will be notified in this document, updated on the apps stores and any addition would be highlighted within the application and made entirely optional to the end-user.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the application, please send us a detailed message at apps@peelentertainment.com . We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Futher information regards Dublin City Council general data privacy policies can be found here:
Dublin City Council GDPR Data protection
Effective Date: Dec 1st, 2022