LEGAL NOTICE
Please read these terms of use of this site carefully before browsing it. By connecting to this site, you unreservedly accept these terms and conditions.
MOBILE APPLICATION EDITOR
APPYNESS - Kamel DICHOU
1 Allée Hames - 59910 BONDUES - France
Phone number : 06.63.53.14.85
TERMS OF USE
This site is operated in compliance with French legislation. Use of this site is governed by these terms and conditions. By using the site, you acknowledge having read these conditions and having accepted them. These may be modified at any time and without notice. The publisher cannot be held responsible in any way for misuse of the service.
EDITORIAL MANAGER
Franck Amand
Courriel: franck.amand@lamacchina.ie
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The information contained on this application is as accurate as possible and the application is periodically updated, but may however contain inaccuracies, omissions or gaps. If you notice a gap, error or what appears to be a malfunction, please report it by email, describing the problem as precisely as possible (page causing the problem, action taken, type of mobile device, etc.).
Any downloaded content is done at the risk and peril of the user and under his sole responsibility. Consequently, can not be held responsible for any damage suffered by the user's computer or any loss of data resulting from the download.
Pictures are not contractual.
The hypertext links set up within the framework of this mobile application in the direction of other resources present on the Internet network cannot engage the responsibility of the publisher of the site.
ACCESS RIGHTS
Pursuant to this law, mobile users have the right to access, rectify, modify and delete data concerning them personally. This right can be exercised electronically at the following email address:
support@appyness.fr
.
The personal information collected is in no way entrusted to third parties except for the possible proper performance of the service ordered by the mobile user.
PRIVACY
Your personal data is confidential and will in no case be communicated to third parties except for the proper performance of the service.
BACKGROUND LOCATION
This application collects location data in the background of your phone for the reception of notification following your position even when the application is closed.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All content on this site, including, but not limited to, graphics, images, text, videos, animations, sounds, logos, gifs and icons as well as their formatting are the exclusive property of the site editor. exception of trademarks, logos or content belonging to other partner companies or authors.
Any reproduction, distribution, modification, adaptation, retransmission or publication, even partial, of these various elements is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the site editor. This representation or reproduction, by any process whatsoever, constitutes an infringement punishable by articles L.3335-2 and following of the Intellectual Property Code. Failure to comply with this prohibition constitutes an infringement which may engage the civil and criminal liability of the counterfeiter. In addition, the owners of the copied Content may take legal action against you.
In addition, the formatting of this site required the use of external sources for which we have acquired the rights or whose rights of use are open.
INFORMATION AND DISCLAIMER
The publisher implements all the means at its disposal to ensure reliable information and reliable updating of its websites. However, errors or omissions may occur. The user must therefore ensure the accuracy of the information with the editorial manager, and report any changes to the site that he or she deems useful. The editorial manager is in no way responsible for the use made of this information, and for any direct or indirect damage that may result.
HYPERTEXT LINKS
The applications allow the opening of links to websites or other resources available on the Internet.
The editorial manager has no means to control the sites in connection with these websites and is not responsible for the availability of such sites and external sources, nor does it guarantee it. It cannot be held responsible for any damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from the content of these sites or external sources, and in particular from the information, products or services they offer, or from any use that may be made of these elements. The risks associated with this use are entirely the responsibility of the mobile user, who must comply with their conditions of use.