Weather Forecast Privacy Policy
Weather Forecast is a product provided by Weather Forecast Developer (hereinafter referred to as "us"). When you use our services, we may collect and use your relevant information. We hope to explain to you through this Privacy Policy how we collect, use, store and share this information when using our services, and how we provide you with access, update, control and protection of this information. This Privacy Policy is closely related to the Weather Forecast service you use. We hope you can read it carefully and make appropriate choices according to the guidance of this Privacy Policy when necessary. The relevant technical terms involved in this Privacy Policy shall be described concisely and concisely as far as possible, and links for further explanation shall be provided for your understanding.
Your use or continued use of our services means that you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your relevant information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or related matters, please go to Weather Forecast Developer Com.
1. Information we collect
Log information refers to the information that the system may collect through cookies, identifiers and related technologies when you use our services, including your device information, browsing information, and click information, and store such information as log information to provide you with personalized user experience and ensure service security. You can deny or manage the use of cookies, identifiers, or related technologies through browser settings.
2. Information storage
2.1 Information storage mode and duration
We will store your information in a secure way, including local storage (for example, using APP for data caching), databases and server logs.
Generally, we will only store your personal information within the time necessary to achieve the service purpose or under the conditions specified by laws and regulations.
2.2 Notification when products or services stop operation
When our products or services stop operating, we will notify you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete your personal information or anonymize within a reasonable period of time, unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations.
3. How we use information
We may use the information collected in the process of providing services to you for the following purposes:
Provide services to you;
When we provide services, it is used for authentication, customer service, security, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;
Help us design new services and improve our existing services;
Let us better understand how you access and use our services, so as to respond to your personalized needs, such as language settings, location settings, personalized help services and instructions, or make other responses to you and other users;
Provide you with advertisements that are more relevant to you to replace the advertisements that are generally put on;
Evaluate and improve the effect of advertising and other promotion and promotion activities in our service;
Software certification or management software upgrade;
Let you participate in the survey about our products and services.
4. Information sharing
At present, we will not actively share or transfer your personal information to a third party. If there are other situations where we share or transfer your personal information or you need us to share or transfer your personal information to a third party, we will directly or confirm that the third party has obtained your express consent to the above actions.
For the purpose of advertising, evaluating and optimizing the advertising effect, we need to share some of your data with third-party partners such as advertisers and their agents, and require them to strictly comply with our measures and requirements on data privacy protection, including but not limited to processing according to the data protection agreement, letter of commitment and relevant data processing policies, so as to avoid identifying personal identity and ensure privacy security.