Privacy Policy
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
AppsHand built the Mobile App app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by AppsHand at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Mobile App unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app:
Admob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Cloud
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
OneSignal
Expo
RevenueCat
When you use the app, we may collect information about you, including:
Photographs you provide when you use the app.
Via your camera or camera roll (if you have granted us permission to access your camera or camera roll), the in-app internet search functionality. We obtain only the specific images you chose to modify using the app. We do not collect your photo albums even if you grant us your access to them.
Face data.
When you provide the photographs while using the app if applicable we may use Face Detection SDKs for landmarks detection.
App usage information.
Such as information about how you use the App and interact with us, including your preferred language, the date and time when you first installed the App and the date and time you last used the App.
Device data.
Such as your computer and mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, device ID, push tokens, Google Advertising ID, Apple ID for Advertising, browser type, screen resolution, IP address (and the associated country in which you are located), the website you visited before visiting our Site; and other information about the device you are using to visit the App.
Online activity data.
Such as information about your use of and actions on the App and the Sites, including pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and length of access. Our service providers and certain third parties (e.g., online advertising networks and their clients) also may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites and mobile applications. This information may be collected on our site using cookies, browser web storage (also known as locally stored objects, or “LSOs”) and similar technologies. We may collect this information directly or through our use of third-party software development kits (“SDKs”). SDKs may enable third parties to collect information directly from our App.
Purchase history.
If you choose to purchase an App subscription, such as confirmation that you are a paid subscriber to the App.
Information Use
AppsHand strongly believes that you have the right to control the use of your personal information, and that your privacy must be respected. We strictly limit the collection and processing of your personal data, and to the best of our abilities we will work only with other organisations who do the same. We will not use personal data that you provide to us in a manner inconsistent with the purposes for which you provided it to us.
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety.
We may use your personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or Appropriate to: (a) protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (b) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
To operate and improve the App.
Enable you to use the App’s features, provide technical support and maintenance for the app and perform statistical analysis about use of the app.
To display advertisements to you.
If you use the free version of the app, we work with advertising partners to display advertisements within the App. These advertisements are delivered by our advertising partners and may be targeted based on your use of the app or your activity elsewhere online.
To create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data.
We may create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes.
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
Information Sharing
We do not rent or sell your personal data, including photos and videos, to any third parties outside the company or its affiliates.
We may share your personal data with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that we are part of, including our subsidiaries (“affiliates”). The affiliates act as our data processors and may perform data processing on our behalf (e.g., providing technical support or conducting analytics). Such Affiliates are bound by appropriate contractual safeguards in place.
We also may share your personal data, and other collected information with third-party organizations such as contractors and service providers that we use to support our business and who are bound by confidentiality and data protection terms (consistent with this Privacy Policy) to keep your personal data confidential and use it only based on our instructions (“Service Providers”).
Such Service Providers include:
Cloud providers Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services, which we use when you choose to upload your photos or videos to AppsHand's app.
Third-party analytics, as specified in this Privacy Policy.
Email delivery services
For the avoidance of doubt, we do not share or transfer your photos, videos and other data to third parties (except temporarily storing your photos, videos and face data to our cloud providers Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services to provide online processing function, and thereafter deleting such photos, videos and other data as described in this Privacy Policy). We use only secure places of storage, such as Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services. Google LLC and Amazon Web Services, Inc. are located in the United States of America.
How we process your Photos, Videos and Face Data
We care about your privacy. With this in mind, most processing activities occur on your device only. There are, however, there are exceptions to it:
When using the app's functionality we may use third party SDKs or APIs solutions. The only information which may be collectible while using previously mentioned solutions is face landmarks detection. This is required to provide you with the functionalities (checking the provided photo for presence of a person on it and face landmarks detection) of the app when applicable. Third-party service providers used by the app:
Google (ML KIT)
Google (Firebase)
Google (Reverse Image Search)
Google (Google Cloud Platform)
We store your original photo, video or face data on our servers for no longer than 24 hours. Within 24 hours your data is deleted. All data handling is secure and being executed by GCP (Google Cloud Platform) thus preventing any unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary elsewhere in this Privacy Policy:
We do not use the photos, videos and face data you provide when you use the app for any reason other than to provide you with the functionalities of the app.
We do not use photos, videos or face data to identify any individual user.
We do not use your photos, videos or face data for authentication, advertising, or marketing purposes, or to otherwise target a user in a similar manner.
We do not use your photos, videos or face data to build a user profile, or otherwise attempt, facilitate, or encourage third parties to identify anonymous users or reconstruct user profiles based on your photos, videos or face data.
We do not transfer, share, sell, or otherwise provide your photos, videos or face data to advertising platforms, analytics providers, data brokers, information resellers or other such parties.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services;
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2022-10-13
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at support@appshand.com.
Your ulitmate email solution to grow business and engaging with future customers and clients.
Ask Question
Legal
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contacts
Feel free to get in touch with us.
support@appshand.com
© AppsHand
2025
, All Rights Reserved