Discover
Sign In
Register
Help
Beelivery - Sign In
Email:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Please wait...
Don't have an account?
Register
Or sign in with:
Continue with Google
Continue with Google
By registering you agree to our
terms and conditions
.
Beelivery - Create a new account
First name:
Last name:
Email:
Password:
Beelivery would like to provide you with discounts, offers & news about our services by email. Please tick the box if you DO NOT wish to receive these emails. You can opt-out at any time. Please see our
Privacy Statement
.
Please wait...
Already have an account?
Sign In
By registering you agree to our
terms and conditions
.
Terms & Conditions
Customer Terms & Conditions
Driver Terms & Conditions
Agreement between Driver & Customer
Privacy Statement
App Location Services Privacy Policy
Website Disclaimer
Promotional Terms
Customer Terms and Conditions
We Deliver Local Limited Customer Terms
We Deliver Local Limited and Beelivery International Limited trading as 'Beelivery' ("Beelivery") provide website features to you when you visit or shop at www.beelivery.com (the "Website") ("Beelivery Services").  Please see our Privacy Notice and our Cookies Notice to understand how we collect and process your personal information through Beelivery Services. Beelivery provides the Beelivery Services and sells the services to you subject to the conditions set out on this page.
Contracting Entity:
a. If you are a resident of the United Kingdom, your use of the Website and any resulting legal relationship will be with We Deliver Local Limited.
b. If you are a resident of any other country, your use of the Website and any resulting legal relationship will be with Beelivery International Limited.
Conditions of Use
Please read these conditions carefully before using Beelivery Services. By using Beelivery Services, you confirm your agreement to be bound by these conditions.  When you use a Beelivery Service (for example Beelivery applications for mobile), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable to that Beelivery Service ("Service Terms"). If these Conditions of Use are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.
Our agreement with you is solely in relation to the provision of software to enable you to order a delivery and the terms of this Conditions of Use only become binding when a delivery driver agrees to deliver your order and enters into a contract with you on the terms of a delivery agreement between you and the driver.
Beelivery is not responsible for the delivery driver who makes the delivery to you, nor for the items that he/she delivers. However, we do take all reasonable steps to assist in ensuring that you are happy with the service that your delivery driver provides to you.
After you order, we attempt to find your driver who can purchase the items that you have ordered on your behalf and to deliver them to you. By placing an order, you agree that we can share your personal details (including location and phone number) with nearby drivers. We cannot guarantee delivery or fulfillment of all the items within your order and if we cannot find your driver within 40 minutes of the time that you place your order, we will cancel the order and send you an email or text message notifying you of cancellation.
We use your card details to pre-authorise payment for your items. We then take payment on delivery by your driver. Beelivery will provide you with a secure PIN, which, you will be required to provide your driver upon delivery. It is your responsibility to keep this PIN secure and not provide it until the point of delivery. Beelivery accepts no liability for loss or unauthorised use of this PIN. By providing the PIN number that we have given you to your driver, you will confirm receipt of the delivery.
When you initiate a transaction with Beelivery, our third party payment provider will authorise your payment for the full amount of your purchase. 
              If you cancel your order before a driver has been assigned, you will automatically be refunded in full. 
              If you cancel your order once a driver has been assigned, you will be receive a refund, less the Cancellation Fee. 
              Once a driver has completed the order and is on the way to your location, your order will be charged in full and you will not be able to cancel.
              If the driver cannot contact you upon arrival at your location, your goods will be left at the property and you will be charged in full. As age restricted items cannot be left without the driver seeing the correct ID, these will not be left but you will still be charged.
If you cannot resolve a complaint with your driver to your satisfaction, you may contact us and we will assist in finding a resolution.
1. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you use any Beelivery Service or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We will communicate with you electronically in a variety of ways, such as by e-mail, text, in-app push notices or by posting e-mail messages or communications on the website or through the other Beelivery Services. For contractual purposes, you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing, unless mandatory applicable laws specifically require a different form of communication.
2. RECOMMENDATIONS AND PERSONALISATION
As part of the Beelivery Services, we may recommend features, products, and services, including third party ads that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalise your experience.
3. COPYRIGHT, AUTHORS' RIGHTS AND DATABASE RIGHTS
All content included in or made available through any Beelivery Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and data compilations is the property of Beelivery or its content suppliers copyright, authors' rights and database right laws. You may not extract and/or re-utilise parts of the content of any Beelivery Service without our express written consent. You may also not create and/or publish your own database that features substantial parts of any Beelivery Service (e.g. our prices and product listings) without our express written consent.
4. TRADEMARKS
Graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any Beelivery Service are trademarks or trade dress of Beelivery. Beelivery's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Beelivery's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits Beelivery. All other trademarks not owned by Beelivery that appear in any Beelivery Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Beelivery.
5. LICENCE AND ACCESS
Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and applicable Service Terms, Beelivery or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable licence to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Beelivery Services. This licence does not include any resale or commercial use of any Beelivery Service or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of any Beelivery Service or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Beelivery or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rights holders, or other content providers. No Beelivery Service, nor any part of any Beelivery Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent. You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Beelivery without our express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilising Beelivery's names or trademarks without our express written consent.
You may not misuse the Beelivery Services. You may use the Beelivery Services only as permitted by law. The licences granted by Beelivery terminate if you do not comply with these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms.
6. YOUR ACCOUNT
You may need your own Beelivery account to use certain Beelivery Services, and you may be required to be logged into the account and have a valid payment method associated with it.
If you use any Beelivery Service you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and to the extent permitted by applicable law you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be used in an unauthorised manner. You are responsible for ensuring that the details you provide us with are correct and complete, and for informing us of any changes to the information you have provided.
You must not use any Beelivery Service: (i) in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, any Beelivery Service, or any access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way, or (ii) for fraudulent purposes, or in connection with a criminal offence or other unlawful activity, or (iii) to cause annoyance, inconvenience or anxiety.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or remove or edit content if you are in breach of applicable laws, these Conditions of Use or any other applicable terms and conditions, guidelines or policies.
7. THIRD PARTY BUSINESSES
Parties other than Beelivery will provide the products as advertised on this website. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the products of, any of these third party businesses or individuals. Beelivery does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions or products, of all of these or any other third parties.
8. BEELIVERY'S ROLE
Beelivery provides a platform for you to order products from third party sellers. While Beelivery as a service provider helps facilitate transactions that are carried out on the Beelivery website, Beelivery is neither the buyer nor the seller of the advertised products. Beelivery provides a service for customers to order products and complete transactions. Accordingly, the contract formed at the completion of a sale for these third party products is between you and the driver we procure to fulfill your order. Beelivery is not a party to this contract nor assumes any responsibility arising out of or in connection with it nor is it the drivers agent.
9. LIABILITY
We will do our utmost to ensure that availability of the Beelivery Services will be uninterrupted and that transmissions will be error-free. However, due to the nature of the internet, this cannot be guaranteed. Also, your access to Beelivery Services may also be occasionally suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage in contract, negligence or otherwise where:
• 	There is no breach of a legal duty of care owed to you by us
•  	The loss or damage is not a reasonably foreseeable result of an such breach
• 	Any loss or damage (or increase in loss or damage) results from a breach by you of these terms and conditions
• 	Nothing in these Terms and Conditions excludes or limits our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or for death or personal injury caused by our negligence
• 	Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect your statutory rights
10. AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS OF USE
We reserve the right to make changes to any Beelivery Services, policies, terms and conditions including these Conditions of Use, and Service Terms at any time. You will be subject to the terms and conditions, policies and Conditions of Use in force at the time that you use the Beelivery Services. If any of these Conditions of Use is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
11. WAIVER
If you breach these Conditions of Use and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Conditions of Use.
12. OUR CONTACT DETAILS
This website is owned and maintained by We Deliver Local Limited. You can write to us
Sherwood House
9 West Street
Congleton
Cheshire CW12 1JN
13. APPLICABLE LAW
These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
Driver Terms and Conditions
We Deliver Local Limited Driver Terms
We Deliver Local Limited Driver Subcontract (Update June 2020)
We Deliver Local Limited trading as 'Beelivery' ("Beelivery") provide website features to customers ("Customer") when they visit or shop at www.beelivery.com or using the Beelivery app (the "Website") ("Beelivery Services"). Following placement of an order on the website Beelivery may sub contract the agreement for services it holds with the Customer to you ("Driver") ("Sub Contract").
WHEREAS:
(A)	By a contract updated June 2020, which can be located on the Website, and made between Beelivery and the Customer, the Customer has contracted with Beelivery to provide certain provision of services (the "Services") (which contract, as the same may be amended over time, is referred to as the "Principal Contract").
(B)	By this Agreement made between Beelivery and the Driver, Beelivery has appointed the Driver as Beelivery's subcontractor in relation to certain of the Services from time to time (which Sub-Contract, as the same may be amended over time, is referred to as the "Agreement").
(C) 	Under the terms of the Principal Contract Beelivery agreed to procure that certain of its Drivers enter into an agreement in the form of this Agreement.
IN CONSIDERATION OF the covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement and the parties hereby agree as follows:
1. 	Duty of Care Undertaking
1.1 The Driver warrants to and undertakes to the Beelivery that:
(a)	it shall comply with all the Driver's obligations under the Agreement and shall perform its duties under the Agreement and under any supplemental agreements entered into after the date of the Agreement varying such duties under the Agreement;
(b)	the Driver will exercise all the reasonable skill care and diligence in its performance of the Agreement; and
(c)	insofar as it is required by the terms of the Agreement to provide information to Beelivery such information shall be supplied properly and in a timely manner.
2. 	Variations to or termination of the Agreement
2.1	Beelivery may, without any prior notice to the Driver:
(a)	make any change to the terms of the Agreement; and/or
(b)	terminate, seek to terminate, treat the same as having been repudiated or discontinue the performance of its duties and responsibilities under the Agreement in each case without the prior written consent of the Driver.
3.	 Assignment
3.1	The Driver shall not be entitled to assign transfer, charge or otherwise dispose of all or any of its rights or liabilities arising under this Agreement.
3.2	Beelivery shall be entitled without the consent of the Driver to assign all or any of its rights and benefits arising under this Agreement at any time to any person company or other entity.
3.3	Beelivery shall notify the Driver upon each occasion that it shall assign this Agreement.
4.	Notices
4.1	Any notice or other communication (including any service of process or other proceedings) given or made under or in connection with the matters contemplated in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given or made by delivering it by hand or sending the same by prepaid first class recorded delivery post to the relevant address provided to the parties of this Agreement or such other address as shall be notified (in accordance with this Clause) by the party concerned to the other parties.
4.2	Any notice or other communication, if sent by post shall be deemed to have been served 48 hours after posting and, in proving such service, it shall be sufficient to prove that the notice was properly addressed stamped and put into the post, and if delivered by hand shall be deemed to have been served on such delivery.
5. 	Miscellaneous
5.1	The provisions of this Agreement shall be without prejudice to any other right of 	action that Beelivery may have in tort or otherwise.
5.2	By accepting the Services from Beelivery the Driver confirms to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
5.3	A person who is not a party to this Agreement shall have no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any of its terms.
5.4	No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall impair such right, power or privilege or be construed as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
5.5	No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and communicated to the relevant party in writing.
5.6	The Driver will be an independent contractor and nothing in this Agreement shall render the Driver Beelivery's employee, worker, agent or partner and the Driver shall not hold itself out as such.
5.7	The Driver is insured as required by the DVLA to perform the Services from time to time, and hereby warrants and guarantees to Beelivery that it shall adhere to all applicable laws and regulations required of it in the performance of the Services. Beelivery accepts no liability for breach by the Driver of any law or regulation.
5.8	The Driver agrees to promptly to provide the information in relation to the Drivers identity and right to work that Beelivery may request from time to time.
5.9	The Driver agrees that Beelivery may contact the Driver with details of a delivery at any time that you specify by way of our app that you are available to provide the Services. Each delivery will be allocated to the first driver to respond to those details.
5.10	Beelivery provides no guarantee in relation to a minimum number of deliveries (or indeed any deliveries) that will be offered to the Driver. When the Driver agrees to make a delivery, the Driver will be bound to the terms of this Agreement.
5.11	The Driver must fulfill the terms of this Agreement using its own money (where necessary including e items in accordance with our substitution policy), enter the prices of the items in our app (marking any items that are out of stock) and deliver the items to the address by the time specified in the order. Once delivery is complete, you must confirm this by way of our app.
5.12	Beelivery will (subject to receiving from the Driver a valid copy of the receipt it obtains from the shop(s)) pay the Driver the price charged by the shop(s) for the items delivered and the agreed delivery fee, the day after delivery. The Driver agrees that we are entitled to retain a service fee per order which is calculated by subtracting the following amounts from the amount paid to us by the Customer: the agreed delivery fee and any bonus; and the amounts applicable to the products which are purchased for the Customer. Any sums that Beelivery pays to the Customer for compensation as a result of the Driver failing fully to fulfil their obligations under this Agreement may be deducted from the agreed delivery fee.
5.13	The Driver warrants not to contact a Customer except for reasons that are directly connected with the delivery. You should not make a delivery under this Agreement to a Customer unless the Customer has been specifically referred to the Driver from Beelivery via the app.
5.14	Beelivery grants the Driver a non-exclusive license to use the app. The Driver agrees that it will only use the app in accordance with Beelivery's instructions and that it will not do anything in relation to the app, which is inconsistent with the ownership of the app. In particular, the Driver warrants that it will keep its password for the app confidential and will not allow anyone else to use the app.
5.15	If the Driver is delivering alcohol or tobacco and the Customer appears to be under the age of 25, the Driver warrants to obtain proof of identity from the Customer in the form of either a driving license or passport for proof of age. No other proof of age is acceptable. If the Customer cannot provide this valid ID, the Driver must not provide alcohol or tobacco this to the Customer and shall attempt to return any alcohol or tobacco to the shop where it was bought for a refund. The Driver will still be paid for the delivery.
5.16	The Driver agrees that it will permit Beelivery such rights in relation to the device that it uses to provide the Services as Beelivery requires to track your location. This is to enable Beelivery to send the Driver orders for delivery in its location, for Customers to track its progress, prevent fraud and improve the Beelivery service. Beelivery will only use the personal data that we acquire as a result for these purposes.
5.17	The Driver must report any discrepancies in payments within 14 days and mistakes will not be rectified after this time.
5.18    The Driver may appoint a substitute to perform the Services on its behalf, provided that the substitute is insured as required by the DVLA. We will continue to pay the Driver the agreed fee as provided in section 5.12 and the Driver shall be responsible for the remuneration of, and any expenses incurred by, the substitute. For the avoidance of doubt the Driver will not be paid for any period during which neither the Driver nor any substitute provide the Services. The Driver will continue to be subject to all duties and obligations under this Agreement for the duration of the appointment of the substitute.
5.19    The Driver is responsible for providing, funding and maintaining their own vehicle and equipment in the provision of the Services and must bear their own expenses.
5.20	The Driver may be engaged or concerned in any other business, trade, profession or other activity so long as such activity does not cause a breach of the Driver's obligations under the Agreement once the Driver agrees to make a delivery.
5.21	The Driver shall have personal liability for and shall indemnify Beelivery for any loss, liability, costs or expenses arising from any breach by the Driver, or any substitute engaged under this Agreement, of the terms of this Agreement, including any negligent or reckless act, omission or default in the provision of the Services.
5.22	The Driver shall be fully responsible for and indemnify Beelivery against any employment-related claim or any claim based on worker status brought by the Driver or any substitute against Beelivery and any liability, assessment or claim for taxation howsoever arising from or made in connection with the performance of the Services.
6.	Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement shall be governed by English Law and be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Agreement between Driver and Customer
We Deliver Local Limited (‘Beelivery’): Driver/Customer Delivery Agreement
The agreement between you ("The Customer") and the delivery driver and is made when your driver agrees to deliver the items in your order to you. The agreement is on these terms and no other terms.
If a driver is not found then no agreement will be made as the order will be cancelled automatically.
You are responsible for checking a delivery immediately and notifying the driver of any errors in that delivery. Mistakes cannot be rectified later.
All purchases, including alcohol and tobacco, are made directly from local shops. Your driver agrees to buy the purchases from the shop as your agent. This means that if you have any issues with the quality of the items delivered then you should raise them with the shop itself. As some items are weighed and cut to order, refunds may not always be possible unless the items are faulty or not as described.
Your driver is responsible solely for delivery of the items.
You agree to pay your driver the total amount specified in your order which includes the driver’s delivery fee and service fee.
You must be ready at the delivery address at the agreed time as deliveries will not be left without signature and, where applicable, proof of age. If you cannot provide proof of age where required, the relevant items will be returned to the shop and you will be charged a fee.
You must confirm receipt of delivery by providing the PIN number issued by Beelivery to your driver.
Your driver aims to deliver within 90 minutes of you placing your order (or the timescale notified to you at the time of booking). However, occasionally drivers may take longer to deliver due to circumstances outside their control, such as heavy traffic. Likewise, your driver does not guarantee that the items you order will be available. You will not be charged if an item is not available because it is out of stock. If an item does not match the item that you ordered, then you can ask the driver to take it back and you will not be charged for that item.
You can cancel an order by contacting Beelivery. In Scotland, the sale of alcohol is prohibited before 10am and after 10pm. Deliveries of alcohol are prohibited between 12am and 6am.
Privacy Statement
About Beelivery and this Statement
This Privacy Notice aims to give you information on how
We Deliver Local Limited, trading as Beelivery
(referred to as “Beelivery”, "we", "us" or "our") collects and processes personal data. We do this through your use of the Beelivery website and/or mobile app.
We are the controller for all personal data collected when you engage with us via our website, mobile application or directly with us. We take this responsibility very seriously and take appropriate measures and precautions to protect your personal data. Our services are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
This Privacy Statement should be read in conjunction with any other information we provide when you provide your data and when we contact you.
Our Contact Details
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, how your data is processed or if you wish to exercise your data rights, you can contact in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity:
We Deliver Local Limited
Trading as:
Beelivery
Postal address:
Royle Mill, Royle Street, Congleton, CW12 1HR
Email address:
info@beelivery.com
The data we collect about you
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified, or is identifiable. We may collect, store use and transfer different kinds of personal data, which we have broadly grouped together as follows:
Identity data - includes first name, last name, username, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact data - includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial data - includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction data - includes details about payments to and from you and other details of services you have purchased from us.
Technical data - includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile data - includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage data - includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and communications data - includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
For our drivers, we also process includes your vehicle registration number, driving license details, any Know Your Customer (KYC) details you supply and your location in the background, when the mobile app is installed.
We also collect, use and share aggregated data for certain purposes, such as statistical or demographic data. Aggregated data does not reveal identity and therefore is not considered personal data in law. For example, we may aggregate usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website or app feature.
We do not collect or process any ‘special categories’ of personal data - this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data. Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you. For example, to provide goods or services to you. In this situation we might have to cancel a product or service, but if this is the case we will notify you at the time.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you, including:
When you create an account on our website or mobile app
Via direct interactions, e.g. if you give us your identity, contact and/or financial data when filling in forms, or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
agree to marketing communications;
contact us or give us feedback.
As you interact with our website, we automatically collect technical data about your device and browsing actions, as described above. We collect this data using cookies and other similar technologies.
We may also receive data which could be used to identify you from third parties, such as:
website analytics providers;
advertising networks, brokers, aggregators and search providers;
providers of technical and payment services.
Keeping your information up to date
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
How we use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of the purposes for which we use personal data and the lawful bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our ‘legitimate interests’ are, where appropriate.
Purpose / Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing personal data
To register you as a new customer or driver
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver a customer order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(c) To communicate with you about your order
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy statement
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to understand how customers use our products & services)
To enable you to take part in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to understand how customers use our products & services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business, website and mobile app (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website or app content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products & services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website and app updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Data used for deliveries
We provide a customer’s name, address, phone number and the items in the order to the delivery driver in the area, who has agreed to make a delivery, so that he/she may fulfil the delivery. We require our drivers to respect the security of your personal data and to protect it in accordance with the law. We only permit drivers to process your personal data to make your delivery. We do not allow drivers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We may provide the driver's name and phone number to the customer if requested.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for specified purposes, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the lawful basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Marketing and communications
We strive to provide you with choices around the use of your personal data, particularly in relation to marketing and advertising. We may use your personal data to help us understand which products, services and offers may be of interest to you.
If you have agreed to receive email marketing communications you will receive these messages from us. You can unsubscribe at any time using the links provided on each email, or by contacting us using the details given shown above.
Cookies
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Cookies are text files placed on your device when you use a website or app. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
An analytics platform that is used to measure response to TV advertising.
The following cookies are used:
Cookie Name
Type
Purpose
__adal_ca
Persistent
Store which advertising campaign drove a user to visit
__adal_cw
Persistent
Visit timestamp: Tie back conversion events to earlier visits
__adal_id
Persistent
Uniquely identify a device
IDE
Persistent
Uniquely identify a device
_ga
Persistent
Used to distinguish users.
_gid
Persistent
Used to distinguish users.
_ga
Persistent
Used to persist session state.
_gac_gb_
Persistent
If you have linked your Google Analytics and Google Ads accounts, Google Ads website conversion tags use this cookie.
_gcl_au
Persistent
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across web sites using their services.
_fbp
Persistent
Stored when you arrive on the website from a Facebook ad
country
Persistent
Used to store the selected country of the user
Links to other websites
The Beelivery website may include links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. If you click on those links or enable those connections this may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third party websites and are not responsible for their privacy. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy statement of any other website you visit.
Disclosures of your personal data
We only share personal information with third parties for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. These third parties include:
Service providers (acting as data processors) who provide IT and system administration services under contract according to our instructions.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the UK who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
We disclose personal data as and when required to do so by law. Such as HM Revenue & Customs, the Police, regulators and other authorities based in the UK.
Marketing, advertising and website analytics providers.
We do not allow third parties to use personal data for their own marketing purposes, unless you have been informed about these activities and have given your prior consent. In the event we share data with a third party, we require that third party to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
If at any time you request to open an ANNA money account, you agree that we can share your personal data with ANNA / Absolutely No Nonsense Admin Ltd in order to assist and speed up the opening of the account that you requested.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to access the data, in accordance with our instructions. They are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
International transfers
Some of the external third parties we use are based outside the UK and EEA, so their processing of personal data may involve transfers between the UK and the third country in which they are based. Whenever we transfer personal data out of the UK, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We may transfer personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission which give personal data a similar level of protection to that which it has in the UK and EEA.
Data retention
We will only hold your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, financial or other specific requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint, or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
Your legal rights
You have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data:
Request access to your personal data
Request correction of your personal data
Request erasure of your personal data
Object to processing of your personal data
Request restriction of processing your personal data
Request transfer of your personal data
Right to withdraw consent
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us via the contact details above.
Requesting access to your data
You may request access to your personal data - commonly known as a "data subject access request". This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. No fee is usually required. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights) unless your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data, or to exercise any other rights. This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request, to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer, for example if your request is particularly complex or if you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Your right to complain
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We keep our Privacy Statement under regular review any updates will be published on this page. This version was last updated in June 2021.
Location Services Privacy Statement
Customer location data
Customers using the Beelivery mobile application may optionally agree to allow the app to access their location data whilst the mobile app is running. This data comprises the co-ordinates of your location in the form of longitude and latitude. This is used to find the best delivery options in that area.
Delivery driver location data
Delivery drivers may allow the app to access their location in the background. We limit our access, collection, use and sharing of location data acquired through the app to purposes directly related to providing and improving the features of the app. This enables us to send customer delivery invites at times for deliveries close to their current location, and for tracking Beelivery delivery drivers whilst they are out on a delivery.
Beelivery drivers do not need to sign in and out of the app or indicate their working times. For that reason, the app may not be running and drivers still want to be alerted for nearby deliveries that are available. To facilitate this, the app must be able to determine drivers’ location in the background.
How the app collects, uses and shares location data
The Android app uses Google location services to obtain your location and then transmits it to the Beelivery servers where it is used for the above purposes. The iOS app uses Apple location services to obtain your location and then transmits it to the Beelivery servers where it is used for the above purposes.
Sharing of location data
We do not share location data with any third parties, except for law enforcement when we receive a valid request. We do not sell location data. All personal or sensitive user data including location data is handled securely, including transmitting it over secure cryptography.
Website Disclaimer
Website Disclaimer
The information contained in this web site is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by We Deliver Local and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the web site or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the web site for any purpose.
Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this web site Through this web site you are able to link to other web sites which are not under the control of We Deliver Local. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the web site up and running smoothly. However, We Deliver Local takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the web site being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
We Deliver Local, its officers, employees, contractors or content providers shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from or otherwise in connection with your use any information or content on www.wedeliverlocal.co.uk or www.beelivery.com.
Promotional Terms
ZEMPLER BANK £25 WELCOME GIFT OFFER
The £25 welcome gift is exclusively for customers registering as a driver through Beelivery and is paid by Beelivery, not Zempler Bank. Please direct any questions about the offer to Beelivery, not Zempler Bank. Only one claim per customer is permitted.
You are eligible for the £25 welcome gift if you:
Have applied, and been approved for, a Zempler Business Bank Account during your Beelivery driver registration process
Have paid funds into the Zempler Bank Account within 30 days of applying for it
Have selected the Zempler Bank Account as the nominated account to receive Beelivery payouts into, within 30 days of signing up as a Beelivery Driver
The £25 welcome gift will be paid into the account within 30 days of the above steps being completed. Beelivery reserves the right to amend or withdraw this offer at any time without notice.
Current Voucher Codes
£5 OFF CODE
The voucher has a 7 day validity from its issue and is valid off baskets with a value of £20 or more.  The £5 off voucher is not to be used in conjunction with any other offer and is subject to availability.  We reserve the right to change or withdraw this offer at any time. To redeem your voucher, you simply need to add the code on check-out and the voucher will be applied to your basket.  The Promoter is Beelivery, a trading name of We Deliver Local Ltd Company registered in England and Wales.
£10 OFF CODE
The voucher has a 7 day validity from its issue and is valid off baskets with a value of
£30 or more. The £10 off voucher is not to be used in conjunction with any other
offer and is subject to availability. We reserve the right to change or withdraw this
offer at any time. To redeem your voucher, you simply need to add the code on
check-out and the voucher will be applied to your basket. The Promoter is Beelivery,
a trading name of We Deliver Local Ltd Company registered in England and Wales.
FREE DELIVERY CODE
The voucher has a 7 day validity from its issue and deducts the cost of delivery from
the order. It is not to be used in conjunction with any other offer and is subject to
availability. We reserve the right to change or withdraw this offer at any time. To
redeem your voucher, you simply need to add the code on check-out and the
voucher will be applied to your basket. The Promoter is Beelivery, a trading name of
We Deliver Local Ltd and Beelivery International Ltd Companies registered in England and Wales.
SECOND ORDER CODE
The voucher has a 7 day validity from its issue and gives a 10% discount off a
Beelivery order. The 10% off voucher is not to be used in conjunction with any other
offer and is subject to availability. We reserve the right to change or withdraw this
offer at any time. To redeem your voucher, you simply need to add the code on
check-out and the voucher will be applied to your basket. The Promoter is Beelivery,
a trading name of We Deliver Local Ltd and Beelivery International Ltd Companies registered in England and Wales.
SURVEY CODE
The voucher is valid until 23.59 on 31st August 2021. The 10% off voucher is not to be used
in conjunction with any other offer and is subject to availability. We reserve the right to
change or withdraw this offer at any time. To redeem your voucher, you simply need to
enter the code and press ‘Apply’ on check-out and the voucher will be applied to your
basket. The Promoter is Beelivery, a trading name of We Deliver Local Ltd Company
registered in England and Wales.
If you have any questions, visit our
Help Centre
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Read more
Save & Close
Accept all
Decline all
Show details
Hide details