FUNNY SOUNDS PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated July 20, 2021
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using PRANK SOUNDS. This Privacy Policy is aimed to inform you (“You”) as a user of the PRANK SOUNDS, a service available in the related application software distributed via application store(s) (the “App”), collectively referred to as the “Service”, about collection, usage, sharing of Your information:
By choosing to use our Service You: (i) agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this Privacy Policy, (ii) warrant and guarantee that You are over 16 years of age (or are a parent or guardian with such authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for the benefit of an individual under 16 years of age). Please do not use the Service if You do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
Automatically Collected Information
Usage and Log Information. We collect service-related, diagnostic, and performance information. This includes information about your activity (such as how you use our services, how you interact with others using our services, and the like), log files, and diagnostic, crash, and performance logs and reports.
Device and Connection Information. We collect device-specific information when you install, access, or use our services. This includes information such as hardware model, operating system information, browser information, IP address, mobile network information, and device identifiers.
Data Deletion Request
You may request your personal data deletion by contacting us.
Optimizing Our Services
We analyze and optimize to provide you the best of our products using your information included with use and analysis of aggregated data to verify that our websites work properly on all devices.
Customer Services
Your information data delivered or provided directly to us in communications in terms of customer service and through its channels will be used. We may use such information to contact you and to manage your account and relationship with us to improve your experience in our Services.
WE DON’T COLLECT ANY FACE DATA
Our app allows the users to shoot videos while changing the voice effects and making closed caption effects. However, it does not have the function of “recognize faces”. It has nothing to do with "face scanning" or "face recognition”.  Like other common cameras, you can take videos of anything - not limited to face images.
In addition, the shooting is carried out locally on the mobile device, and no video or voice will be uploaded. So there is no possibility of face related privacy leakage.
Uses
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content. We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our technologies and services.
We do not sell or otherwise market your Personal Data to third parties. In rare circumstances, including complying with legal processes, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services we require third parties to comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
This app uses a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible. We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns using the contact information provided and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with the Principles. If a complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through our internal process, we agree to dispute resolution using (an independent resource mechanism) as a third party resolution provider.
Your Rights and Controls
Data Deletion
If you wish to delete any information about you, please contact us knowing that in order to complete the process you must delete our apps and/or games from your mobile devices. There may be some information we will be still holding for other purposes such as protecting legal rights or maintaining financial records and marketing suppression lists.
Children’s Privacy
This Service does not address anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 16. If we discover that a child under 16 has provided us with Personal Information, we shall take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account. If You are a parent or a guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary actions.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us within the app.
Create Your Own Website With
Webador