HSBC SG Life
Help & Support
Useful Information
Take me straight to
Feedback and complaints
What else you need to know
Feedback and complaints
Giving us feedback
Your feedback helps us serve you and all our customers better. It helps us maintain a high standard of service, so we can provide products and services that meet your needs.
If you have any suggestions you'd like to share with us, we want to hear it.
Giving someone a compliment
If you've received exceptional service from someone, we'd love to hear about it too. Our colleagues always appreciate your positive feedback, and we'll be sure to pass your compliment on to them. You can email us at
hsbclife_cares@hsbc.com.sg
To help us pass your compliments to our colleagues, please include:
The name and department of the colleague who assisted you
A short description about the exceptional service they provided
Raising a formal complaint
If our service falls below your expectations, please let us know so we can look into it. You can email us at
hsbclife_cares@hsbc.com.sg
.
To help us address your complaint more quickly, please include:
Your name, email address and preferred contact number
As much information about your complaint as you can
What happens after you raise a complaint?
When can you expect a response?
We'll send you written acknowledgement within 2 business days of receiving your complaint.
We'll then assign your complaint to a case handler, and we'll contact you if we need more information from you.
We'll review you complaint
To get started, we'll make sure we have the information we need from you. If we think we need more information – such as your policy number – we'll contact you.
We'll let you know when we've completed our review
We'll do our best to respond to your complaint within 14 business days. Your case handler will let you know if we need more time before we can resolve the matter and you can expect a final response.
If we find that you've been treated unfairly, we'll put things right offering remedial actions and / or redress. If you find them acceptable, we'll make sure to proceed with the resolution.
If you want to take your complaint further
We have effective measures in place to monitor complaints, including regular audits and management reviews. But if you're not happy with how we resolved your complaint, please let us know soonest. We'll conduct a review to get it sorted.
If – despite our best efforts – you're not entirely satisfied with our resolution, you have the right to refer the matter to the Financial Industry Disputes Resolution Centre Ltd (FIDReC). You can learn more about this process on the
FIDReC website
FIDReC website  This link will open in a new window
.
What else you need to know
Data privacy policy
To learn how we collect and use data, please read our
data privacy policy (PDF, 331KB)
data privacy policy (PDF, 331KB)  This link will open in a new window
.
Policy owner's protection scheme
Your policy may be protected under the policy owner's protection scheme – you can check this on our
list of protected polices (PDF, 908KB)
list of protected polices (PDF, 908KB)  This link will open in a new window
.
To learn more about the policy owner's protection scheme, please see its
consumer guide (PDF, 957KB)
consumer guide (PDF, 957KB)  This link will open in a new window
.
HSBC Life fair dealing mission statement
We'll assess our success against the following five outcomes:
We understand our customers' needs – and design, market and sell products and services that recognise our customers' long-term interests.
We provide products and services that offer a fair exchange of value – which balance both our customer's interests with HSBC's interests, and don't undermine market competition.
We service our customers' ongoing needs and put it right if we make a mistake – ensuring products and standards of service continue to have a positive impact.
We act with integrity in the financial markets we operate in – acting in our customers' interests, and not in ways which manipulate or undermine markets.
We operate resiliently and securely to avoid harm to customers and markets – across digital, physical and operational arrangements to support our customers' needs and the stability of the wider financial system.
Your guides from the Life Insurance Association of Singapore
Your Guide to the Nomination of Insurance Nominees 2015
This guide outlines the Insurance Nomination Law, which came into effect on 1 September 2009. It applies to various types of policies and the steps in making a trust or revocable nomination.
Your Guide to the Nomination of Insurance Nominees 2015 – English (PDF, 7.1MB)
Your Guide to the Nomination of Insurance Nominees 2015 – English (PDF, 7.1MB)  This link will open in a new window
Your Guide to the Nomination of Insurance Nominees 2015 – Chinese (PDF, 4.82MB)
Your Guide to the Nomination of Insurance Nominees 2015 – Chinese (PDF, 4.82MB)  This link will open in a new window
Your Guide to Health Insurance
This guide provides general information on health insurance and the various products that may meet your needs. It gives you the information you should have before you buy any health insurance product or discuss your needs with a Financial Planner.
Your Guide to Health Insurance – English (PDF, 343KB)
Your Guide to Health Insurance – English (PDF, 343KB)  This link will open in a new window
Your Guide to Health Insurance – Chinese (PDF, 486KB)
Your Guide to Health Insurance – Chinese (PDF, 486KB)  This link will open in a new window
Infographic – Evaluating My Health Insurance Coverage (English) (PDF, 983KB)
Infographic – Evaluating My Health Insurance Coverage (English) (PDF, 983KB)  This link will open in a new window
Infographic – Evaluating My Health Insurance Coverage (Chinese) (PDF, 1.55MB)
Infographic – Evaluating My Health Insurance Coverage (Chinese) (PDF, 1.55MB)  This link will open in a new window
Your Guide to Participating Policies
This guide describes the various types of life insurance products and distribution channels. It also provides general information about life insurance. It gives you the basic information you need so you can discuss your insurance needs with your Financial Planner.
Your Guide to Participating Policies – English (PDF, 193KB)
Your Guide to Participating Policies – English (PDF, 193KB)  This link will open in a new window
Your Guide to Participating Policies – Chinese (PDF, 788KB)
Your Guide to Participating Policies – Chinese (PDF, 788KB)  This link will open in a new window
Your Guide to Life Insurance
This guide describes the various types of life insurance products and distribution channels. It also provides general information about life insurance. It gives you the basic information you need so you can discuss your insurance needs with your Financial Planner.
Your Guide to Life Insurance – English (PDF, 240KB)
Your Guide to Life Insurance – Chinese (PDF, 1.24MB)
Your Guide to Life Insurance – Chinese (PDF, 1.24MB)  This link will open in a new window
Your Guide to Investment-Linked Insurance
This guide provides general information about what you should know before purchasing an investment-linked insurance plan. It covers key features and benefits, how they work, investment returns, fees and charges.
Your Guide to Investment-Linked Insurance – English (PDF, 152KB)
Your Guide to Investment-Linked Insurance – English (PDF, 152KB)  This link will open in a new window
LIA Code of Life Insurance Practice
This guide covers the code of life insurance practice by the Life Insurance Association (LIA).
LIA Code of Life Insurance Practice – English (PDF, 262KB)
LIA Code of Life Insurance Practice – English (PDF, 262KB)  This link will open in a new window
LIA Code of Life Insurance Practice – Chinese (PDF, 1.8MB)
LIA Code of Life Insurance Practice – Chinese (PDF, 1.8MB)  This link will open in a new window
LIA Guide to Medical Underwriting for Life Insurance
This guide provides an overview of insurers' general underwriting principles and practices relating to the risk assessment of individuals for life insurance and health insurance coverage.
LIA Guide to Medical Underwriting for Life Insurance (English) (PDF, 1.92MB)
LIA Guide to Medical Underwriting for Life Insurance (English) (PDF, 1.92MB)  This link will open in a new window
LIA Guide to Medical Underwriting for Life Insurance (Chinese) (PDF,2.10MB)
LIA Guide to Medical Underwriting for Life Insurance (Chinese) (PDF,2.10MB)  This link will open in a new window
Basic financial planning guide
MAS and Financial Industry Launch Basic Financial Planning Guide
MAS and Financial Industry Launch Basic Financial Planning Guide  This link will open in a new window
Investment-linked plans’ sub-funds reports
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Goal Builder for the financial period ending 31 December 2024
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Goal Builder for the financial period ending 31 December 2024  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans for the financial period ending 31 December 2024
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans for the financial period ending 31 December 2024  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Goal Builder for the financial year ending  30 June 2024
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Goal Builder for the financial year ending  30 June 2024  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans for the financial year ending 30 June 2024
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans for the financial year ending 30 June 2024  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Flexi Protector, HSBC Life Wealth Abundance, HSBC Life Wealth Accelerate, HSBC Life Wealth Harvest, HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CASH/SRS), HSBC Life Wealth Treasure, Pulsar, Polaris and Optimus for the period ending 30 June 2024 (PDF, 798KB)
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Flexi Protector, HSBC Life Wealth Abundance, HSBC Life Wealth Accelerate, HSBC Life Wealth Harvest, HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CASH/SRS), HSBC Life Wealth Treasure, Pulsar, Polaris and Optimus for the period ending 30 June 2024 (PDF, 798KB)  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CPF) and INSPIRE for the period ending 30 June 2024 (PDF, 341KB)
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CPF) and INSPIRE for the period ending 30 June 2024 (PDF, 341KB)  Download link
HSBC Life Flexi Protector, HSBC Life Wealth Abundance, HSBC Life Wealth Accelerate, HSBC Life Wealth Harvest, HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CASH/SRS), HSBC Life Wealth Treasure, Pulsar, Polaris and Optimus Annual Audited Report for the year ended 31 December 2023 (PDF, 1.50 MB)
HSBC Life Flexi Protector, HSBC Life Wealth Abundance, HSBC Life Wealth Accelerate, HSBC Life Wealth Harvest, HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CASH/SRS), HSBC Life Wealth Treasure, Pulsar, Polaris and Optimus Annual Audited Report for the year ended 31 December 2023 (PDF, 1.50 MB)  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Flexi Protector, HSBC Life Wealth Abundance, HSBC Life Wealth Accelerate, HSBC Life Wealth Harvest, HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CASH/SRS), HSBC Life Wealth Treasure, Pulsar, Polaris and Optimus for the year ended 31 December 2023 (PDF, 691 KB)
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Flexi Protector, HSBC Life Wealth Abundance, HSBC Life Wealth Accelerate, HSBC Life Wealth Harvest, HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CASH/SRS), HSBC Life Wealth Treasure, Pulsar, Polaris and Optimus for the year ended 31 December 2023 (PDF, 691 KB)  Download link
HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CPF) and INSPIRE Annual Audited Report for the year ended 31 December 2023 (PDF, 630 KB)
HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CPF) and INSPIRE Annual Audited Report for the year ended 31 December 2023 (PDF, 630 KB)  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CPF) and INSPIRE for the year ended 31 December 2023 (PDF, 321 KB)
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Wealth Invest (CPF) and INSPIRE for the year ended 31 December 2023 (PDF, 321 KB)  Download link
HSBC Life Goal Builder’s Semi-Annual Report for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 1.1MB)
HSBC Life Goal Builder’s Semi-Annual Report for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 1.1MB)  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Goal Builder for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 529KB)
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Goal Builder for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 529KB)  Download link
HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans’ Semi-Annual Report for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 729KB)
HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans’ Semi-Annual Report for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 729KB)  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF,  395 KB)
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF,  395 KB)  Download link
Change in format of the Annual Audited Reports for the year ended 30 June 2023 (PDF, 106KB)
Change in format of the Annual Audited Reports for the year ended 30 June 2023 (PDF, 106KB)  Download link
HSBC Life Goal Builder’s Annual Audited Report for the year ended 30 June 2023 (PDF, 1.3MB)
HSBC Life Goal Builder’s Annual Audited Report for the year ended 30 June 2023 (PDF, 1.3MB)  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Goal Builder for the year ended 30 June 2023 (PDF, 775KB)
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Goal Builder for the year ended 30 June 2023 (PDF, 775KB)  Download link
HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans’ Annual Audited Report for the year ended 30 June 2023 (PDF, 478KB)
HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans’ Annual Audited Report for the year ended 30 June 2023 (PDF, 478KB)  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans for the year ended 30 June 2023 (PDF, 380KB)
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans for the year ended 30 June 2023 (PDF, 380KB)  Download link
HSBC Life Goal Builder product Annual Audited Report from 22 November 2021 to 30 June 2022 (PDF, 2.1MB)
HSBC Life Goal Builder product Annual Audited Report from 22 November 2021 to 30 June 2022 (PDF, 2.1MB)   Download link
HSBC Life Goal Builder product Semi-Annual Unaudited Report for six months ended 30 December 2022 (PDF, 1182KB)
HSBC Life Goal Builder product Semi-Annual Unaudited Report for six months ended 30 December 2022 (PDF, 1182KB)  Download link
HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector Insurance Plans and other investment-linked plans Semi-Annual Unaudited Report for six months ended 30 December 2022 (PDF, 1MB)
HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector Insurance Plans and other investment-linked plans Semi-Annual Unaudited Report for six months ended 30 December 2022 (PDF, 1MB)  Download link
Annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022 (PDF, 3.2MB)
Annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022 (PDF, 3.2MB)  Download link
Semi-annual unaudited report for six months ended 31 December 2021 (PDF, 3.12MB)
Semi-annual unaudited report for six months ended 31 December 2021 (PDF, 3.12MB)  Download link
Annual report for the year ended 30 June 2021 (PDF, 1.13MB)
Annual report for the year ended 30 June 2021 (PDF, 1.13MB)  Download link
Semi-annual unaudited report for six months ended 31 December 2020 (PDF, 2.41MB)
Semi-annual unaudited report for six months ended 31 December 2020 (PDF, 2.41MB)  Download link
Annual report for the year ended 30 June 2020 (PDF, 6.14MB)
Annual report for the year ended 30 June 2020 (PDF, 6.14MB)  Download link
Semi-annual unaudited report for six months ended 31 December 2019 (PDF, 3.5MB)
Semi-annual unaudited report for six months ended 31 December 2019 (PDF, 3.5MB)  Download link
Annual report for the year ended 30 June 2019 (PDF, 5.06MB)
Annual report for the year ended 30 June 2019 (PDF, 5.06MB)  Download link
Semi-annual unaudited report for six months ended 31 December 2018 (PDF, 2.9MB)
Semi-annual unaudited report for six months ended 31 December 2018 (PDF, 2.9MB)   Download link
Annual report for the year ended 30 June 2018 (PDF, 2.4MB)
Annual report for the year ended 30 June 2018 (PDF, 2.4MB)  Download link
Due 29 Feb 2024
HSBC Life Goal Builder's Semi-Annual Report for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 1.10MB)
HSBC Life Goal Builder's Semi-Annual Report for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 1.10MB)  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Goal Builder for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 509KB)
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Goal Builder for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 509KB)  Download link
HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans’ Semi-Annual Report for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 749KB)
HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans’ Semi-Annual Report for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 749KB)  Download link
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 373KB)
Investment and Market Review & Market Outlook and Investment Strategy of the ILP sub-funds for HSBC Life Variable Annuity, Goal Protector and other investment-linked plans for the period ending 31 December 2023 (PDF, 373KB)  Download link
Participating Fund Commentary
The documents below were previously located on this page:
https://www.insurance.hsbc.com.sg/help/resource-library/
Annual bonus updates for financial year ended in 31 December 2023
HSBC Par Fund I (SGD) – previously HSBC Life Singapore Participating SGD Fund (PDF, 533KB)
HSBC Par Fund I (SGD) – previously HSBC Life Singapore Participating SGD Fund (PDF, 533KB)  Download link
HSBC Par Fund II (SGD) – previously AXA Participating Fund SGD (PDF, 531KB)
HSBC Par Fund II (SGD) – previously AXA Participating Fund SGD (PDF, 531KB)  Download link
HSBC Par Fund (USD) – previously HSBC Life Singapore Participating USD Fund(PDF, 539KB)
HSBC Par Fund (USD) – previously HSBC Life Singapore Participating USD Fund(PDF, 539KB)  Download link
Frequently Asked Questions on Participating Fund Annual Bonus Update (PDF, 171KB)
Frequently Asked Questions on Participating Fund Annual Bonus Update (PDF, 171KB)  Download link
Annual bonus updates for financial year ended in 31 December 2022
HSBC Par Fund I (SGD) – previously HSBC Life Singapore Participating SGD Fund (PDF, 466KB)
HSBC Par Fund I (SGD) – previously HSBC Life Singapore Participating SGD Fund (PDF, 466KB)  Download link
HSBC Par Fund II (SGD) – previously AXA Participating Fund SGD (PDF, 464KB)
HSBC Par Fund II (SGD) – previously AXA Participating Fund SGD (PDF, 464KB)  Download link
HSBC Par Fund (USD) – previously HSBC Life Singapore Participating USD Fund(PDF, 464KB)
HSBC Par Fund (USD) – previously HSBC Life Singapore Participating USD Fund(PDF, 464KB)  Download link
FAQ-HSBC Par Fund I (SGD) & HSBC Par Fund (USD) (PDF, 672KB)
FAQ-HSBC Par Fund I (SGD) & HSBC Par Fund (USD) (PDF, 672KB)  Download link
FAQ- HSBC Par Fund II (SGD) (PDF, 140KB)
FAQ- HSBC Par Fund II (SGD) (PDF, 140KB)  Download link
ABU 2023 - Additional info on Par Fund (PDF, 264KB)
ABU 2023 - Additional info on Par Fund (PDF, 264KB)  Download link
Annual bonus updates for financial year ended in 31 December 2021
SGD Par Fund Commentary (PDF, 986KB)
SGD Par Fund Commentary (PDF, 986KB)  Download link
USD Par Fund Commentary (PDF, 984KB)
USD Par Fund Commentary (PDF, 984KB)  Download link
Payment terms and conditions
You must be 18 years of age and above and have appropriate authority and capacity to validly accept and meet your obligations to accept the online payment terms.
The credit / debit card ('Card') used for the purchase of products is issued in your name or you are authorised to use the Card.
The Card information supplied by you is true and correct.
Credit card payment is disallowed for renewal of all Life / Shield policies with the exception of GlobalCare. Examples of Life / Shield products include but are not limited to: CritiCare, SmartCare Critical. We will refund any credit card payments made with the intention of paying for Life / Shield policy renewals using other product categories.
Secured payment
When you complete your payment online, funds with be deducted from your Card in SGD currency, unless otherwise stated. All payments are debited to 'HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd'.
Every Card transaction occurs within a secure environment and securely encrypted.
Credit card information verification
When you submit your Card information, including CVV, your information will be encrypted and securely transmitted to card issuers for payment verification and approval.
Before purchasing our products, it is recommended that you shall make necessary enquiry about the charges or fees payable (if any).
It is your sole responsibility to ensure that the information entered in the relevant fields are correct. It is recommended that you record and retain a copy of the transaction for record keeping purposes, which might assist in resolution of any disputes that may arise out of usage of the service.
It is your sole responsibility to ensure that the premium to be paid via Payment matches the amount on your Renewal Notices or Quotations.
You represent and warrant that the Card details provided for use of the purchase are correct and accurate and that you shall not use a credit / debit card that is not lawfully owned by you or the use of which is not authorised by the lawful owner thereof.
Confirmation of payment
If successful, you will receive a confirmation notice of your completed payment. Else, you will be advised that your payment has failed. You may contact us for enquiries. Alternatively, you could also contact your Card provider for advice if the payment fails.
Your completed payment will be updated in HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. system within 5 working days.
HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. reserves the right to suspend the processing of any transaction or disable or limit the use of the Card in the event of any error in transaction which results in decline or chargeback from the financial institution or where HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. reasonably believes that the Card has been used for a transaction that may be fraudulent, illegal or involves any criminal activity or where HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. reasonably believes you to be in breach of the Terms of Use.
You agree that you will cooperate in relation to any financial crime screening that is required and to assist HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. in complying with any prevailing laws or regulations in place.
Refund policy
A full refund is to be requested by customers within 5 working days after the transaction is made, subject to management’s approval.
If your full refund is approved, we will initiate a refund to your Card (or original method of payment). Full refund will be sent to the card-issuing bank within 5 working days, the processing time of the refund would be dependent on your bank or card issuer.
Partial refund due to cancellation of policies would be handled via cheques or bank transfers.
We express our regret that we won't be able to change the payment mode (lump-sum or instalment) after the payment transaction is completed.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact our customer care support team. You can either:
Submit an online enquiry form
Call us on
+65 6800 4888
HSBC Life SG Chat terms
To learn more about the terms that govern our chat messaging service, please see the
HSBC Life SG Chat terms (PDF)
HSBC Life SG Chat terms (PDF)  This link will open in a new window
.
US persons policy
Certain US laws and regulations with respect to insurance products applies to an individual with authority over the product or an individual or an entity physically located in or acting from within US either on a temporary or permanent basis ('US Person'). There are limited policy servicing activities that are allowed for a US Person.
For insurance regulatory purposes of this Policy, 'US Person' is defined as: Any individual natural person, business entity, account holder, receiver, trustee, fiduciary, firm, custodian, nominee or any other individual or entity in its own or any representative capacity physically located in or acting from within the US for any length of time, even if for only brief travel (ie there are no exemptions or physical presence tests under US insurance laws for persons with temporary presence in the US).
If you are a US Person, we regret to inform you that we are unable to carry out any request that falls under the list of the key prohibited policy servicing activities:
Absolute assignment
Addition or deletion of riders
Application for exiting the policy guaranteed interest rate lock
Change, addition or nomination of trustee
Change of life insured
Collateral assignment
Fund switch
Increase or decrease in premium
Increase or decrease in sum insured
Policy currency switching
Reinstatement
Renewal of 5-year renewable or convertible term
Review of loading or terms, including changing from smoker to non-smoker and vice versa
Top-up or unscheduled premium
If you have any queries, please contact our customer care support team. You can either:
Call us on
+65 6880 4888
Email us at
e-surance@hsbc.com.sg
Common Reporting Standards (CRS)
CRS overview
To help fight against tax evasion and protect the integrity of tax systems, governments around the world are introducing a new information-gathering and reporting requirement for financial institutions. This is known as the Common Reporting Standard ('the CRS') and we'd like to help you understand what it means for you.
Under the CRS, we are required to determine where you are 'tax resident' (this will usually be where you are liable to pay income taxes). We will base this on information we have already or we may ask you for additional details.
If you are tax resident or paying taxes outside the country or region where you bank then we may be required to give the national tax authority this information, along with information relating to your policies. This may then be shared between the tax authorities of different countries or regions.
What do you need to do?
Singapore will participate in the CRS from 1 January 2017 onwards. If you have any questions regarding your tax residency, please refer to
the rules governing tax residence
the rules governing tax residence  This link will open in a new window
that have been published by each national tax authority. If you have any specific questions regarding your tax residency, please contact a professional tax adviser, as we are unable to provide tax advice. You may also find useful guidance on
the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development CRS portal
the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development CRS portal  This link will open in a new window
.
Find out how to contact us if you have questions about our insurance products, or need help with your policy.
Learn about the process of filing a claim, where to find the forms you need, and how to contact us if you need assistance.
Find out ways to pay your insurance premiums, easily and conveniently.
Back to top