DesignTech - Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Choose a Topic
Privacy Policy
Apple ID and Family Sharing Disclosure
Privacy Governance
Government Information Requests
Manage Your Account
Sub-policy 1
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍
Sub-policy 2
https://telemetrydeck.com/privacy/:
This document has last been updated March 4, 2024
TelemetryDeck was designed from the ground up with privacy in mind. An important principle of TelemetryDeck is to only save the least amount of data it absolutely needs, and to not save any data that can be used to identify specific users' identities.
That is why the
TelemetryDeck Client code
is completely open source, so that users and developers can see for themselves the data that TelemetryDeck saves.
TelemetryDeck has never installed any law enforcement software or equipment anywhere on our network.
Data Transmitted
Any data that is transmitted to the analytics server consists of the following:
An anonymized user identifier. The identifier is constant for each app install but cannot be traced back to any personally identifiable information.
An action taken, such as “App Launched” or “Settings Opened”. The developer defines these actions.
A time stamp when the action was taken.
Device metadata, namely platform, system version, app version, build number, if the build was downloaded via App Store or TestFlight, and the device model type (i.e., iPhone X, iPad Air, or iPhone 12).
Additional metadata as defined by the developer, such as “Number of Items in the Database” or “Setting X is enabled”. Developers should note this metadata in their own privacy policy.
For Web SDK API requests, we look at the first 3 triplets of incoming IP addresses in order to determine a possible country the request came from.
IP addresses are never stored on the TelemetryDeck Server, neither in the database nor in any log files, nor at any other place.
Terms Used
A
developer
is a person who creates or maintains an app which includes the TelemetryDeck Client code. They are responsible for making sure they only hand anonymized data to the TelemetryDeck Client.
The
TelemetryDeck Client
is the code that transmits data to the TelemetryDeck Server. It can be viewed on
GitHub
in its entirety.
A
user
is a person who uses any app created by a
developer
. It is our job to make sure their data stays safe.
A
signal
is one instance of data sent from the app to the TelemetryDeck Server using the TelemetryDeck Client.
TelemetryDeck Viewer
is the app that developers use to see signal data, both raw and in aggregated form, as
Insights
.
User Identifiers
Developers have three choices on how to identify users. They should note which they are using in their app's privacy policy:
Using no user identifier at all. This will give them the greatest piece of mind, while still allowing TelemetryDeck to help them out with statistical analysis.
Using Apple's “IdentifierForVendor” API. This is the default behaviour for TelemetryDeck. The identifier generated out with this method has no relation to any of the user's identifiable information or private data. Deleting and reinstalling the app will generate a new identifier and sever any connection to the old one.
Using a custom string identifier, such as the user's username or email address. This string will never be transferred directly to the server. Instead, the TelemetryDeck Client will create a hash out of that string and only ever transmit that hash. This allows TelemetryDeck to detect the same user on multiple devices, but it is impossible for both the developer and any person having access to TelemetryDeck's database to retrieve the original custom string identifier.
Metadata
Developers can include any metadata they wish with signals they send using TelemetryDeck Client. They are urged to not send any data that might identify their users. They must include the types of data they send in their own apps' privacy policies.
Using TelemetryDeck Viewer
Developers using the TelemetryDeck Viewer app are sending signals to the TelemetryDeck Server as well. These do not contain any user data. The types of data are:
App was launched
Which part of the app was navigated to?
Standard metadata: platform, system version, app version, build number, if the build was downloaded via App Store or TestFlight, and the device model type (i.e. iPhone X, iPad Air, or iPhone 12).
Our Customers and Prospects
We use the integrated software solution Hubspot for managing the address and contact data (contact management) of our customers and prospects. The service provider is HubSpot Inc., a software company from the USA (Hubspot, Inc. 25 First Street Cambridge, MA 02141 USA).
We use Hubspot to document appointments and agreements, as well as to evaluate our activities in the sales area. Personal data such as name, email address, phone numbers, business addresses, and the content of business communication may be processed.
The legal basis for processing in the context of contacting for the conclusion or performance of a contract is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR or Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the use for the purpose of the CRM system as contact management.
Data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and there are no legal retention obligations, e.g. for data that must be kept for commercial or tax reasons. In accordance with legal requirements in Germany, storage may be necessary for up to 10 years due to commercial and tax regulations. We delete prospect data within a reasonable period of time, within which no more contract conclusion or the like is to be expected.
The data of TelemetryDeck GmbH is stored in European data centers by Hubspot. However, personal data may be transferred to the USA and other third countries where HubSpot subsidiaries are located. HubSpot meets the minimum requirements for legally compliant order data processing by concluding the EU standard data protection clauses. We have concluded a contract for order processing (Data Processing Agreement, DPA) with HubSpot.
Further information on data processing by Hubspot can be found at:
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
.
Newsletter
You have the option to subscribe to the newsletter offered on our website. If you would like to receive the newsletter, we require an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified e-mail address and agree to receive the newsletter. For this purpose, we use the so-called double opt-in procedure: After your registration, you will receive an e-mail to the specified e-mail address, in which we ask for confirmation of the registration.
The following information is then saved with the confirmation:
E-mail address
Date of subscription
Activity (delivered, opened, clicked)
For customers who subscribe to our newsletter when opening an account, the following information is also stored:
First name
Last name
Country
Organization
Further data is not collected or only on a voluntary basis. We use this data exclusively for sending the requested information and for proving your registration.
Your consent is the exclusive basis for processing the data provided in the newsletter registration form (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can revoke your consent to the storage of the data, the e-mail address and their use for sending the newsletter at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter, for example via the “unsubscribe” link in the newsletter. The legality of the data processing operations carried out up to that point remains unaffected by the revocation.
Please note that unsubscribing from our newsletter list does not result in the deletion of your data. If you wish to delete your personal data from Mailjet, please inform us informally by e-mail.
Mailjet
Newsletters and customer information are sent via the service provider Mailjet. The provider is Sinch AB Lindhagensgatan 74 Stockholm, 112 18 Sweden. The data is stored in secure data centers located exclusively in the European Union, with Google Cloud Platform in Frankfurt (Germany) and St. Ghislain (Belgium).
Mailjet is a service that, among other things, organizes and analyzes the sending of newsletters and customer information. Mailjet processes the following information on our behalf regarding the status of the subscription (subscribed, unsubscribed) as well as the status of the newsletters (delivered, opened, clicked and the exact button or link).
For more information about Mailjet, please visit
Mailjet's privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 3
http://www.backblaze.com/company/policy/privacy:
___
Backblaze Policies
Terms of Service
Privacy
Privacy Notice for CA Residents
Privacy Notice for EEA/ EU, UK, and Swiss Residents
DPA for EEA/ EU Residents
DPA for UK Residents
Copyright
Payments & Refunds
Service Level Agreement
Cookie Policy
Using B2 Code
Peering Policy
Backblaze Privacy Notice
Last updated: July 15, 2024
‍
Backblaze, Inc. (“Backblaze”) complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Backblaze has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as the UK-U.S. DataBridge. Additionally, Backblaze has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
‍
We value your business and we know privacy is important to you. It’s important to us, too. This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information, what we do with the information collected, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
‍
Certain countries and states, such as the European Union and the state of California, have enacted specific data protection and privacy rules for their residents. Some of these rules overlap, but some don’t. In order to make this privacy notice as understandable as possible, we have split our information into a common notice (where we provide you with information which is generally required), and separate notices specific to certain jurisdictions.
‍
Please also review our
Terms of Service
and
Data Processing Addendum
which describe what we can expect from each other when you use our products and services.
‍‍
Who We Are and What We Do
‍Backblaze, Inc. (“Backblaze”) is a US-headquartered data storage provider that offers two different services:
Computer Backup
, which provides unlimited cloud backup for individuals and organizations using Macs or PCs (laptops and desktops); and
B2 Cloud Storage
, which provides low-cost cloud storage for individuals and organizations.
You can contact us as described in the
How To Contact Us
paragraph.
Under EU data protection legislation, commonly known as the GDPR, Backblaze is the controller of processing of personal information described below. With regard to the processing of files uploaded to our platform by our users when using our Computer Backup and B2 Cloud Storage services, however, Backblaze is the processor and the person or organization owning the Backblaze account is the controller. We explain more about the distinction between a controller and a processor under
EU data protection legislation
here
.
‍
‍
The Personal Information We Collect
When you use our services, you upload your files to store with us. We call this content
your files
. We also collect certain information about you in the course of providing our products. We call this
your personal information
.
‍‍
Personal information you provide to us
When requesting to use Backblaze's services we may ask you to provide personal information to us. For example, when you create a Backblaze account, we will ask you for your email address and a password. We may also ask for your phone number for purposes such as two-factor verification or for sending you service alerts. If you choose to sign up for one of Backblaze's services, we will ask you for billing information. To order a physical item from us, such as a Restore by Mail, we will ask for shipping details. At times we may ask for other information such as your name or the name of your company name.
During your interaction with Backblaze, you may choose to provide us with personal information when you email us, chat with us, answer a survey, comment on our blog, or communicate with us through social media services like Twitter or Facebook.
If you refer a friend to Backblaze, we will ask you for their email address. Backblaze will then contact your referred friend to determine whether your friend consents to us contacting them.
‍
‍
Personal information that we collect automatically
Our Computer Backup service automatically backs up your files to Backblaze; B2 Cloud Storage allows you to upload your files to our service. While the content of your files may include personally identifiable information, both in the content of a file and in metadata, this Privacy Notice, as stated at the outset, only applies to the information collected in respect of your account and not to the content that you store on our system.
When you use any Backblaze product we may collect certain information automatically from and about your device. This includes data about your software, the operating system you use when accessing our service, your Internet Protocol address and the date and time of each request you make to Backblaze. When you use our backup services, we will also receive information such as the names of external drives, file types transferred, and number, name and size of files transferred.
Collecting this information enables us to better diagnose problems with our products, provide customer support more effectively, inform you about operating systems we no longer support as well as ensure the continuous functionality of our products.
‍
Personal information that we collect from third parties
We may collect additional information about you from third parties primarily to assist us in understanding how we can maintain and improve the services we offer to better serve you. The type of information we collect from third party tools that we use may include: user's clicks to test different versions of our website; recordings of where people move their mouse on key web pages; page visits which in turn allows Backblaze to decide if it needs to update certain pages; surveys, which users can voluntarily complete, and a user's IP address. Please also review our
Backblaze Cookie Statement
.
‍
‍
What We Do With Your Personal Information
Under no circumstances do we rent, trade, or share your address or e-mail address with any other company for their marketing purposes without your consent. We may use the information we collect through our products for a number of reasons, including to:
provide, operate, optimize, and maintain our online platforms, products, and services;
understand how you use our products and customize your experience;
set up online accounts;
process, fulfill, and provide any updates on online orders;
send you marketing communications we think you'll find valuable, where it is in accordance with your preferences;
provide customer support via online chat services; deal with your online enquiries and requests sent by email; and provide you with information and access to resources or services that you have requested from us;
improve the layout, navigation, and content of our online products;
identify any server problems or other IT or network issues;
prevent abuse of the products and services we offer;
investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions; unauthorized access to our product and services; and other illegal activities; and
carry out other legitimate business purposes, such as to improve our products and services, as well as other lawful purposes about which we will notify our users and clients.
‍
Email Communications
‍
From time to time, Backblaze will communicate with you via email. There are two types of email you may receive:
Service Emails:
These are service related emails such as confirmation of password change, expiration of credit card, or a reply to a support issue. You cannot opt out of receiving these messages as they are part of the service which Backblaze provides to you. You can manage certain Service Emails by signing into your Account. To stop receiving all Service Emails, you must cancel the service, delete your account, and uninstall the Backblaze software from your devices.
Marketing Emails:
These will include Backblaze company news, tips-and-tricks, service promotions (e.g., refer-a-friend) and similar types of material. Upon creating a Backblaze Account you will be able to manage your email preferences, including opting out of receiving all Marketing Emails.
You will also be able to unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe link provided in any given email or through our
What types of Email Does Backblaze Send?
Website
.
We will only process personal information in ways that are compatible with the purpose we collected it for or for the purposes you later authorize. Before we use your personal information for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose we collected it for or that you later authorized, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-out.
Who We Share Your Information With
We may share and disclose your personally identifiable information only in the limited circumstances described below:
To vendors and other third-party service providers who require access to your personal information to assist in providing and improving our products and services. For example, with third-party service providers to: assist us in processing your payment; enable us to send you marketing emails, subject to your preferences; communicate service emails to you; used to send SMS messages to you when you use our 2-factor authentication feature; and facilitate our customer support and online chat service. For further information, please also refer to our
Cookie Statement
.
We may also disclose your personal information or your files to third parties: (a) where required by law or regulatory requirement, court order, or other judicial authorization, (b) in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including for the purposes of meeting national security and law enforcement requirements; (c) in connection with the sale, transfer, merger, bankruptcy, restructuring, or other reorganization of a business; (d) to protect or defend our rights, interests, or property, or that of third parties; (e) to investigate any wrongdoing in connection with our products and services; and (f) to protect the vital interests of an individual.
If you sign up for our services through a referral from a friend, we may share your personal information with your referrer to let them know that you used their referral to sign up for our services.
If you use our services as part of a business, group, or organization where Backblaze was set up by an administrator, the administrator may be able to access and control your account and your files. Refer to your organization's internal policies for more information.
B2 Cloud Storage users can give third parties the ability to access information and content in their account (e.g., through APIs). When other services access and use your information, their conduct is governed by their own terms and policies.
Certain features in our services give you the ability to share your personal information and your files with other people.
We may disclose aggregate, non-identifying information about how our users use Backblaze products.
‍
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless a longer retention period is required. Reasons we might retain some data for longer periods of time include:
Security, fraud, and abuse prevention;
Financial record-keeping;
Complying with legal or regulatory requirements;
Ensuring the continuity of our services; and
Direct communications with Backblaze.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
‍
How We Protect Your Information
When you enter personal information such as a credit card number on our website or via our App we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). For purchases made online with credit cards, we receive your credit card number in encrypted form, and transfer it to our credit card processor, Stripe, for processing. Our employees do not have access to this information. We do not store PIN data or 3-digit security codes.
We use appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security
‍
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technology
Like all e-commerce websites we use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively "Cookies") to collect and use personal information about you. For further information about the types of Cookies we and our partners' use, why and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Statement
.
‍‍
Your Data Protection and Privacy Rights and Choices
Certain countries and states have enacted data protection and privacy rights for their residents. We strive to respect these rights for all our users, no matter where they happen to be located.
You can find more information on objecting to, or restricting certain processing
here
.
For example, you may:
Request
access to your
personal information that Backblaze collects about you.
Request
correction, updates, or deletion
of your personal information.
Request
portability
of your personal information where applicable and technically possible.
Withdraw your consent
for us to process your personal information, if you have given us consent in the past. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
User requests are subject to the following caveats:
We need to verify your account ownership to process your request.
Where a nation or state’s law provides rights that are different from those in other jurisdictions, we aim to respect your rights as provided by the law of your country.
Some types of requests are subject to certain exceptions as provided in applicable law.
Additional information for EEA visitors/customers
You can review more information as required under European data protection rules about our handling of your personal data and your data
subject rights
here
.
Additional information for California consumers
The California Consumer Privacy Act gives California residents additional rights and choices regarding their personal information. To learn more, read our
Privacy Notice for California Residents
here
.
‍
You can exercise your privacy rights by submitting a data subject request with the completion of
this
form.
‍
How We Link to Other Websites
Our website contains links to third party websites and third-party plug-ins (such as social media sharing buttons) operated by other companies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage you to be aware that when you leave our site you read the privacy notices of such other websites. This Privacy Notice applies solely to information collected by Backblaze's products.
‍
‍
Do Not Track
Some browsers make it possible for you to signal that you don’t want your Internet browsing activity to be tracked. Because the Internet community hasn’t reached a consensus on how to best honor these signals, Backblaze doesn’t respond to Do-Not-Track requests at this time.
‍
‍
Changes to This Privacy Notice
Changes to this Privacy Notice will be made when required in response to changing legal, technical, or business developments. When we update our Privacy Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
‍
You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice. The new Privacy Notice will apply to all current and past users of the website and will replace any prior notices that are inconsistent with it.
‍
‍
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, you can contact us by sending an email to privacyrequest@backblaze.com or by contacting us at:
201 Baldwin Avenue,
San Mateo, CA 94401, U.S.
+1 650-352-3738
‍
Recourse, Enforcement and Liability
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Backblaze commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Division of the American Arbitration Association (ICDR-AAA), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of ICDR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
‍
Data subjects may contact the relevant independent recourse mechanism listed below:
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html
UK Information Commissioner's Office
https://ico.org.uk/
‍
‍
‍
Supplemental Privacy Notices
U.S. - California Privacy Rights
For European Economic Area (EEA)
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Optional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Required Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Required Cookies
Performance Cookies
Required Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
Required Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Confirm My Choices
Back Button
Back
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Apply
Consent
Leg.Interest
All Consent Allowed
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
Select All Hosts
Name
cookie name
Consent Purposes
Location Based Ads
Consent Allowed
Legitimate Interest Purposes
Personalize
Require Opt-Out
Special Purposes
Location Based Ads
Features
Location Based Ads
Special Features
Location Based Ads
Confirm My Choices
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our
Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.lemonsqueezy.com/privacy:
Payout fees sliced — another step towards a better Lemon Squeezy
Read more
Maximize your revenue with subscriptions
Payments and billing made easy-peasy
Your own online storefront in minutes
Sell digital products any way you want
Add a native checkout flow anywhere
Increase conversions with hosted checkouts
Empower your superfans with affiliate tools
Track usage and bill based on consumption
A self-service customer portal for your store
Coupons & discounts for a feel-good checkout
Distribute free products that build interest
Let customers choose the price they pay
Global sales tax & compliance handled for you
Your always-on shield from financial fraud
Build enduring customer partnerships
Freshly squeezed platform updates
Learn what features are on the horizon
Resources
Need help or have a question?
Detailed help docs and knowledge base
Browse our extensive developer docs
Vote on new ideas or suggest your own
Canvas Supply achieved a 94% revenue boost with Lemon Squeezy
Subscriptions just got a refresh! 🍋
Pricing
Wedges
Help
Sign in
Get started
Get started
Your privacy is important to us. It is Lemon Squeezy’s policy to respect your privacy and comply with any applicable law and regulation regarding any personal information we may collect about you, including across our website, www.lemonsqueezy.com, and other sites we own and operate.
Personal information is any information about you which can be used to identify you. This includes information about you as a person (such as name, address, and date of birth), your devices, payment details, and even information about how you use a website or online service.
In the event our site contains links to third-party sites and services, please be aware that those sites and services have their own privacy policies. After following a link to any third-party content, you should read their posted privacy policy information about how they collect and use personal information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of your activities after you leave our site.
This policy is effective as of 1 June 2021.
Last updated: 1 June 2021
Information We Collect
Information we collect falls into one of two categories: “voluntarily provided” information and “automatically collected” information.
“Voluntarily provided” information refers to any information you knowingly and actively provide us when using or participating in any of our services and promotions.
“Automatically collected” information refers to any information automatically sent by your devices in the course of accessing our products and services.
Log Data
When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. It may include your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, and other details about your visit.
Additionally, if you encounter certain errors while using the site, we may automatically collect data about the error and the circumstances surrounding its occurrence. This data may include technical details about your device, what you were trying to do when the error happened, and other technical information relating to the problem. You may or may not receive notice of such errors, even in the moment they occur, that they have occurred, or what the nature of the error is.
Please be aware that while this information may not be personally identifying by itself, it may be possible to combine it with other data to personally identify individual persons.
Device Data
When you visit our website or interact with our services, we may automatically collect data about your device, such as:
Device Type
Operating System
Unique device identifiers
Data we collect can depend on the individual settings of your device and software. We recommend checking the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider to learn what information they make available to us.
Personal Information
We may ask for personal information — for example, when you submit content to us or when you contact us — which may include one or more of the following:
Name
Email
User-Generated Content
We consider “user-generated content” to be materials (text, image and/or video content) voluntarily supplied to us by our users for the purpose of publication on our website or re-publishing on our social media channels. All user-generated content is associated with the account or email address used to submit the materials.
Please be aware that any content you submit for the purpose of publication will be public after posting (and subsequent review or vetting process). Once published, it may be accessible to third parties not covered under this privacy policy.
Legitimate Reasons for Processing Your Personal Information
We only collect and use your personal information when we have a legitimate reason for doing so. In which instance, we only collect personal information that is reasonably necessary to provide our services to you.
Collection and Use of Information
We may collect personal information from you when you do any of the following on our website:
Register for an account
Sign up to receive updates from us via email or social media channels
Use a mobile device or web browser to access our content
Contact us via email, social media, or on any similar technologies
When you mention us on social media
We may collect, hold, use, and disclose information for the following purposes, and personal information will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with these purposes:
to provide you with our platform’s core features and services
to enable you to customize or personalize your experience of our website
to deliver products and/or services to you
to contact and communicate with you
to enable you to access and use our website, associated applications, and associated social media platforms
to comply with our legal obligations and resolve any disputes that we may have
for security and fraud prevention, and to ensure that our sites and apps are safe, secure, and used in line with our terms of use
We may combine voluntarily provided and automatically collected personal information with general information or research data we receive from other trusted sources. For example, Our marketing and market research activities may uncover data and insights, which we may combine with information about how visitors use our site to improve our site and your experience on it.
Security of Your Personal Information
When we collect and process personal information, and while we retain this information, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification.
Although we will do our best to protect the personal information you provide to us, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and no one can guarantee absolute data security.
You are responsible for selecting any password and its overall security strength, ensuring the security of your own information within the bounds of our services. For example, ensuring any passwords associated with accessing your personal information and accounts are secure and confidential.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We keep your personal information only for as long as we need to. This time period may depend on what we are using your information for, in accordance with this privacy policy. For example, if you have provided us with personal information as part of creating an account with us, we may retain this information for the duration your account exists on our system. If your personal information is no longer required for this purpose, we will delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you.
However, if necessary, we may retain your personal information for our compliance with a legal, accounting, or reporting obligation or for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific, or historical research purposes or statistical purposes.
Children’s Privacy
We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13.
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
We may disclose personal information to:
a parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of our company
third-party service providers for the purpose of enabling them to provide their services, including (without limitation) IT service providers, data storage, hosting and server providers, error loggers, debt collectors, maintenance or problem-solving providers, marketing providers, professional advisors, and payment systems operators
our employees, contractors, and/or related entities
our existing or potential agents or business partners
credit reporting agencies, courts, tribunals, and regulatory authorities, in the event you fail to pay for goods or services we have provided to you
courts, tribunals, regulatory authorities, and law enforcement officers, as required by law, in connection with any actual or prospective legal proceedings, or in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights
third parties, including agents or sub-contractors, who assist us in providing information, products, services, or direct marketing to you
third parties to collect and process data
an entity that buys, or to which we transfer all or substantially all of our assets and business
Third parties we currently use include:
MailChimp
International Transfers of Personal Information
The personal information we collect is stored and/or processed in United States, or where we or our partners, affiliates, and third-party providers maintain facilities.
The countries to which we store, process, or transfer your personal information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. If we transfer your personal information to third parties in other countries: (i) we will perform those transfers in accordance with the requirements of applicable law; and (ii) we will protect the transferred personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Your Rights and Controlling Your Personal Information
Your choice
: By providing personal information to us, you understand we will collect, hold, use, and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. You do not have to provide personal information to us, however, if you do not, it may affect your use of our website or the products and/or services offered on or through it.
Information from third parties
: If we receive personal information about you from a third party, we will protect it as set out in this privacy policy. If you are a third party providing personal information about somebody else, you represent and warrant that you have such person’s consent to provide the personal information to us.
Marketing permission
: If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us using the details below.
Access
: You may request details of the personal information that we hold about you.
Correction
: If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading, please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy. We will take reasonable steps to correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, or out of date.
Non-discrimination
: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights over your personal information. Unless your personal information is required to provide you with a particular service or offer (for example providing user support), we will not deny you goods or services and/or charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties, or provide you with a different level or quality of goods or services.
Notification of data breaches
: We will comply with laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach.
Complaints
: If you believe that we have breached a relevant data protection law and wish to make a complaint, please contact us using the details below and provide us with full details of the alleged breach. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you, in writing, setting out the outcome of our investigation and the steps we will take to deal with your complaint. You also have the right to contact a regulatory body or data protection authority in relation to your complaint.
Unsubscribe
: To unsubscribe from our email database or opt-out of communications (including marketing communications), please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy, or opt-out using the opt-out facilities provided in the communication. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity.
Use of Cookies
We use “cookies” to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit, so we can understand how you use our site. This helps us serve you content based on preferences you have specified.
Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information.
Business Transfers
If we or our assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, we would include data, including your personal information, among the assets transferred to any parties who acquire us. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any parties who acquire us may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, continue to use your personal information according to this policy, which they will be required to assume as it is the basis for any ownership or use rights we have over such information.
Limits of Our Policy
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Changes to This Policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes here at the same link by which you are accessing this privacy policy.
If the changes are significant, or if required by applicable law, we will contact you (based on your selected preferences for communications from us) and all our registered users with the new details and links to the updated or changed policy.
If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt in to or opt out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal information.
Additional Disclosures for Australian Privacy Act Compliance (AU)
International Transfers of Personal Information
Where the disclosure of your personal information is solely subject to Australian privacy laws, you acknowledge that some third parties may not be regulated by the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act. You acknowledge that if any such third party engages in any act or practice that contravenes the Australian Privacy Principles, it would not be accountable under the Privacy Act, and you will not be able to seek redress under the Privacy Act.
Additional Disclosures for General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Compliance (EU)
Data Controller / Data Processor
The GDPR distinguishes between organisations that process personal information for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process personal information on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). We, Lemon Squeezy, located at the address provided in our Contact Us section, are a Data Controller and/or Processor with respect to the personal information you provide to us.
Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information
We will only collect and use your personal information when we have a legal right to do so. In which case, we will collect and use your personal information lawfully, fairly, and in a transparent manner. If we seek your consent to process your personal information, and you are under 16 years of age, we will seek your parent or legal guardian’s consent to process your personal information for that specific purpose.
Our lawful bases depend on the services you use and how you use them. This means we only collect and use your information on the following grounds:
Consent From You
Where you give us consent to collect and use your personal information for a specific purpose. You may withdraw your consent at any time using the facilities we provide; however this will not affect any use of your information that has already taken place. You may consent to providing your email address for the purpose of receiving marketing emails from us. While you may unsubscribe at any time, we cannot recall any email we have already sent. If you have any further enquiries about how to withdraw your consent, please feel free to enquire using the details provided in the Contact Us section of this privacy policy.
Performance of a Contract or Transaction
Where you have entered into a contract or transaction with us, or in order to take preparatory steps prior to our entering into a contract or transaction with you. For example, if you contact us with an enquiry, we may require personal information such as your name and contact details in order to respond.
Our Legitimate Interests
Where we assess it is necessary for our legitimate interests, such as for us to provide, operate, improve and communicate our services. We consider our legitimate interests to include research and development, understanding our audience, marketing and promoting our services, measures taken to operate our services efficiently, marketing analysis, and measures taken to protect our legal rights and interests.
Compliance with Law
In some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or keep your personal information. Such cases may include (but are not limited to) court orders, criminal investigations, government requests, and regulatory obligations. If you have any further enquiries about how we retain personal information in order to comply with the law, please feel free to enquire using the details provided in the Contact Us section of this privacy policy.
We may also process your personal information to comply with any applicable obligations related to monitoring for fraud, and to prevent and detect fraud, and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations related to discovering and reporting illegal activities.  This includes any applicable obligation to comply with the applicable federal and state reporting laws and regulations in connection with our transactions with users and third-parties.  We may need to verify the identity of our customers, whether individuals or entities, and may use your personal information to do so.
We may report our compliance with these regulations and we may need to have third parties audit our compliance.  Your personal information may be recorded, maintained, and used.
Substantial Public Interest
We may also process special categories of personal information (defined under the GDPR), when we need to in order to meet a substantial public interest, as long as such processing is consistent with applicable law.  We may also process your personal information for sanction screening, due diligence, and know your customer regulations and best practices.
International Transfers Outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
We will ensure that any transfer of personal information from countries in the European Economic Area (EEA) to countries outside the EEA will be protected by appropriate safeguards, for example by using standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission, or the use of binding corporate rules or other legally accepted means.
Your Rights and Controlling Your Personal Information
Restrict
: You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information if (i) you are concerned about the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) you believe your personal information has been unlawfully processed; (iii) you need us to maintain the personal information solely for the purpose of a legal claim; or (iv) we are in the process of considering your objection in relation to processing on the basis of legitimate interests.
Objecting to processing
: You have the right to object to processing of your personal information that is based on our legitimate interests or public interest. If this is done, we must provide compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which overrides your interests, rights, and freedoms, in order to proceed with the processing of your personal information.
Data portability
: You may have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Where possible, we will provide this information in CSV format or other easily readable machine format. You may also have the right to request that we transfer this personal information to a third party.
Deletion
: You may have a right to request that we delete the personal information we hold about you at any time, and we will take reasonable steps to delete your personal information from our current records. If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will let you know how the deletion affects your use of our website or products and services. There may be exceptions to this right for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, we will set out for you in response to your request. If you terminate or delete your account, we will delete your personal information within 30 days of the deletion of your account. Please be aware that search engines and similar third parties may still retain copies of your personal information that has been made public at least once, like certain profile information and public comments, even after you have deleted the information from our services or deactivated your account.
Additional Disclosures for California Compliance (US)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you live in California and your business relationship with us is mainly for personal, family, or household purposes, you may ask us about the information we release to other organizations for their marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy with “Request for California privacy information” in the subject line. You may make this type of request once every calendar year. We will email you a list of categories of personal information we revealed to other organisations for their marketing purposes in the last calendar year, along with their names and addresses. Not all personal information shared in this way is covered by Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code.
Do Not Track
Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals.
We adhere to the standards outlined in this privacy policy, ensuring we collect and process personal information lawfully, fairly, transparently, and with legitimate, legal reasons for doing so.
Cookies and Pixels
At all times, you may decline cookies from our site if your browser permits. Most browsers allow you to activate settings on your browser to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. Accordingly, your ability to limit cookies is based only on your browser’s capabilities. Please refer to the Cookies section of this privacy policy for more information.
CCPA-permitted financial incentives
In accordance with your right to non-discrimination, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels for the goods or services we provide.
Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to the value of your personal information, and we will provide written terms that describe clearly the nature of such an offer. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
California Notice of Collection
In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated in the California Consumer Privacy Act:
Customer records, such as billing and shipping address, and credit or debit card data.
For more information on information we collect, including the sources we receive information from, review the “Information We Collect” section. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the “Collection and Use of Information” section, including to provide and manage our Service.
Right to Know and Delete
If you are a California resident, you have rights to delete your personal information we collected and know certain information about our data practices in the preceding 12 months. In particular, you have the right to request the following from us:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy.
Shine the Light
If you are a California resident, in addition to the rights discussed above, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain personal information as defined by California’s “Shine the Light” with third parties and affiliates for their own direct marketing purposes.
To receive this information, send us a request using the contact details provided in this privacy policy. Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.
Contact Us
For any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using the following details:
hello@lemonsqueezy.com
Lemon Squeezy Cookie Policy
We use cookies to help improve your experience of our website at www.lemonsqueezy.com. This cookie policy is part of Lemon Squeezy’s privacy policy. It covers the use of cookies between your device and our site.
We also provide basic information on third-party services we may use, who may also use cookies as part of their service. This policy does not cover their cookies.
If you don’t wish to accept cookies from us, you should instruct your browser to refuse cookies from www.lemonsqueezy.com. In such a case, we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired content and services.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your device when you visit. It typically contains information about the website itself, a unique identifier that allows the site to recognize your web browser when you return, additional data that serves the cookie’s purpose, and the lifespan of the cookie itself.
Cookies are used to enable certain features (e.g. logging in), track site usage (e.g. analytics), store your user settings (e.g. time zone, notification preferences), and to personalize your content (e.g. advertising, language).
Cookies set by the website you are visiting are usually referred to as first-party cookies. They typically only track your activity on that particular site.
Cookies set by other sites and companies (i.e. third parties) are called third-party cookies They can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service.
Types of cookies and how we use them
Essential cookies
Essential cookies are crucial to your experience of a website, enabling core features like user logins, account management, shopping carts, and payment processing.
We use essential cookies to enable certain functions on our website.
Performance cookies
Performance cookies track how you use a website during your visit. Typically, this information is anonymous and aggregated, with information tracked across all site users. They help companies understand visitor usage patterns, identify and diagnose problems or errors their users may encounter, and make better strategic decisions in improving their audience’s overall website experience. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. They do not collect personal information about you.
We use performance cookies on our site.
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies are used to collect information about your device and any settings you may configure on the website you’re visiting (like language and time zone settings). With this information, websites can provide you with customized, enhanced, or optimized content and services. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services.
We use functionality cookies for selected features on our site.
Targeting/advertising cookies
Targeting/advertising cookies help determine what promotional content is most relevant and appropriate to you and your interests. Websites may use them to deliver targeted advertising or limit the number of times you see an advertisement. This helps companies improve the effectiveness of their campaigns and the quality of content presented to you. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. Targeting/advertising cookies set by third-parties may be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service.
We do not use this type of cookie on our site.
Sub-policy 5
http://kit.com/privacy:
We use cookies (and other similar technologies) to provide a more relevant browsing experience on our site and personalize content and advertising on our site and other websites. By using our website, you're agreeing to the collection, use, and disclosure of data as described in our
Privacy Policy
.
Decline
Accept all
Your next breakthrough happens in person:
Craft + Commerce, June 11-14 in Boise.
View speakers
Kit
Features
Use Cases
Resources
Pricing
Log in
Start free trial
Privacy Policy
KIT, INC.
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: October 1, 2024
Kit, Inc.
f/k/a ConvertKit, Inc.
(“Kit”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose data. This Policy applies to your use of Kit’s products, services, and websites located at
kit.com
and
creatornetwork.com
on all platforms (collectively, “Services”).
Kit is a United States corporation subject to the laws of the United States. The United States may not offer a level of privacy protection as great as that offered in other jurisdictions. Since our servers are located in the United States, your data may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States. By using our Services, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your data to our facilities in the United States and those third parties we share your data with as described in this Policy and our Terms of Service Agreement.
1. DEFINITIONS
a. Customer:
a person or entity that is registered with Kit to use the Services.
b. Distribution List:
a list of Subscribers and all data related to those Subscribers.
c. Personal Data:
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
d. Subscriber:
any person or entity on your Distribution List.
e. You:
a Kit Customer or other person or entity who visits our Services.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
The Services collects two kinds of information about you: (a) Personal Data; and (b) Non-Personal Data.
a. Personal Data.
Personal Data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Personal Data we may collect includes:
i. Identification and Contact Data: name, date of birth, gender, address, title, contact details (email, phone number, etc.), username, profile photo, or other demographic information;
ii. Financial Information: credit card details, account details, payment information;
iii. Employment Details: education, employer, job, title, geographic location, area of responsibility;
iv. IT Information: IP address, cookie data;
v. Personal Interests or Preferences: purchase history, subscription history, social media profile information; and
vi. Communications and Related Data: chat and/or text records, recorded calls and/or voicemails, photographs, and video images.You may decline to provide Personal Data to the Services. However, some of the Personal Data we ask you to provide is mandatory for a service. If you decline to provide it, we may not be able to provide that service to you.
b. Non-Personal Data.
Non-Personal Data is any information not relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Non-Personal Data we may collect includes:
i. Browser and Device Data:
IP address, device type, unique user device number, device manufacturer and model, type of browser or operating system, dates and times of use, screen resolution, plug- ins, add-ons, location, and the version of the Services you are using.
ii. Cookies and Tracking Technologies:
time spent on the Services, pages visited, and email campaign performance.
iii. Aggregate Information:
data about how you use the Services combined with data about how others use the Services in order to help us better develop new features and tailor the Services.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
a. Personal Data.
We may use your Personal Data to:
i. Provide the Services;
ii. Resolve disputes, calculate and collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
iii.Verify your identity and the information you provide;
iv.Encourage a safe online experience and enforce our policies;
v.Customize your experience and analyze usage of, improve and measure interest in, and inform you about the Services;
vi.Provide you with information that may affect your use of the Services;
vii.Communicate marketing and promotional offers;
viii.Provide customer service, including receipts;
ix.Develop new products; and
x.Perform certain other business activities.
b. Non-Personal Data.
We may use your Non-Personal Data for any purpose, including, but not limited to:
i. Measuring traffic patterns;
ii.Understanding demographics, customer interest, and other trends among users;
iii.Providing, improving, and modifying the Services; and
iv.For advertising, marketing, and promotional purposes.
4. HOW WE MAY DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
a. Personal Data.
We may disclose, and you consent to our disclosing of, your Personal Data to:
i. Service Providers and others who help with our business operations and assist in the delivery of our products and services including, but not limited to, application development, site hosting, maintenance, data analysis, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer service, email delivery services, payment processing, marketing, analytics, and enforcement of our Terms of Service Agreement and other agreements;
ii.Third parties in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, debt financing of assets, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business or assets (including in connection with any insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceeding);
iii.A Kit subsidiary, affiliate, or business partner;
iv.Other users of the site to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages or make comments through the Services;
v.Persons or entities with whom you consent to have your Personal Data shared;
vi.Third parties in order to prevent damage to our property (tangible and intangible), for safety reasons, or to collect amounts owed to us;
vii.Merchants and payment processors; and
viii.Third parties as we believe necessary or appropriate, in any manner permitted under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence to: comply with legal process; respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; enforce our Terms of Service Agreement and other agreements; protect our operations; protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We will never sell, rent, or lease your Personal Data to a third party.
b. Non-Personal Data.
We may disclose Non-Personal Data for any purpose. Remember, Non-Personal Data cannot be used to identify you or another person.
5. ADVERTISING
a. Opting out of Receiving Email Communications from us.
If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us, you may opt-out via the unsubscribe link or by notifying us at
legal@kit.com
. We may still send you important messages regarding administrative matters, updates, disputes, and customer service issues that are required to provide you with the Services.
b.
Opting out of Receiving SMS Messages from us.
Kit offers you mobile alerts regarding company information, migrations, products, events, marketing, advertising, and promotions by SMS messaging (“SMS Messaging”). Enrollment in SMS Messaging requires you to provide your mobile phone number and agree to this Policy and our
Terms of Service Agreement
before the SMS Messaging starts. To stop receiving SMS Messaging from Kit, reply with STOP to any SMS Messaging you received from Kit or use the unsubscribe link we may provide within any of Kit’s SMS Messaging. This is the exclusive method for opting out. After texting STOP to Kit, you may receive one additional message confirming that your request has been processed. Text HELP to any SMS Messaging you received from Kit for support.
c.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Kit and its partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixels and web beacons on the Services to administer the Services, track your movements around the Services, analyze trends, serve targeted advertisements, and gather demographic information. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. Our third-party partners may use cookies or other tracking technologies to provide you advertising on other sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you want to opt-out of interest-based advertising, please visit
https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/
, or if located in the European Union, visit
https://youronlinechoices.eu/
.
d. Web Beacons.
When we send emails to Customers, we may use web beacons to track who opened the emails and clicked links to measure campaign performance and improve features for Customers. We also use web beacons in the emails we deliver for Customers to create reports about campaign performance and determine what actions Subscribers took.
6. DATA COLLECTED BY OUR CUSTOMERS
a. Our Relationship with Subscribers.
Customers may import into the Services Personal Data they have collected from their Subscribers or other individuals. We have no direct relationship with Customers’ Subscribers or any individuals other than our Customers. Customers are responsible for making sure they have the necessary permissions for us to collect, store, and process Personal Data about Subscribers or other individuals.A Subscriber should unsubscribe directly from a Customer’s newsletter or contact the Customer directly to change, update, or delete the Subscriber’s data. If a Subscriber contacts us, we will refer you to that Customer and support them in responding to your request if necessary.
b. Use and Transfer of Data.
Consistent with this Privacy Policy, we may transfer Customer or Subscriber Personal Data to entities that help us promote, provide, or support our Services or the services of our Customers (“Service Providers”). All Service Providers agree to protect Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will never sell, rent, or lease Customers’ Distribution Lists.
7. PUBLIC DATA AND THIRD-PARTY SITES
a. Public Data.
We may provide areas on the Services where you can publicly post information. This information may be read, collected, and used by anyone. We do not control or endorse the information posted by third-party users, are not liable for your or third-party posts to the Services, and specifically disclaim any liability resulting from such posts.
b. Third-Party Sites.
Upon your consent, the Services may access third- party information through application interfaces. We may also provide links to third-party sites. When you click on links to third-party sites, you may leave the Services.This Policy does not cover any collection, use, or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Websites, products, or services that we do NOT control or own, or any third-party features or services made available through the SERVICES.
By using the SERVICES, you expressly relieve Kit from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third-party sites does not imply endorsement of such third-party site by us. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Services belong to their respective owners.
Each merchant and third-party payment processor collects and shares your information according to its own privacy policy and terms of service. Kit is not responsible for the actions of third-party processors or merchants, including how such entities treat your information. You are responsible for knowing and understanding their policies and terms.
8. DATA RETENTION
We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
9. USERS UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
Our Services are not directed to and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with Personal Data, we will take steps to remove such data. If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data without your consent, please contact us at
legal@kit.com
. By using the Services, you are representing to us that you are not under the age of 13.
10. DATA SECURITY
Kit maintains appropriate technical and organizational measures for protection of the security, confidentiality, and integrity of Personal Data, as set forth in Kit’s Security Policy, located at
https://kit.com/security
. Kit regularly monitors compliance with these measures.
If you create an account on the Services, you are responsible for protecting the security of your account, its content, and all activities that occur under the account or in connection with the Services. You must immediately notify Kit of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security by emailing us at
legal@kit.com
.
11. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Kit reserves the right to store and process your Personal Data in the United States and in any other country where Kit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in compliance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country and may offer less legal protection.
When Kit transfers, stores, or processes Personal Data outside of your jurisdiction, including to or in the United States, we take appropriate safeguards to protect your Personal Data in accordance with this Policy and applicable law.
Some recipients of your Personal Data are located in countries outside the EU/EEA, UK, and/or Switzerland that are not subject to an adequacy decision, which means that these countries are not recognized as having an adequate level of data protection under the EU/EEA, UK, and/or Swiss data protection laws and the transfer of Personal Data is therefore not permitted under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “EU’s GDPR”), the Data Protection Act 2018 (the “UK GDPR”), and/or Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (the “Swiss FADP”). In these cases, Kit may use the following to transfer your Personal Data to the United States and elsewhere:
a. The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”); or
b. The Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) approved by the European Commission or the International Data Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”) issued by the UK Information Commissioner.
Kit offers a Data Processing Agreement for those Customers processing Personal Data on behalf of EU/EEA, United Kingdom, Swiss, and other individuals. To request our Data Processing Agreement, please fill out this
form
.
12. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
Under the EU’s GDPR, the UK GDPR, and the Swiss FADP, Kit generally acts as a processor on behalf of our Customers. When Kit processes Personal Data as a data controller, we do so on the following legal bases:
a. To perform our contract with you for the use of the Services;
b. In reliance on our legitimate interests in administering, operating, and supporting the Services;
c. In reliance on our legitimate interests in providing certain features;
d. In reliance on our legitimate interests in enforcing our Terms of Service Agreement and applicable law;
e. In reliance on our legitimate interests in preventing fraud and abuse;
f. In reliance on our legitimate interests in meeting legal requirements;
g. In reliance on our legitimate interests in improving the Services;
h. In reliance on our legitimate interests in supporting our marketing activities;
i. In reliance on our legitimate interests in providing network and information security; and
j. You provided us your consent.
13. THE CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with specific rights regarding their Personal Data, including the right to request certain information from businesses subject to the CCPA that collect Personal Data from you, the right to ask such businesses to delete Personal Data collected from you (subject to exceptions), the right to opt-out if a business sells your Personal Data, and the right of non-discrimination if you exercise any of these privacy rights.
Kit acts as a “service provider” under the CCPA when offering the Services to its Customers and our receipt and collection of any Personal Data is completed on behalf of our Customers in order for us to provide the Services. If you are a Subscriber of one of our Customers, please contact the Customer directly with your request for access or deletion under the CCPA. If you contact us, we will refer you to that Customer and support them in responding to your access or deletion request if necessary.
If you exercise your rights under the CCPA, Kit will not discriminate against you, deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different quality of the Services. If Kit ever offers a financial incentive or product enhancement that is contingent upon you providing your Personal Data, we will not do so unless the benefits to you are reasonably related to the value of the Personal Data you provide to us. Kit does not sell your Personal Data.
Kit offers a Data Processing Agreement for those Customers that are considered “businesses” under the CCPA and that process Personal Data on behalf of California residents. To request our Data Processing Agreement, please fill out this
form
. To exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please email us at
legal@kit.com
.
14. OTHER REGION AND STATE-SPECIFIC PRIVACY LAWS AND RIGHTS
Depending on where you live, you may have certain state or country-specific rights regarding your Personal Data. Under some of these laws and regulations, where applicable, you may have the right to access, deletion, correction, verification, portability, opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes, opt-out of profiling, among other rights. To exercise any rights under these or other applicable data protection laws, please email us at
legal@kit.com
.
You may also have the right to file a complaint about Kit’s collection and processing of Personal Data. To file a complaint, contact the applicable supervisory authority or data protection authority.
15. EU-U.S. DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK, UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.S. DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK, AND SWISS-U.S. DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
Kit complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (the “EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (the “Swiss-U.S. DPF”) (collectively, “Data Privacy Framework”), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
Kit has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Kit has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The types of Personal Data we collect are described in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy. The purposes for which we collect and use Personal Data are described in Sections 3 and 4 of this Privacy Policy. The choices we offer individuals for limiting the use and disclosure of Personal Data are described in Section 5 of this Privacy Policy.
We only collect Personal Data that is relevant for providing the Services. We process Personal Data in a way that is compatible with providing the Services or as otherwise authorized by you. We take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. We provide individuals with the opportunity to opt out whether their personal information is (i) to be disclosed to a third party or (ii) to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individuals. We adhere to the DPF Principles for as long as we retain Personal Data.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Kit commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU/EEA, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Kit at
legal@kit.com
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Kit commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to
JAMS
, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided to you at no cost.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Kit’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
You may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other mechanisms. Please visit
here
for more information.
Kit is liable in cases of onward transfers of Personal Data to third parties acting as agents on our behalf. We comply with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of Personal Data from the EU/EEA, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. Kit remains liable under the DPF Principles if Kit’s agent processes such Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Kit enters into contracts with all third parties acting on our behalf and under our instructions, and all third-party contracts comply with the DPF Principles. We do not collect or process sensitive information under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
In certain situations, we may need to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements, or otherwise comply with the law or a court order.
We use reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect personal data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and risks involved in processing that information. If you would like to review, correct, delete, or update Personal Data that you have previously disclosed to us, please email us at
legal@kit.com
. We may limit or deny access to Personal Data only where permitted by the DPF Principles. We will assist our Customers in responding to EU/EEA, UK, and Swiss individuals exercising their rights under the DPF Principles. We need to retain certain information about you for legal and internal business reasons. We will retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to provide you with the Services and as needed to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our agreements.
16. PLANS
If you sign up for a Newsletter Plan on the Services, you agree you will automatically be signed up for a free account on the SparkLoop, LLC (“SparkLoop”) platform located at
https://sparkloop.app/
. When you sign up for a Newsletter Plan on the Services, you agree to SparkLoop’s
Terms of Service Agreement
and
Privacy Policy
.
17. DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
Currently, there is no industry standard for recognizing Do Not Track browser signals, so we do not respond to them.
18. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Kit may change this Privacy Policy at any time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is indicated by the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy. All changes are effective immediately upon posting. Please review this Privacy Policy frequently to stay updated on changes that may affect you. Your continued use of the Services signifies your continuing consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
19. CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at
legal@kit.com
.
Sub-policy 6
http://www.notion.so/notion/Privacy-Policy-3468d120cf614d4c9014c09f6adc9091:

Sub-policy 7
https://www.framer.com/legal/privacy-statement/:
Framer
Copy
Logo as SVG
Brand
Guidelines
Login
Sign up
Start
Features
Resources
Help
Enterprise
Pricing
Legal
Terms of service
Privacy statement
Data processing addendum
Cookie policy
Security
Sub-processors
Privacy statement
Version 1.6
—
January 11, 2021
This Privacy Statement explains how Personal Information about our (potential) customers and other individuals using our services is collected, used and disclosed by Framer B.V., Framer Inc. and its respective affiliates ("us", "we", "our" or "Framer"). This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices in relation to the use of our websites (including any customer portal or interactive customer website) (
https://www.framer.com
and
https://framer.cloud
), our software (Framer), services, solutions, tools, and related applications, services, and programs, including research and marketing activities, offered by us (the "Services"), as well as your choices regarding use, access, storage and correction of Personal Information. It also describes how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process Personal Information collected in relation to our Services and otherwise in the course of our business activities.
By signing up to our Services and by agreeing to our General Terms and Conditions required to use certain of our Services, you agree to the collection, usage, storage and disclosure of information described in this Privacy Statement.
Our Services may contain links to other websites or services; and information practices and/or the content of such other websites or services shall be governed by the privacy statements of such other websites or services.
We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the statement and providing you with additional notifications of such (such as adding a statement to our homepage, in our Framer Preview app or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Statement whenever you use our Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Personal information collection
We only use your personal information to provide you with the Framer Application or to communicate with you about the services.
With respect to any documents or information you may choose to upload to the Framer Application, we take the privacy and confidentiality of such documents seriously. We employ industry standard techniques to protect against unauthorized access of data about you that we store, including personal information.
We do not share personal information you have provided to us without your consent, unless:
- Doing so is appropriate to carry out your own request;
- We believe it is needed to enforce our Terms of Service, or that it is legally required;
- We believe it’s needed to detect, prevent, or address fraud, security, or technical issues;
- Otherwise protect our property, legal rights, or that of others.
As part of our normal business operations, your usage of our Services, our administration of you as a customer and to comply with local laws and regulations we collect your Personal Information. We will not process Personal Information for other purposes than described in this Privacy Statement.
Personal information you provide to us
While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. For example, we collect information when you create an account, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include basic user information (such as your name, email address, social media avatar, telephone number and photograph), company information and any other information you choose to provide.
We will not collect financial information from you (such as your payment card number, expiration date or security code). All payments to us are handled via a third party, Paddle Ltd (
https://paddle.com
). We refer to their Privacy Statement
https://paddle.com/gdpr
.
Personal information we Collect automatically when you use our services
When you access or use our Services we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information
: We collect information about your use of the Services, including the type and version of browser, machine and device you use, access times, usage times, launches, pages viewed, debug, your IP address, the page you visited before navigating to our Services and other statistics.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Services.
Only if you have consented to this, we may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or notifications and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether a notification has been opened and acted upon. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics, Intercom, and Mode that collect, monitor and analyze these statistics to better decipher and analyze the data.
Social Sharing Features:
Our Services may offer social sharing features, which let you share Framer prototypes from our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the company that provides the social sharing feature. We may (in accordance with this Privacy Statement) collect, store, and use Personal Information from other media if you use social sharing features. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection, storage, and processing by other media in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy statements of the companies that provide these features.
Third Parties:
We may also obtain Personal Information about you from third parties, such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Dribbble, Twitter and other publicly accessible sources.
Support and Service:
When you contact us for support or other customer service requests, we can maintain records related to such requests, including any information provided by you related to such support or service requests.
Our Access to Your Content:
Where permitted by law, we will only access, view, or listen to your Content (defined in section 1.2 of our Terms of Service) in limited ways. For example, in order to successfully provide you with our Services we may need to access, view, or listen to your Content to (A) respond to Feedback or support requests; (B) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, legal, or technical issues; and (C) enforce the Terms. Our automated systems may analyze your Content using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our Services and Software and the user experience. Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or ML models.
Marketing or Promotional Communications:
Only if you have subscribed to our newsletter, we may use your Personal Information to contact you with marketing or promotional materials and other information communications related to Framer. If you no longer wish to receive marketing or promotional communications related to us, you can at any moment in time by using the unsubscribe button in the email or emailing
support@framer.com
to request us to stop sending you such communications. Such a request will be processed immediately by us, but in any event within two (2) business days.
Personal information we use
For individuals in the European Economic Area, our processing (i.e. use) of your Personal Information is justified on the following legal bases:
- The processing is necessary to perform an agreement with you or take steps to enter into an agreement at your request;
- The processing is necessary for us to comply with relevant legal obligations;
- The processing is in our legitimate interest, and this justified interest prevails over your privacy; and/or you have consented to the processing.
We collect your Personal Information to:
- Perform our agreement with you and with others;
- Process, evaluate, and complete certain transactions involving the Services;
- Operate, evaluate, maintain, improve, customize, and develop the Services (including by monitoring and analyzing trends, access to, and use of the Services for enhancing customer experience, security of our Services, advertising and marketing);
- Provide you with documentation, communications, or any other services you request;
- Correspond with you to resolve queries or complaints;
- Protect and ensure safety of our Intellectual Property Rights;
- Manage, protect against and investigate fraud, risk exposure, claims, and other liabilities, including but not limited to violation of our contract terms or (international) laws or regulations;
- Adhere to all our worldwide legal obligations.
Personal information we disclose
We operate worldwide and we may share your Personal Information with our affiliated businesses as part of our business operations, administration of the Services and to comply with local laws and regulations. We may also appoint third party service providers (who will operate under our instructions) to assist us in providing information, products or services to you, in conducting and managing our business, or in managing and improving our Services. We may share your personal data with these affiliates and third parties to perform services that the third parties have been engaged by us to perform on our behalf, subject to appropriate contractual restrictions and security measures, or if we believe it is reasonably necessary to prevent harm or loss, or if we believe that the disclosure will further an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activities.
We reserve the right to share any information that is not deemed Personal Information or is not otherwise subject to contractual restrictions.
Where Personal Information is transferred outside the European Economic Area to our affiliated companies or to third party service providers, we will take steps to ensure that your Personal Information is protected by the same level of protection as if it remained within the European Economic Area, including by entering into data transfer agreements using the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses. We contractually require agents, service providers, and affiliates who may process Personal Information related to the Services to provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as required under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
We are committed to processing personal data in accordance with our obligations as a data “processor” or “subprocessor” under applicable EU data protection laws. If your organization is based in the EU or is otherwise directly or indirectly subject to EU data protection laws, including the GDPR, we have executed, or upon request by your organization will execute, and have otherwise committed to comply with the applicable Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission related to our processing or subprocessing of personal data in connection with the services we provide to your organization as our customer. For our customers to which such EU data protection laws apply, these requirements include:
- Processing personal data only in compliance with our customers’ instructions, and promptly informing them if we cannot comply;
- Promptly notifying our customers if we have any reason to believe that law applicable to us would prevent us from complying with our customers’ processing instructions;
- Implementing and maintaining specific and appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect personal data;
- Promptly notifying our customers about any legally binding request for disclosure of personal data by law enforcement, or any accidental or unauthorized access to any personal data, or any request received by us from an EU-based individual whose personal data we may be processing pursuant to the customers’ instructions;
- Submitting our data processing facilities to audit by our customers;
- Providing a copy or summary of the applicable contract between us and our customer to individuals who are unable to obtain such a copy or summary directly from their organization;
- Obtaining consent from our customers for our use of any service providers who will be processing any personal data; and
- Ensuring that any such service providers agree in writing to comply with these requirements.
We may share Personal Information with third parties in connection with potential or actual sale of our company or any of our assets, or those of any affiliated company, in which case Personal Information held by us about our customers and/or users may be one of the transferred assets.
In accordance with our legal obligations, we may also process Personal Information, subject to a lawful request, to public authorities for law enforcement or national security purposes. Further we may also disclose Personal Information where otherwise required by local law or regulations.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We therefore aim to safeguard and protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, and we utilize and maintain certain reasonable processes, systems, and technologies to do so. This also means that our personnel is only allowed to access or process Personal Information if this is reasonably required to do so for work related tasks, to adhere to your request or to fulfill a legal obligation on behalf of us.
Please remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure or error-free. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Accordingly, we cannot be held responsible for unauthorized or unintended access that is beyond our control.
Transferring Personal Information:
As also mentioned above, where Personal Information is transferred outside the European Economic Area to our affiliated companies or to third party service providers, we will take steps to ensure that your Personal Information is protected by the same level of protection as if it remained within the European Economic Area, including by entering into data transfer agreements using the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses. We contractually require agents, service providers, and affiliates who may process Personal Information related to the Services to provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as required under the GDPR.
Personal Information Breach:
In the case of a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Information transmitted, stored, or otherwise processed by us about our customers and/or users, we shall without undue delay and, where feasible, not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it, notify the Personal Information breach to the local supervisory authority, unless the Personal Information breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons. When the Personal Information breach is likely to result in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons we shall communicate the Personal Information breach without undue delay on our security page, unless we have already i) implemented appropriate technical and organizational protection measures, and those measures are applied to the Personal Information affected by the breach, in particular those that render the Personal Information unintelligible to any person who is not authorized to access it, such as encryption, or ii) we have taken subsequent measures which ensure that the high risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons is no longer likely to materialize.
Retention of personal information
In general the collected Personal Information is not stored by us for longer than three years, unless you do a prior deletion request. However, in some circumstances, we may retain certain Personal Information for other periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax, and accounting requirements, or if required by a legal process, legal authority, or other governmental entity having authority to make the request, for so long as required. In specific circumstances, we may also retain certain Personal Information for longer periods of time corresponding to a statute of limitation, so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges.
Children
The Services are not for use by children under the age of 16 years and we do not knowingly collect, store, share, or use Personal Information of children under 16 years. If you are under the age of 16 years, please do not provide any Personal Information, even if prompted by the Services to do so. If you are under the age of 16 years and you have provided Personal Information, please ask your parent(s) or guardian(s) to notify us and we will delete all such Personal Information.
Your EU rights
Based on the GDPR you may have rights available to you in respect of your Personal Information, such as:
- To obtain a copy of your Personal Information together with information about how and on what basis that Personal Information is processed;
- To rectify inaccurate Personal Information (including the right to have incomplete Personal Information completed);
- To delete your Personal Information (where it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed). We strive to anonymize your Personal Information within 30 days after your deletion request;
- To restrict processing of your Personal Information under certain circumstances.
- To port your Personal Information in machine-readable format to a third party (or to you) when we justify our processing on the basis of your consent or the performance of an agreement with you;
- To withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Information (where that processing is based on your consent);
- To obtain, or see a copy of the appropriate safeguards under which your Personal Information is transferred to a third country or international organization outside of the European Economic Area; and
- To lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection.
In addition to the above rights, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to any processing of your Personal Information which we have justified on the basis of a legitimate interest, including profiling (as opposed to your consent) or to perform a contract with you. You also have the right to object at any time to any processing of your Personal Information for marketing or promotional purposes, including profiling for marketing or promotional purposes.
In relation to all of these rights or if you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please send an email to
compliance@framer.com
.
Please note that we may request proof of identity, and we reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, especially if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. We will endeavor to respond to your request within all applicable timeframes.
Your california privacy rights
This section provides additional details about the Personal Information we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act or "CCPA".
We do not sell the Personal Information we collect to third parties for money or any other consideration, as that term is generally understood. However, the CCPA’s definition of "sale" is very broad and might be construed to include the following:
- Situations where browsing data is sent to referral advertisers - when you click on an ad that sends you to our website, we send a hashed identifier to the referring site so they can receive credit for the referral. We, along with millions of other sites, use these services. While we limit the information sent to what is needed to properly record the referral, the fact that you clicked on the link and visited Revinate may be added to your profile by the ad publisher. You have the right to opt out of this by sending us a request as described below.
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we collect (including how we use and disclose this information), to delete their personal information, to opt out of any "sales" that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by contacting
our Compliance team
.
Privacy shield
As of July 16, 2020, we no longer rely on the Privacy Shield as a transfer mechanism for data transfers given the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield are no longer valid as a result of the CJEU ruling in Schrems II. However, to the extent Framer has ongoing obligations under our existing Privacy Shield Certification, we will continue to honor them. Our Privacy Shield certification is available
here
.
Where Personal Information is transferred outside the European Economic Area to our affiliated companies or to third party service providers, we will take steps to ensure that your Personal Information is protected by the same level of protection as if it remained within the European Economic Area, including by entering into data transfer agreements using the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses, or by relying on certification schemes such as the Privacy Shield. We contractually require agents, service providers, and affiliates who may process Personal Information related to the Services to provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as required under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
Framer complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Framer has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of (1) Notice; (2) Choice; (3) Accountability for Onward Transfer; (4) Security; (5) Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation; (6) Access; and (7) Recourse, Enforcement and Liability (collectively, the “Privacy Shield Principles”).
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
. As further set forth in the Privacy Shield Principles, we remain potentially liable if a third party processing Personal Data received from the EU or Switzerland on our behalf processes that Personal Data in a manner that is inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles (unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage). Framer is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission with respect to any failure to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding U.S. privacy practices should contact us at compliance@framer.com.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Framer commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Framer at: support@framer.com.
Framer has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to Jams ADR, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Jams ADR are provided at no cost to you. If your complaint still remains unresolved, then you have the right to invoke binding arbitration by the Privacy Shield Panel upon written notice to Framer at: support@framer.com.
We may share Personal Information with third parties in connection with potential or actual sale of our company or any of our assets, or those of any affiliated company, in which case Personal Information held by us about our customers and/or users may be one of the transferred assets.
In accordance with our legal obligations and our
privacy statement
, we may also process Personal Information, subject to a lawful request, to public authorities for law enforcement or national security purposes. Further we may also disclose Personal Information where otherwise required by local law or regulations.
Sub-policy 8
https://impresskit.net/page/privacy-policy:
Impress
Kit
Home
Migrate Press Kit
Login
Privacy policy
Last updated: 22 February 2022
Filip Nemecek (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates https://impresskit.net (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information is currently only the email used when registering for the service.
Your data
Because Press Kits and Press Releases are meant to be publicly seen, you should upload only data that you don't mind sharing publicly. Anyone with a link to your press kit or press release can freely view all the information. Only exception is press release marked as "Draft" which is visible only to you.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we use error reporting service Sentry that collects, monitors and analyze information about possible crashes and service performance. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 22, 2022 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.dropbox.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Products
Dropbox
Store, share, and access files across devices
Replay
Review and approve videos faster
Backup
Automatically back up your devices
Reclaim.ai
Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI
Dash
Find, organize, and protect company content
DocSend
Send documents securely and track activity
Sign
Request and add signatures to documents
Early access
Preview new product experiences
Solutions
Teams
Sales
Marketing
HR
IT
Creatives
Use cases
Cloud storage
Video review
Signing documents
Sharing files
Industries
Construction
Technology
Manufacturing
Media
Professional services
Education
Enterprise
Pricing
Contact sales
Get app
Desktop app
Mobile app
Sign up
Log in
Get started
Products
Dropbox
Store, share, and access files across devices
Replay
Review and approve videos faster
Backup
Automatically back up your devices
Reclaim.ai
Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI
Dash
Find, organize, and protect company content
DocSend
Send documents securely and track activity
Sign
Request and add signatures to documents
Early access
Preview new product experiences
Solutions
Teams
Sales
Marketing
HR
IT
Creatives
Use cases
Cloud storage
Video review
Signing documents
Sharing files
Industries
Construction
Technology
Manufacturing
Media
Professional services
Education
Enterprise
Pricing
Contact sales
Get app
Desktop app
Mobile app
Language
Get started
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Business Agreement
DMCA Policy
Acceptable Use
Open Source
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Business Agreement
DMCA Policy
Acceptable Use
Open Source
If your organization signed a Dropbox Business, Dropbox Services, or Dropbox Enterprise Agreement with Dropbox, that Agreement may have modified the privacy policy below. Please
contact your organization’s Admin
for details.
Dropbox Privacy Policy
Posted: September 26, 2023
Effective: September 26, 2023
You can see the previous Privacy Policy
here
.
Thanks for using Dropbox! Here we describe how we collect, use, and handle your personal data when you use our websites, software, and services (“
Services
”). For more information and details, please see our
Frequently Asked Questions page
.
What & Why
We collect and use the following information to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services.
Account information.
We collect, and associate with your account, the information you provide to us when you do things such as sign up for your account, upgrade to a paid plan, and set up two-factor authentication (like your name, email address, phone number, payment info, and physical address).
Your Stuff.
Our Services are designed as a simple and personalized way for you to store your files, documents, photos, comments, messages, and so on (“
Your Stuff
”), collaborate with others, and work across multiple devices and services. To make that possible, we store, process, and transmit Your Stuff as well as information related to it. This related information includes your
profile information
that makes it easier to collaborate and share Your Stuff with others, as well as things like the size of the file, the time it was uploaded, collaborators, and usage activity.
Contacts.
You may choose to give us access to your contacts to make it easy for you, and your Dropbox Team if you’re a Dropbox Team user, to do things like share and collaborate on Your Stuff, send messages, and invite others to use the Services. If you do, we’ll store those contacts on our servers.
Usage information.
We collect information related to how you use the Services, including actions you take in your account (like sharing, editing, viewing, creating and moving files or folders, and sending and receiving electronic signature requests and other transactions). We use this information to provide, improve, and promote our Services, and protect Dropbox users. Please refer to our
FAQ
for more information about how we use this usage information.
Device information.
We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Services. For example, we use device information to detect abuse and identify and troubleshoot bugs.
Cookies and other technologies.
We use technologies like
cookies and pixel tags
to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. For example, cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next visit, understanding how you are interacting with our Services, and improving them based on that information. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Services. If our systems receive a DNT:1 signal from your browser, we’ll respond to that signal as outlined
here
. We may also use third-party service providers that set cookies and similar technologies to promote Dropbox services. You can learn more about how cookies and similar technologies work, as well as how to opt out of the use of them for advertising purposes,
here
.
DocSend and Dropbox analytics.
When you use the DocSend or Dropbox analytics portion of our Services to view content, we collect information including your identifying and device information, such as email addresses, IP addresses, and device identifiers of devices you use to view the content. We also collect information on how you interact with the viewed content, such as the date and time you view the content, the number of times and length of time you view the content, and which portions of the content you view.
Marketing.
We give users the option to use some of our Services free of charge. These free Services are made possible by the fact that some users upgrade to one of our paid Services. If you register for our Services, we will, from time to time, send you information about upgrades when permissible. Users who receive these marketing materials can opt out at any time. If you don’t want to receive a particular type of marketing material from us, click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the corresponding emails, or update your preferences in the
Notifications
section of your personal account.
We may also collect information from you if you interact with Dropbox representatives at an event, download marketing or educational materials from our website, or contact a Dropbox representative. We may use the information you provide to send you additional marketing materials.
We sometimes contact people who don’t have a Dropbox account. For recipients in the EU, we or a third party will obtain consent before reaching out. If you receive an email and no longer wish to be contacted by Dropbox, you can unsubscribe and remove yourself from our contact list via the message itself.
Bases for processing your data.
We collect and use the personal data described above in order to provide you with the Services in a reliable and secure manner. We also collect and use personal data for our legitimate business needs. To the extent we process your personal data for other purposes, we ask for your consent in advance or require that our partners obtain such consent. For more information on the lawful bases for processing your data, please see our
FAQ
.
For more details on the categories of personal information that are included in the information above, please see our
FAQ
.
With Whom
We may share information as discussed below, but we won’t sell it to advertisers or other third parties.
Others working for and with Dropbox.
Dropbox uses certain trusted third parties (for example, providers of customer support and IT services) for the business purposes of helping us provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. These third parties will access your information to perform tasks on our behalf, and we’ll remain responsible for their handling of your information per our instructions. For a list of trusted third parties that we use to process your personal data and more details on the categories of personal information that we’ve disclosed, please see our
FAQ
.
Other Dropbox Companies.
Dropbox shares infrastructure, systems, and technology with other Dropbox Companies to provide, improve, protect, and promote Dropbox Company Services. We process your information across the Dropbox Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with their terms and policies. For more information on Dropbox Companies, Dropbox Company Services, and how your data is used, please see our
FAQ
.
Other users.
Our Services are designed to help you collaborate with others. If you register your Dropbox account with an email address on a domain owned by your employer or organization, join a Dropbox Team, or collaborate with other Dropbox users, we may suggest you or your team as a potential collaborator to other users or teams. For example, if you interact with a person at a company, and that person frequently works with one of their coworkers, we may suggest you as a potential collaborator for that coworker. Collaborators and potential collaborators may see some of your basic information, like your name, Dropbox Team name, profile picture, device, email address, and usage information. This helps you sync up with teams you can join and helps other users share files and folders with you.
Certain features let you make additional information available to others. For example, if you view a file or folder shared from DocSend or Dropbox analytics, we will share your identifying information such as name and email address, information on the device you used to view the content, and for how long you viewed content and what portion of the content you viewed with the owner of the file or folder.
Other applications.
You can choose to connect your Dropbox account with third-party services––for example, via
Dropbox APIs
. By doing so, you’re enabling Dropbox and those third parties to exchange information about you and data in your account so that Dropbox and those third parties can provide, improve, protect, and promote their services. Please remember that third parties’ use of your information will be governed by their own privacy policies and terms of service.
Team Admins.
If you are a user of a Dropbox Team, your administrator may have the ability to access and control your Dropbox Team account. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this. If you aren’t a Dropbox Team user but interact with a Dropbox Team user (for example, by joining a shared folder or accessing stuff shared by that user), members of that organization may be able to view information about you (such as your name, email address, and profile picture) and your interaction with the Dropbox Team user (such as your IP address). If you share Your Stuff with a Dropbox Team user, the administrator of the team account may have the ability to access and edit what you share.
Law & Order and the Public Interest.
We may disclose your information to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate government request; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Dropbox or our users; (d) protect Dropbox’s rights, property, safety, or interest; or (e) perform a task carried out in the public interest.
Stewardship of your data is critical to us and a responsibility that we embrace. We believe that your data should receive the same legal protections regardless of whether it’s stored on our Services or on your home computer’s hard drive. We’ll abide by the following
Government Request Principles
when receiving, scrutinizing, and responding to government requests (including national security requests) for your data:
Be transparent
Fight blanket requests
Protect all users, and
Provide trusted services.
We publish a
Transparency Report
as part of our commitment to informing you about when and how governments ask us for information. This report details the types and numbers of requests we receive from law enforcement. We encourage you to review our
Government Request Principles
and
Transparency Report
for more detailed information on our approach and response to government requests.
How
Security.
We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and testing for vulnerabilities. We continue to work on features to keep your information safe in addition to things like two-factor authentication, encryption of files at rest, and alerts when new devices and apps are linked to your account. We deploy automated technologies to detect abusive behavior and content that may harm our Services, you, or other users.
User Controls.
You can access, amend, download, and delete your personal information by logging into your Dropbox account and going to your
account settings page
. Learn more
here
about managing your account information generally, or click
here
to learn how to change your
profile information
.
Retention.
When you sign up for an account with us, we’ll retain information you store on our Services for as long as your account exists or as long as we need it to provide you the Services. If you delete your account, we’ll initiate deletion of this information after 30 days. Learn more
here
. But please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
Use of Data from Google APIs.
Dropbox’s use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Where
Around the world.
To provide you with the Services, we may store, process, and transmit data in the United States and locations around the world—including those outside your country. Data may also be stored locally on the devices you use to access the Services.
Data Transfers.
When transferring data from the European Union, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Dropbox relies upon a variety of legal mechanisms, such as contracts with our customers and affiliates,
Standard Contractual Clauses
, the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the European Commission's
adequacy decisions
about certain countries, as applicable.
Data Privacy Frameworks.
Dropbox complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks, as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the processing of personal data transferred from the European Union, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States. Dropbox has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Principles of these Data Privacy Frameworks with respect to such data, but this does not include the DocSend or Formswift portions of the Services. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Principles shall govern. In accordance with the Principles, Dropbox shall remain liable for onward transfers if a processor processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
Dropbox is subject to oversight by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. JAMS is the US-based independent organization responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about our Data Privacy Framework compliance—free of charge to you. We ask that you first submit any such complaints directly to us via
privacy@dropbox.com
. If you aren’t satisfied with our response, please contact JAMS at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
. In the event your concern still isn’t addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration as set forth in Annex I of the Data Privacy Framework Principles.
Your Control and Access of Your Data
You have control over your personal data and how it’s collected, used, and shared. For example, you can:
Delete Your Stuff in your Dropbox account.
You can learn more about how to delete files saved on Dropbox
here
.
Change or correct personal data.
You can manage your account and the content contained in it, as well as edit some of your personal data, through your
account settings page
.
Access and take your data elsewhere.
You can access your personal data from your Dropbox account and you can download a copy of Your Stuff in a machine readable format as outlined
here
. You can also ask us for a copy of personal data you provided to us or that we’ve collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting it, the types of sources we got it from, and types of third parties we’ve shared it with.
Object to the processing of your personal data.
Depending on the processing activity, you can request that we stop or limit processing of your personal data.
If you would like to submit a data access request or object to the processing of your personal data, please email us at
privacy@dropbox.com
. To request that your personal data be deleted, please fill out this
form
. For more information on how to control and access your personal data, please see our
FAQ
.
Dropbox as controller or processor.
If you reside in North America (the United States, Canada, and Mexico), Dropbox, Inc. acts as your service provider. For all other users, Dropbox International Unlimited Company acts as a controller of your personal data. Outside of North America, if you are a Dropbox Team customer or use the Dropbox Sign or DocSend team portions of the Services, Dropbox acts as a processor of your data.
Changes
If we’re involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of our assets, your data may be transferred as part of that deal. We’ll notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
Contact
Have questions or concerns about Dropbox, our Services, and privacy? Contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@dropbox.com
. If they can’t answer your question, you have the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority.