Login
Sign up
Home
Discover
My Bookings
Search
More
ABOUT
© 2022 Foody Craft by Craftech Media Solutions LTD
FoodyCraft Privacy Policy
foodycraft.com
(the "Site") is owned and operated by CRAFTECH Media Solutions LIMITED. Craftech Media Solutions Limited is the data controller and can be contacted at:
info@foodycraft.com
Purpose
The purpose of this privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy") is to inform users of our Site of the following:
The personal data we will collect.
Use of collected data.
Who has access to the data collected.
The rights of Site users.
The Site's cookie policy.
This Privacy Policy applies in addition to the terms and conditions of our Site.
GDPR
For users in the European Union, we adhere to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"). For users in the United Kingdom, we adhere to the GDPR as enshrined in the Data Protection Act 2018.
We have not appointed a Data Protection Officer as we do not fall within the categories of controllers and processors required to appoint a Data Protection Officer under Article 37 of the GDPR.
Consent
By using our Site users agree that they consent to:
The conditions set out in this Privacy Policy.
When the legal basis for us processing your personal data is that you have provided your consent to that processing, you may withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, it will not make processing which we completed before you withdrew your consent unlawful.
You can withdraw your consent by: Contact data.privacy@foodycraft.com.
Legal Basis for Processing
We collect and process personal data about users in the EU only when we have a legal basis for doing so under Article 6 of the GDPR.
We rely on the following legal bases to collect and process the personal data of users in the EU:
Users have provided their consent to the processing of their data for one or more specific purposes.
Processing of user personal data is necessary to a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of our official authority.
Personal Data We Collect
We only collect data that helps us achieve the purpose set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not collect any additional data beyond the data listed below without notifying you first.
Data Collected Automatically
When you visit and use our Site, we may automatically collect and store the following information:
IP address.
Approximate location from request ip address.
Content viewed.
How We Use Personal Data
Data collected on our Site will only be used for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy or indicated on the relevant pages of our Site. We will not use your data beyond what we disclose in this Privacy Policy.
The data we collect automatically is used for the following purposes:
Using user IP Address or Location to bring suggestions from local posts nearby that he may be interested in.
Using content viewed to collect anonymous statistics on content.
Who We Share Personal Data With
Employees
We may disclose user data to any member of our organisation who reasonably needs access to user data to achieve the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Third Parties
We may share user data with the following third parties:
Google Services.
We may share the following user data with third parties:
Events likes content views and pages navigation, and user essential and functional cookies.
We may share user data with third parties for the following purposes:
Build statistics on content views; and
Provide authentication service.
Third parties will not be able to access user data beyond what is reasonably necessary to achieve the given purpose.
Other Disclosures
We will not sell or share your data with other third parties, except in the following cases:
If the law requires it.
If it is required for any legal proceeding.
To prove or protect our legal rights.
To buyers or potential buyers of this company in the event that we seek to sell the company.
If you follow hyperlinks from our Site to another Site, please note that we are not responsible for and have no control over their privacy policies and practices.
How Long We Store Personal Data
User data will be stored until the purpose the data was collected for has been achieved.
You will be notified if your data is kept for longer than this period.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
In order to protect your security, we use the strongest available browser encryption and store all of our data on servers in secure facilities. All data is only accessible to limited number of our employees. Our employees are bound by strict confidentiality agreements and a breach of this agreement would result in the employee's dismissal.
While we take all reasonable precautions to ensure that user data is secure and that users are protected, there always remains the risk of harm. The Internet as a whole can be insecure at times and therefore we are unable to guarantee the security of user data beyond what is reasonably
Your Rights as a User
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights:
Right to be informed.
Right of access.
Right to rectification.
Right to erasure.
Right to restrict processing.
Right to data portability.
Right to object.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under 16 years of age. If we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under 16 years of age, the personal data will be deleted as soon as possible. If a child under 16 years of age has provided us with personal data their parent or guardian may contact our privacy officer.
How to Access, Modify, Delete, or Challenge the Data Collected
If you would like to know if we have collected your personal data, how we have used your personal data, if we have disclosed your personal data and to who we disclosed your personal data, if you would like your data to be deleted or modified in any way, or if you would like to exercise any of your other rights under the GDPR, please contact our privacy officer at:
privacy-team@foodycraft.com
Do Not Track Notice
Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that you can set in certain web browsers. We do not track the users of our Site over time and across third party websites and therefore do not respond to browser-initiated DNT signals. We are not responsible for and cannot guarantee how any third parties who interact with our Site and your data will respond to DNT signals.
How to Opt-Out of Data Collection, Use or Disclosure
In addition to the method(s) described in the
How to Access, Modify, Delete, or Challenge the Data Collected
section, we provide the following specific opt-out methods for the forms of collection, use, or disclosure of your personal data specified below:
User can opt-out by choosing not to allow notifications on certain action. You can opt-out by unsubscribe to certain option on account notifications panel.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file, stored on a user's hard drive by a website. Its purpose is to collect data relating to the user's browsing habits. You can choose to be notified each time a cookie is transmitted. You can also choose to disable cookies entirely in your internet browser, but this may decrease the quality of your user experience.
We use the following types of cookies on our Site:
Functional cookies
Functional cookies are used to remember the selections you make on our Site so that your selections are saved for your next visits.
Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies allow us to improve the design and functionality of our Site by collecting data on posts views.
Modifications
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time in order to maintain compliance with the law and to reflect any changes to our data collection process. When we amend this Privacy Policy we will update the "Effective Date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that our users periodically review our Privacy Policy to ensure that they are notified of any updates. If necessary, we may notify users by email of changes to this Privacy Policy.
Complaints
If you have any complaints about how we process your personal data, please contact us through the contact methods listed in the
Contact Information
section so that we can, where possible, resolve the issue. If you feel we have not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner you may contact a supervisory authority. You also have the right to directly make a complaint to a supervisory authority. You can lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority by contacting the Data Protection Commission.
Health Data Collection and Use
Foody Craft Dietitian AI Dashboard and client Mobile Application enhance client engagement and data collection. To enhance this functionality and provide a more tailored experience, the app may, with your explicit consent, access health data from your device's health app. This data may include but is not limited to: health data, activity levels, dietary restrictions, health goals, and other health-related information. This data is used to provide a more tailored experience and to provide more accurate and relevant health and nutrition advice.
This health information is used solely to provide a more tailored experience and to provide more accurate and relevant health and nutrition advice, adjust recipe recommendations based on your activity level, suggest meal plans aligned with your dietary restrictions, and track your progress towards your health goals. We do not share this data with any third parties, and it is stored securely on your device. You can revoke access to your health data at any time through your device's settings.
Craftech Media Solutions LTD
We use cookies to improve your experience
Necessary cookies
Functional cookies
Vendors
Google Analytics
Google Maps
Google Fonts
Foody Craft
Optional cookies
Marketing cookies
Vendors
Tag Manger
By clicking ‘Accept All,’ you consent to the use of cookies.
Decline Non Necessary
Accept All