Terms & Privacy Policy
Analytics for Cloudflare® is an application for iPhone, iPad and Mac that shows website analytics & insights from websites connected to the Cloudflare service.
Analytics for Cloudflare® is powered by the official Cloudflare API. Please note that the developer of this app is not directly affiliated with Cloudflare.
This document includes the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy to disclose how and when the application collects and uses your information. 
        This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any third parties that we do not own or control. 
        Cloudflare's privacy policy is available
here
.
If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at
support(@)visits.cloud
.
Information Processed
We do not collect any personal data, taps or clicks for tracking purposes within the app.
To show analytics for your websites in the app, you need to connect with your Cloudflare API token.
        Your token is securely stored on your device only. It is solely used to request analytics from the official Cloudflare API and never shared with any other third party.
We access data from the official Cloudflare API and locally process and show them on your device only. We do not store or process any of your website's analytics data outside your device.
Contact & Support
If you need any assistance or support, please do not hesitate to contact us at
support(@)visits.cloud
.
Disclaimer
The operators of the app assume no liability or warranty for the accuracy of the information provided. Despite careful checks, there may be errors in the calculation or display of the data. 
        Furthermore, updates of the operating system or app updates may lead to errors within the app. There is no legal recourse to the operators of this app in these and any other cases.
Your Consent
By using the app and its provided services, you consent to the most recent version of the Terms of Use & Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change the Terms & Privacy Policy at any time.
This document was last updated on December 23rd, 2022.
Download Analytics for Cloudflare® for iPhone, iPad & Mac on the Apple App Store.