Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 20, 2023
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our 
     compliance with this policy.
By using this application, or any products, services, sites, features or 
     functionality associated therewith (collectively, the "Application"), you agree 
     to be bound by this Blue Door Systems, LLC. Mobile Privacy Policy ("Mobile Privacy Policy")
      in addition to such other Blue Door Systems, LLC. privacy policies or terms of use 
      made available to you in connection with the Application or any web-based 
      version of the Application. 
     Certain features of the Application may require you to be a registered member or
      provide personal information.
This policy applies to all information that the App collects, uses, and shares when you use the App. By using the App, you agree to the collection, use, and sharing of your information as described in this policy.
Information Collected and Used by the App
The App collects and uses certain information about you and your device in order to provide the App's features and functionality.
Information you provide when you contact us for help
We may collect and store some or all of the following information you make available to us:
Device information: We may collect information about your device, such as the device's model, operating system, and unique device identifier.
Usage data: We may collect information about your usage of the App, including the features and functions you access, the content you view or listen to, and the length of time you use the App.
Information about how you use the Application (for example, how many times you use the Application each day)
Requested and referring URLs
Device settings (e.g., language preference)
Mobile carrier
Location data collected through your device (including, for example, precise location data such as GPS and WiFi information)
We may use this information to provide, maintain, and improve the App, to personalize your experience, and to communicate with you about the App and other products or services that may be of interest to you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Advertising
The Application is supported via advertising, and collects data to help the Application serve and display ads. We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with the Application and your device, which helps us keep the cost of the Application low or free. Advertisers and advertising networks may access and use the information made available by you or collected by the Application, including the unique device or advertising identifier associated with your device and your precise location information, in order to help analyze and serve targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere (including third-party sites and applications). We encourage you to review your device and Application settings to ensure they are consistent with your preferences, including with respect to the collection and use of such information. We may also share encrypted versions of information we have collected in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising-related use (on or off the Application, including third-party sites and applications). You may be able to stop further collection of certain information by the Application by updating your applicable device or Application settings, or you may uninstall the Application.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Sharing of Information
We may share your information with third parties in the following circumstances:
With service providers: We may share your information with third-party service providers who perform services on our behalf, such as hosting, analytics, and customer service.
With third-party partners: We may share your information with third-party partners who offer products or services that may be of interest to you.
With law enforcement or in response to legal requests: We may disclose your information to law enforcement or in response to legal requests if we believe it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, to protect the safety, rights, or property of ourselves or others, or to prevent or stop illegal or harmful activity.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties for research, analytics, or other purposes.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. However, no security measures are perfect, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case We discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at hello@bluedoorsystems.com so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Policy
We may update this policy from time to time. We will post any changes on this page, and we encourage you to review the policy periodically for updates. For questions about this Mobile Privacy Policy, please contact us at hello@bluedoorsystems.com We will do our best to respond to you in a timely and professional manner to answer your questions and resolve your concerns.