PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: November 26, 2024
This privacy notice explains how we collect, use, and share your information when you contact us, or use our services (such as our website and apps).
1. Collected information
Aggregated information is collected anonymously.
Personal information; when you contact us.
Name
Email address
Website usage data (aggregated)
The pages our users visited
Region where our users' web requests originated
How many users had a first interaction with our website
How our users' sessions began (i.e. direct link or organic search)
Application diagnostics (aggregated)
Software crash stack traces
HTTP response rates
Countries accessed from
Device models and operating system versions
Average memory use
App interaction times
App interaction logs
2. How Do We Use Your Information?
To contact you, in response to your inquiries
To better understand, improve, and secure our services
To comply with legal obligations and detect fraud
3. Legal Bases for Processing
We process your data based on your consent, our legal obligations, and our interest in providing quality services.
4. Sharing Information
None of the information we collect is sold, transferred to third parties, or used to target you for advertisement. However, we may provide temporary access to anonymous data to comply with legal requirements, or when seeking consultation.
5. Data Retention
When you contact us, the personal information you share is retained until our arrairs are complete.
When users access our services, their aggregated usage and diagnostic data is retained for anywhere from 8 days up to 1 year, depending on data type.
6. Data Security
We take data protection and privacy seriously. Although we have taken comprehensive steps to secure collected data, we cannot guarantee complete security.
7. Your Rights
You may have the right to access, correct, delete, or restrict the use of your personal information. Contact us to exercise your rights.
8. Updates to This Policy
We may update this policy to stay compliant with relevant laws, or to refine the agreement.
CONTACT US
For questions, contact us at 07.amoebae.flask@icloud.com.