Privacy Policy
Making sure you are protected
Back
R21 Ecommerce Ltd. (Trade Local) are fully committed to protecting your privacy and giving you the safest on-line experience. This privacy Policy applies to the websites owned, controlled and managed by R21 Ecommerce Ltd. (Trade Local) and governs data collection and usage.
What personal data do we collect?
Trade Local collects personal data to operate our business and to provide you with the product and services that we offer. You provide some of this data to us directly, for example when you open an account with us, contact an seller on the site, or send a query to our support team. Other data is collected when you interact with our products, by using cookies and other technologies.
When using our site, you have choices about what data we collect, and when you are asked to provide personal data you may decline. If you decline to provide data that is necessary to provide you with a particular product or feature, you may not be able to use this product or feature.
We collect personal data in the following ways
Through information you provide to us
Through your use of our services
Device and internet connection information
Information about how our services are used
The number of pages you visits, search terms used etc.
Cookies provide us with information about usage.
Geographic Location
We collect information via Social Media platforms, Facebook Pixel etc.
Contacting Business Users
Communications with Trade Local via customer support or advertising
Security Monitoring and Investigations, reviewing IP addresses and locations
Legal Disclosures – should we need to contact the Garda due to the unlawful usage of our website product or services.
Change of Ownership – if Trade Local is sold or merged with another business
Data Retention
The amount of time that we retain data for, depends on the type of data being retained, and how that is used. In some cases, there will be a legal requirement for us to hold data for a specified amount of time. In other cases, we will not retain the data for any longer than necessary for the purpose that it was collected and processed.
When you register an account with us, we will retain the information that you provide to us for as long as you hold this account. Once this account has been deleted from our system this data will be completely removed.
Right to Access Your Personal Data
Non-registered and registered users of the Sites can request we provide them with a copy of the personally identifiable information we hold by using our data request feature.
Right to Control Your Personal Data
Registered users of our site can update their information via the My Account section of the website.
Right to Data Deletion
Non- registered and registered users of our sites can request we delete any personally identifiable information we hold by using our data request feature. In some instances we may be unable to delete your data if we are required to retain it to comply with our legal obligations (including requests from law enforcement agencies). Registered users can delete their account data in the My Account section.
Direct marketing
We will only send you marketing information where you have opted in to receive these communications.
Cookie Policy
What are cookies and how are they used?
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your device’s web browser by a website and is stored on your *device's hard drive. Cookies may allow a website to “remember” your actions or preferences over a period of time, or they may contain data related to the function or delivery of the website.
List of Cookies
_ga – Google Analytics cookie: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
_gid – Google Analytics cookie: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
PHPSESSID: Cookie set by the programming language PHP, used to identify sessions
The Site also includes
Google Analytics Advertising Features: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2700409
Facebook Pixel: https://www.facebook.com/business/learn/facebook-ads-pixel
Third party links
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Rights You have at any time the right to request a copy of the personal data that The Trade Local hold about or to object to the processing of such data. We will not keep the information on our systems for any longer than is necessary for us to meet the purpose of holding that information.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or you wish to exercise any of the abovementioned rights, please send an e-mail to
info@tradelocal.ie
We use cookies on our website to enhance your browsing experience and deliver essential functionality by remembering your preferences, location if you activated it and more. No personal information is stored. By using our site, you accept the use of these necessary cookies.
Ok
x
BUY LOCAL
●
SELL LOCAL
●
SUPPORT LOCAL
Welcome to tradelocal.ie!
it's your brand new local classifieds website!
Register now & start connecting directly with your locals today!
it's completely free & easy to join!