Last updated
February 12 2023
Privacy Policy
I take your privacy very seriously. I neither want nor need to know anything about your personal data. To that end I’ve designed the app from the ground up to ensure that your data stays completely private.
Icon Maker can optionally access some of your personal data for display within the app. This includes your photos. All of this access is handled using the standard iOS privacy prompts. If you give app access to this data it will be read and displayed only within the app.
I don’t want the responsibility of managing your personal data correctly, so I don’t collect it, which I think is better for both of us. Besides that, to make app better, it collects some usage statistic using Apple’s “IdentifierForVendor” API. The identifier generated out with this method has no relation to any of the user’s identifiable information or private data. Deleting and reinstalling the app will generate a new identifier and sever any connection to the old one. This anonymous data is shared with my analytics provider (
TelemetryDeck
).
If you sign-up for a Theme Plus subscription, additional non-personally identifiable data will be kept. Your billing information, address, and name are all maintained by the App Store and are not visible to me. I will simply get information about whether or not you have purchased a subscription, the term you signed up for and when it is due to expire. This is all made available to me in an anonymous fashion. This anonymous data is also shared with my purchase provider (
RevenueCat
).
Now for the legal boilerplate part of the Privacy Policy.
Personally-Identifying Information
The app does not gather or transmit any Personally-Identifying Information outside of your local device. It only stores preferences about the user interface within its local database.
Business Transfers
If the app, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that app goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, this policy and its effects may change or be amended. (As the app does not collect any information about you there is very little effect this would likely have in practice.)
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, the app may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at its sole discretion. Your continued use of this app after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify us and undertake to keep us indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of our legal advisers) incurred or suffered by us arising out of use of this app or any breach by you of any provision of these terms of use, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms of use.
Your continued use of the app will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about it, feel free to contact me by mail@aplekhanov.com
This policy is effective as of 12 February 2023.