Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Personal and activity data are collected and may be connected.
To provide a better experience, we employ technologies such as unique device IDs to identify your device. We may collect personally identifiable information such as your name, address, phone number, and email address that you supply to us.
In the process of delivering service to you, our systems may correlate this personal information with your activity (such as pages you view or things you click on or search for).
We never intentionally contact or collect personal information from minors under the age of thirteen. If you feel we have gathered such information mistakenly, please notify us so that we can erase it.
Your location history may be collected, but it is not shared.
As part of your user profile, we may collect and retain your specific geographic location in order to personalise our service for you. This allows us to deliver address results that are specific to your present location. This information is rarely shared with others. On your initial usage of the service, we may ask for your permission.
You have the right to examine your personal information.
You can send us an email requesting any personally identifiable information we have on file, such as your name, email address, mailing address, or phone number. We save personal information until you ask us to erase it. After you delete your account, we destroy any personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email, or phone number) and any preferences linked with it. Other information may be kept indefinitely.
We do not share your personal information with third parties.
We don't usually disclose personally identifiable information (such your name, address, email, or phone number) with other businesses. You have the right to inquire about personal information. Please contact us if you have any questions or complaints regarding our privacy policies.
We take precautions to safeguard personal information. We take reasonable precautions to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your personally identifiable information. On pages where you give payment information, we encrypt data transfer. No security or encryption approach, however, can ensure that information will be safe from hackers or human mistake. We may keep or process the information we gather on computers in any nation where we conduct business.
Special circumstances may necessitate the sharing of your personal information.
We may share identifiable and anonymous information with third parties to operate the service in the following limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we believe it is required by law, (3) when we believe it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution, or sale of assets. In certain circumstances, your approval will not be necessary for disclosure, but we will make every effort to notify you to the degree authorized by law.
More information on privacy may be found here.
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application. If the change materially affects registered users, we will send a notice to you by email, push notification or text.
DRIVERS PRIVACY POLICY
1)CONTACT INFORMATION
We welcome your comments regarding this privacy statement at the contact address given at the App. Should there be any concerns about contravention of this Privacy Policy, we will employ all commercially reasonable efforts to address the same. The terms in this Policy may be changed by us at any time. Should you have concerns regarding this Policy or the Services that we offer, please feel free to write to us.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, all users or visitors of the App agree that they have read the terms mentioned in this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by them for as long as they continue to either use the App or avail Services of the Company.
2) PERMISSIONS
We are using the following permission set for only input purposes. These permissions are not used to store any type of personal information from the user.
android.permission.CAMERA
android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS,
android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
Above authorizations are utilized distinctly to catch data from the camera, perused telephone state, and read contact for perusing contact subtleties for a crisis call. Information of client taking under authorization is appropriately secure and under law of google consents.
Location Permission Declaration:
ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION
ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION
ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION & ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION
Above permission is used for access location after allowing the user for accurate delivery of the product to door of customer. Location service is used under the privacy policy of Google Play Developer Program Policies. We don’t share any type of location data or customer information for any additional resources. we ensure to the customer for safe and accurate delivery with privacy taking under an authorization is appropriately secure and under the law of google consents.
ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION
Above the location background, permission is used for Delivery/service (for example, food, package) tracking on the user side. Location service is used under the privacy policy of Google Play Developer Program Policies. We don’t share any type of location data or customer information for any additional resources taking under an authorization is appropriately secure and under the law of google consents.
.1 When you visit the App or use our Service, we collect and store information about you, your computer or mobile device and your activities. This information may include, but is not limited to:
2.2.1 Your computer’s IP address; technical information about your computer or mobile device (such as type of device, web browser or operating system).
2.2.2 Your mobile device’s unique ID number (when available), your mobile device’s geographic location (specific geographic location if you’ve enabled collection of that information, or general geographic location automatically).
2.2.3 Your provided full name, email address, zip code and other information you may provide with your account, such as your gender and birth date. You may optionally provide us with this information through third party sign-in services such as Facebook and Google Plus. In such cases, we fetch and store whatever information is made available to us by you through these sign-in services.
2.2.4 How long you use our service and which features you used.
2.2.5 We gather information from members and guests who apply for the various Services that our App offers. It includes, but may not be limited to, email address, first name, last name, a user-specified password, e-mail Id, mailing address, zip code and telephone number or fax number. We collect information primarily to ensure that we are able to fulfil your requirements and to deliver personalized experience.
3. NOTICE
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you create a registration or login ID on the App or when you connect or browse connected Apps, linked or listed on our App, or join a limited-access feature of the App.
4. CONSENT AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
The information collected from our users or visitors is shared with members and stakeholders of the Company, namely; customers, third party users, companies, employees, stakeholders and other experts who are part of the network of community of Hola Connect. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security. We are also bound to cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or legal process to provide information about a customer.
5. ACCESS
5.1 We will provide you with the means to ensure that your Personal Information is correct and current. You may review and update this information at any time at the login section. There, you can: view and edit personal information you have already given us; tell us whether you want us to send you marketing information; sign up for electronic newsletters about our services and products.
5.2 Service providers must upload on the App, documents relating to service provider’s contact detail, identity proof, skill or competency including service providers terms and condition which should be visible to customers. Service providers agree that the documents uploaded will be available for the customers to download for their own reference.
6. SECURITY
6.1 The App has taken strong measures to protect the security of your Personal Information and to ensure that your choices for its intended use are honoured. We take strong precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You also have a significant role in protecting your information. No one can see or edit your Personal Information without knowing your user name and password, so do not share these with others.
6.2 We however do not guarantee your e-commerce transactions to be entirely safe and secure. When you place orders through our App or online payment gateway service providers (“OPGSPs”) listed on the App. You must ensure that you agree to the terms and conditions of the said OPGSPs agreement. The Company shall not be liable should there be a discrepancy in refund, loss or misuse of credit card details, hacking of sensitive monetary information.
6.3 Resolution of all payment related complaints shall remain the responsibility of OPGSPs concerned. Users must read and agree to privacy policy and online security framework of respective OPGSPs listed on the App before transacting. We do not take responsibility for any security lapse, should infringement or violation happen as a result of you accessing an OPGSP listed on the App.