We, at 4 Axis Technologies Pte Ltd ( We or Us ), are committed to respecting your privacy and the integrity and security of your personal data.
4 Axis Technologies Pte Ltd is data controller with a registered office at 207A, Thomson Road, #2A – Goldhill Shopping Centre, Singapore (307640).
This Privacy Policy applies to www.4axissolutions.com, all other sites or online services that are owned or operated by us, and all mobile apps published by 4 Axis Technologies Pte Ltd that can be used through third party platforms (collectively “Services”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store, use and share your personal data and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will revise the date at the top of the policy. If we make changes that are material, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you (such as by placing an in-app notice or a push-notification). We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy regularly for updates, so that you know our current practices.
By downloading, accessing and/or using our Services, you acknowledge the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including 4 Axis Technologies Pte Ltd’s and our partners’ use of your data for the purposes as described below.
You are not obliged to actively provide any of your personal data. However, some functionalities of our Services may not be accessible if you do not provide us with the respective personal data (such as contact information for customer support).
1. What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
1.1 User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.
We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
1. Email Address
2. Name
1.2 Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application.
Purchases
Purchase History
Location
Coarse Location
Contact Info
Email Address
Name
Identifiers
User ID
Device ID
Usage Data
Product Interaction
1.3 Data we collect from our partners
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application.
Third-party tools
We may receive data if you choose to link a third-party tool with the Services (such as Facebook, Google or Apple). Exactly what information we receive from such third-party tools will depend on your privacy settings, but it would typically include your basic profile information such as your user id, username, gender, picture, e-mail, your friends playing the same app. We do not get access to or store your logins or passwords for any of these third-party tools.
Third-party platforms
In-app purchases are typically processed by the platforms (e.g. Apple App Store, Google Play, Amazon AppStore or Facebook). We do not collect or store your financial data, such as your credit card number or bank account. You are requested to provide payment details directly to the relevant platform. We may, however, receive limited non-financial data relating to the purchase (e.g. platforms may notify us if a purchase was successful). Any post-purchase processes are controlled by the platforms. We encourage you to review privacy policies and terms of service of the platforms for further information before making a purchase in the Services.
Advertising partners
From time to time, we may receive non-personal information from our advertising partners concerning the performance of our advertising campaigns (ex: we may be provided with information from which ad network and advertising campaign the install of our Service originated from, or data necessary to fight fraud such as refund abuse in apps or click fraud in advertising).
Third-party service providers
Our analytics providers may provide us with information regarding your use of our Services (such as in-app events, your interaction with the Services and in-app advertisements, software errors, etc.) so that we could improve our Services.
1.4 How your data is stored when using FacePaint in iOS?
When using FacePaint, the Application will request access to your front facing camera using the TrueDepth API. We do not collect or store your TrueDepth data at any time. We do not share TrueDepth data with any third parties.
2. Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
3. Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information as follows:
Third-Party Advertising
Purchases
Purchase History
Identifiers
User ID
Device ID
Usage Data
Product Interaction
Location
Coarse Location
Usage Data
Product Interaction
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if 4 Axis Technologies Pte Ltd is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
4. What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
You can contact us via email, info@4axissolutions.com to request to opt-out of the services.
5. Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
5.1 Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information we collected and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and verify your consumer request, we will delete your personal information from our records. You can contact us via email, info@4axissolutions.com to request the deletion data.
6. Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at info@4axissolutions.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
7. Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically, so that you can take appropriate protective steps. For example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.drawingdesk.com) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us.
8. Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
9. Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in Sri Lanka. If you reside outside Sri Lanka your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under Sri Lankan privacy standards.
10. Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info@4axissolutions.com