Privacy Policy
本プライバシーポリシーは、[開発者:Xrabbit]（以下、「当方」）が提供するアプリケーション（以下、「本アプリ」）に適用されます。
第三者に個人を特定できる情報を提供することはありません。
          個人情報の管理には細心の注意を払い、以下に掲げた通りに扱います。
This Privacy Policy applies to the application (hereinafter referred to as "this app") provided by
          [Developer:Xrabbit] (hereinafter referred to as "we").
          We do not provide personally identifiable information to third parties.
          We take the utmost care in managing personal information and handle it as set forth below.
はじめに(Introduction)
利用上の不具合・不都合に対して可能な限りサポートを行っておりますが、利用者が本アプリを利用して生じた損害に関して、開発元は責任を負わないものとします。
The developer shall not be liable for any damage caused by the use of this application by the user,
          although the developer will provide support for any problems or inconvenience in the use of the application to
          the greatest extent possible.
個人情報の収集と使用(Collection and Use of Personal Information)
本アプリでは、以下の情報を収集する場合があります：
- デバイス情報（機種、OSバージョンなど）
- アプリの使用状況（起動回数、使用時間など）
- 広告ID
これらの情報は、アプリの改善、パフォーマンス分析、広告配信の最適化のために使用されます。個人を特定するために使用されることはありません。
This app may collect the following information:
- Device information (model, OS version, etc.)
- App usage (number of launches, usage time, etc.)
- Advertising ID
This information is used to improve the app, analyze performance, and optimize ad delivery. It is not used to
          identify individuals.
アプリケーションの利用状況の収集(Collection of application usage)
当方が配信するアプリでは、広告配信のためにGoogle AdMob、利用状況解析のためにGoogle Firebase Analyticsを使用する場合がございます。
          広告配信のために広告IDを取得していますが、個人を特定するためなどには使用しておりません。
          取得する情報、利用目的、第三者への提供等の詳細につきましては、以下のプライバシーポリシーのリンクよりご確認ください。
The apps we distribute may use Google AdMob for ad serving and Google Firebase Analytics for usage analysis.
          Although we obtain ad IDs for ad delivery, we do not use them to identify individuals or for any other
          purpose.
          For more information on the information we collect, the purposes of use, and the information we provide to
          third parties, please refer to the Privacy Policy link below.
AdMob（Google Inc.）
Firebase Analytics（Google Inc.）
データの保護(Data Protection)
当方は、収集した情報を適切に保護するため、セキュリティ対策を実施しています。ただし、インターネット上のデータ送信において完全な安全性を保証することはできません。
We implement security measures to properly protect the information we collect. However, we cannot guarantee
          complete security for data transmission over the internet.
データの保持と削除(Data Retention and Deletion)
収集したデータは、本アプリの提供に必要な期間のみ保持されます。ユーザーは、データの削除を要求する権利を有しています。データ削除のリクエストは、以下の連絡先までお願いいたします。
The collected data is retained only for the period necessary to provide this app. Users have the right to
          request deletion of their data. For data deletion requests, please contact us using the information provided
          below.
法令、規範の遵守と見直し(Compliance with and review of laws, regulations, and norms)
当方は、保有する個人情報に関して適用される日本の法令、その他規範を遵守するとともに、
          本ポリシーの内容を適宜見直し、その改善に努めます。
We will comply with Japanese laws, regulations,
          and other norms applicable to personal information in our possession,
          and will review and improve the contents of this policy as appropriate.
免責事項(Disclaimer)
当方は、本アプリの提供の終了、変更、利用不能、本アプリの利用によるデータの消失または機械の故障もしくは損傷、
          その他本アプリに関してユーザーが被った損害につき、賠償する責任を一切負わないものとします。
We shall not be liable for any termination, modification, or unavailability of this application,
          loss of data or breakdown or damage to machinery resulting from the use of this application,
          or any other damages incurred by the user in connection with this application.
著作権・知的財産権等(Copyrights, Intellectual Property Rights, etc.)
著作権その他一切の権利は、当方又は権利を有する第三者に帰属します。
All copyrights and other rights belong to us or to third parties who own the rights.
プライバシーポリシーの変更(Privacy Policy Changes)
本ポリシーの内容は、法令その他本ポリシーに別段の定めのある事項を除いてユーザーに通知することなく、
            変更することができるものとします。
The contents of this policy may be changed without notice to the user,
            except as otherwise provided by law or otherwise in this policy.
変更後のプライバシーポリシーは、本ウェブサイトに掲載したときから効力を生じるものとします。
The revised Privacy Policy shall take effect from the time it is posted on this website.
更新履歴 (Update History)
日付 (Date)
内容 (Description)
2022年10月
Oct, 2022
プライバシーポリシーを制定
Privacy Policy established
2025年02月
Feb, 2025
プライバシーポリシーを更新
Privacy Policy updated
お問い合わせ(Contact Information)
本プライバシーポリシーに関するお問い合わせは、以下の連絡先までお願いいたします。
For inquiries regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the form below.
お問い合わせフォーム(Contact form)