Privacy Policy
MiNi Box Widgets (hereinafter referred to as "we") is well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and attaches great importance to the protection of users' personal information and privacy rights. It will do its best to protect your information safe and reliable, and will never abuse or disclose your privacy information.
Before using all our products and services, please read and understand the "Privacy Policy" completely, clearly understand our processing rules for your personal information and other information, and make corresponding choices that you think are appropriate. If you do not agree to any content of this Privacy Policy, it means that you have chosen to give up all products and services of My Desktop, and please stop using all our products and services immediately. When you use our products and services, you agree and fully understand the entire content of this Privacy Policy.
The permissions and user information obtained by MiNi Box Widgets follow the following principles: the principle of clear purpose, the principle of choice and consent, the principle of minimum enough use, the principle of openness and transparency, and the principle of consistent rights and responsibilities. Before using our products, please read and understand the following instructions carefully:
What information will we collect?
1. Device information
Device information refers to the information of the device you use when using our products or services. In order to make necessary adaptations between products and services and devices and provide security services, when you use products or services, we will collect the device name, device model, device identification code, operating system and application programs you use for my desktop products or services Version, language setting, resolution, service provider network ID (PLMN) related information. This information is collected to help us conduct bug analysis, ensure your normal use of our products and services, improve and optimize our product experience, and protect your account security.
2. Log information
For the sake of service security, when you use products and services, the system may automatically collect certain information through cookies or other means and store it in server logs. For example: device or software information. We may collect the version number and browser type of the software you use. We collect information about the mobile applications and other software you use as necessary to ensure the security of your operating environment or to provide the Services. Device event information, including crashes, system activity information, and other relevant information.
How do we collect information?
1. We collect your information through your active submission and corresponding records generated during your use of our services.
2. We may collect and use your information through preferences and other related technologies. Preferences help us remember and recognize you as our user. We will use the collected user settings, usage habits and other information for personalized preference analysis, analyze your use of our services, so as to provide you with more thoughtful personalized service push.
3. In order to be able to display various information in My Desktop Widget normally, including time, power, etc., we will collect your relevant device information. With your consent, the app will collect this information each time it is launched. This information may include: device attributes and device signals: phone model, screen size, screen resolution, battery level, system version, available storage space, network type, application and file names and types, device location, current application version number , the network status of the device you use, Bluetooth status, WIFI access point information, and the serial number of the device such as the International Mobile Equipment Identity Code IMEI, the advertising identifier IDFA, the hardware address of the network device MAC, the unique identifier, the hardware address of the network device, etc.
How do we use the information we collect?
In order to provide you with better, more convenient and safer services, we will use the collected information for the following purposes under the premise of strictly abiding by laws and regulations and agreements with users: such as location setting assistance services; reading mobile phone identification Code, to obtain device information as a user-related identifier; read storage space, camera, to read, store, and take photos to set the background picture; read the application installation list, used to configure the settings of the application, quick launch and other services . None of the above will be enabled by default, and will only be used to implement specific functions or services with your express authorization, and you can also withdraw the authorization. In particular, it should be pointed out that even if we have obtained these sensitive permissions with your authorization, we will not collect your information when the relevant functions or services are not needed.
Personal Information We May Share or Disclose
Shared
We take the protection of your personal information very seriously. We will not share your personal information with any third parties other than My Desktop without your separate consent, except in the following circumstances:
1. Necessary sharing with some of our partners. For the smooth development of necessary/reasonable business, meeting your requirements, fulfilling our obligations in relevant user agreements or this policy, exercising our rights, or complying with legal regulations, we may need to share your information with some partners , including: (1) sharing log information and device information with partners who provide data services (including online advertising monitoring, data statistics, data analysis, etc.); (2) providing product analysis services (including application crash analysis, network performance analysis, etc.) , domain name resolution optimization) partners to share statistical data on your product usage (such as crashes, flashbacks); (3) share your relevant information with partners that provide marketing services (including advertising, marketing) ( Including: device information, mobile phone number); (4) share with the partners who entrust us to promote how many people have viewed their promotional information or the products they purchased after seeing the information, or provide them with information that cannot identify personally identifiable (5) Other necessary sharing with some of our partners.
We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to process information in accordance with our instructions, this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
Disclosure
We will only disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and under the premise of adopting industry-standard security measures:
1. According to your needs, disclose the information you specify in the disclosure method you expressly agree to.
2. When your information must be provided according to the requirements of laws and regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may disclose your information according to the required information type and disclosure method. Under the premise of complying with laws and regulations, when we receive the above request for information disclosure, we will require the recipient to issue corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We firmly believe that we should be as transparent as the law allows about the information we are asked to provide. All requests are carefully vetted to ensure they have a lawful basis and are limited to data that law enforcement has a legal right to obtain for specific investigative purposes.
How we store and protect personal information
(1) Storage of personal information
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities, we will only store your personal information within the shortest time period necessary for the purposes described in this policy. If we terminate the service or operation, we will stop collecting your personal information in a timely manner, and will notify you in advance in compliance with relevant laws and regulations, and delete or anonymize your personal information after terminating the service or operation. Except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or regulatory authorities.
(2) Protection of personal information
We attach great importance to information security, set up a dedicated security team, and take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information: we will adopt security protection measures that meet industry standards, including establishing reasonable system specifications and security technologies to prevent your personal information from Personal information is subject to unauthorized access, use, modification, to avoid data damage or loss. Our services adopt a variety of encryption technologies. We will use encryption technologies (such as SSL) to encrypt and store your personal information, and isolate them through isolation technology to protect your personal information. When using personal information, such as information display and information association calculation, we will use a variety of data desensitization technologies to enhance the security of information in use.
Information and use of minors
Any minors who participate in online activities should obtain the written consent of their parents or their legal guardians (hereinafter referred to as "guardians") in advance.
Cookies
By using Cookies, My Desktop provides users with a simple and easy web experience. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent from a web server to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies for the benefit of its users. Cookies can be used to store user preferences, improve user experience, and track user trends, thereby helping us improve the quality of our services.
Data Security
We promise to take reasonable and necessary precautionary measures to protect the user's data security within the scope permitted by existing technologies, but all Internet service providers cannot guarantee 100% data security, so no absolute guarantee can be made. On the basis of reasonable business operations, we will take as complete measures as possible to protect your data stored in our products. Your personal information and data are subject to multiple protections, including personal, electronic and procedural.
Other
Since this Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, you should check it regularly to understand our plans and procedures for protecting the personal information we collect. Your continued use of our services constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates thereto. Please contact us with questions about this statement or our privacy practices.
We have set up a dedicated department for personal information protection, which will protect your personal information in accordance with this policy. If you have complaints and reports about network information security, or if you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this policy, the privacy measures of this product, or your information, please contact our personal information protection officer, and you can send Email to hanshuang0911dev@yahoo.com. Generally, we will deal with your questions, comments or suggestions within 15 working days after we verify your user identity.