Privacy Policy for “AI Identifier - Check Any Object” Mobile Application
Last Updated on June 14, 2023
At “
AI Identifier - Check Any Object
” accessible via this
link
, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by for “
AI Identifier - Check Any Object
” Mobile Application (hereinafter referred to as “
App
”) and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
“
AI Identifier - Check Any Object
” is developed and published by:
Conlan Limited
155-157 Agias Fylaxeos & Spyrou Kyprianou,
ERSI COURT, Office 202, 3083,
Limassol, Cyprus
I. Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or User Data) - any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information allows us to identify a natural person.
Usage Data and Log Files - information collected automatically through this App (or third-party services employed in this App), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by the App Users, the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the App) and the details about the path followed within the App with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User - An individual who uses the App and knowingly agrees to this Privacy Policy.
Data Subject - The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor - The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller (or Company) – A company which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this App. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this App.
Service - The service provided by this App as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/app.
II. Introduction and Regional Patterns (California)
At Conlan Limited ("
we
", "
us
" or "
our
"), we are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy ("
Privacy Policy
") explains our data protection practices and describes the types of information we may process when you install and/or use the “
AI Identifier - Check Any Object
” software application for mobile devices (the "
App
", "
our App
"). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "personal data" or "personal information" refers to any information of any kind relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to such data.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social status.
This Privacy Policy applies to all Users of the App, and others who access the App (“
Users
”). Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we are the data controller, unless otherwise specified.
PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ THROUGH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AS IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAY YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED. BY USING THE APP, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO ABIDE BY THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING IMPORTANT NOTICE
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) California residents shall have the right to request:
the categories of personal information that is processed;
the categories of sources from which personal information is obtained;
the purpose for processing of user personal data;
the categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we might have obtained about a particular user provided that the data given in the request is reliable enough and allows to identify the user.
Please use the navigation links through this Privacy Policy:
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Log Files and User Data We Collect About You Section provides an overview of the types of information, their sources, and the purposes for which they are processed. It is important to note that, according to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), personal information does not include de-identified or aggregated consumer data.
Only the end users of the mobile application are responsible for the provided photo and video materials for scanning. Please make sure that neither your personal details nor sensitive confidential information of any kind are included in the media provided. WE ARE NOT responsible for media content uploaded by the end users of the mobile application.
SHARING
Sharing of Your Information Section provides all the information on how your data can be shared. Please be aware that any third parties engaged in processing a user's data are acting as service providers, and they only use the information for the purposes outlined in an agreement, and strictly for business purposes.
OPT-OUT OPTIONS
If you would like us to stop processing your personal information, please reach out to us via the contact details at the end of this Policy. Unfortunately, in most cases, it is not possible to continue using the App without functional data, so you may be advised to delete the App from your device. If you do not want us to share device identifiers and geolocation data with service providers, please adjust the settings on your device to opt out, as outlined in Manage your Usage Data and How To Opt Out Section.
REQUESTS
To submit a verifiable consumer request for access, portability, or deletion of personal data, please contact us via the contact details at the end of this Policy. In your appeal, please make sure to include the phrase, "Your rights to maintain confidentiality in the state of California".
When submitting your request, you should be prepared to provide information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom personal information was collected, which may include name, address, city, state, zip code, and email address. We may also use this information to surface a series of security questions to you.
If you are making the request through an authorized agent, they must provide written authorization or a power of attorney signed by you. Additionally, you should describe your request with enough detail so that we can properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
If we are unable to verify your identity or authority to make the request, or confirm that the personal information relates to you, we will not be able to respond to your request or provide you with personal information. In order to verify your identity, we may ask you for additional information or documents and/or carry out checks, including with third party identity verification services. This is to ensure that your personal information is not disclosed to any fake or scam requests.Your personal information provided to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request will not be used for any other purpose. We will keep it for the necessary period of time and delete it once the purpose is fulfilled.
We aim to reply to a legitimate consumer inquiry within 45 days of receiving it. If additional time is needed, we will notify you in writing of the reason and length of the extension. Please be aware that we are only required to answer two requests per customer in a 12-month period.
EQUAL RIGHTS
We will not discriminate against you by offering different pricing or products, or different levels or quality of services, if you choose to exercise your rights. However, in certain cases, we may not be able to provide services if you choose to delete your personal information from our records.
SALE OF DATA
We do not sell any of your personal data to third parties.
III. Log Files and User Data We Collect About You
“
AI Identifier - Check Any Object
” follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
When you use this App, we also collect the following data:
Email Address. When you log in to the App with Apple, Google or Facebook, your email address is recorded and linked to your Apple ID, Google or Facebook account. This allows the App to keep track of your user profile, data associated with your account, and the full range of its functions. As a result, you may receive newsletters from time to time which contain information about cultivating plants, important announcements about the App, and other related topics. You can unsubscribe from these emails at any time using the link provided in them. For further information on how your data is processed when sending newsletters, please refer to Subsection “Email communications” of this Privacy Policy.
If you register with the App by linking your account to your Apple ID, Google or Facebook account, the method of registration, email address, name, and photo (if added to the profile) will be processed. If you remove the App from your device but do not delete your account within the App, the associated information will be stored for a period of time. To learn more, consult Section Use of Your Data of the Privacy policy. If you opt to delete your account within the App, the saved information related to said account will be irreversibly erased and you will no longer have access to such information. If you log out of the account, your history will be deleted from the device. You can access your history again by logging into the same account.
Other Identity data – your personal identification data such as your email address, birth date, usernames, names and surnames and a phone number.
Camera and photos and activity information
directly related to your use of the App
. Access to the device's camera and photos is needed for scan barcodes and QR codes directly from a photo or picture stored on the device.
However, we cannot collect, store or use the data contained in your camera roll unless you upload such data to the App or otherwise share it. We may also have access to your geolocation data upon your consent in order to show more precise results corresponding to your search request.
We can send content information (images) to the App because of its basic or extended functions. However, we must ensure that the images we upload do not contain any personally identifiable information or sensitive data before sharing the files and corresponding metadata with third party services providing search-by-reference engines.
However, if you delete your account, all associated information will be permanently erased and you will not be able to recover it. When you log out of your account within the App, your history will be deleted from your device. However, upon logging back in to the same account, you will regain access to your history.
IV. Information That Is Processed Automatically
Based on your consent, our App uses third-party automated data processing technologies (such as advertising or analytics tools) to analyze certain data sent by your device (e.g. Identity For Advertisers for iOS devices). Some of these integrated advertising or analytics tools (check Section VI to see the list) will initiate automated processing of your personal data, including profiling, which involves any form of automated processing of personal data used to assess personal features like your interests, preferences, behavior, location, or movements (see the list of data below). Processing of data through these automated data processing technologies starts automatically when you allow our App to track your activities. You can revoke your permission at any time - please check the opt-out options in Section Opt-out of marketing tracking.
We may process certain data about your device and your user activity based on our legitimate interests. This information falls within the categories of data listed in the "Information That Is Processed Automatically" subsection and is generally non-personal, meaning it does not directly associate with any particular individual, and we can only access it in a collective form. We use this information for the purpose of improving our App and providing our users with the best experience possible.
When you use our App on a mobile device (tablet, phone, smartwatch, etc.), some information about the device is reported, including “device identifiers”. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures that uniquely identify the device without revealing personal information. This allows for generalized reporting or personalized content and ads from third parties.
The data that can be processed includes:
Information about the device (type, operating system and version, model, manufacturer, screen size and density, orientation, audio volume and battery, memory usage);
Information about the internet connection (mobile carrier, network provider, network type, IP address, timestamp and duration of sessions, speed, browser);
Location-related information (IP address, country, region, state, city associated with the SIM card or the device, language setting, time zone, nearby commercial points of interest such as coffee shops).
Our App can be reported for automated processing and analysis, including its name, API key (an identifier for the application), version, and properties. Additionally, some services record the list of applications and/or processes which are installed or running on your device.
Cookies. When you use our App, cookies and other similar technologies (such as pixels, web beacons, and scripts) may be used. A cookie is a small text file stored on your device when you access the App, which is sent back to the server each time the App is used. This helps us to make the App more effective, as we can track how many users access certain areas or features and which links or ads they click on. Furthermore, the aggregated information is used to understand and optimize the use of the App, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you. We may also ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to the App, which may use cookies or similar technologies.
This data may be reported about the ads you view: the date and time the ad was served; if the ad was “clicked” or if it was shown as a “conversion” event; the content of the ad offer; the type of ad (e.g., text, image, or video); the ad placement (where the ad offer is displayed within the App); and if you responded to the ad.
Additionally, when using our App, analytics tools will automatically record events such as taps, scrolls, screens visited in the App, tutorial steps, leveling up, payments, in-app purchases, custom events, progression events, and method of limiting the processing of user data.
We do not have control over the information that is automatically provided to advertising or analytics tools, so we cannot be held accountable for the processing of this data. Please be aware that some services engage in creating personal data profiles and may gain access to information regarding your identity and/or device by using technologies outside of our responsibility. If your user ID is connected to your Facebook account, Facebook may utilize your device information in conjunction with categorized data already stored in their databases (for example, your age, gender, or other demographic criteria). We are not in charge of, do not oversee, and cannot guarantee how third parties handle your personal data that may be collected via their own means (not through our App). All requests for information regarding the disclosure of your personal data should be directed to such third parties (refer to Section Sharing of Your Information).
Email communications
If you sign in to our App with Apple, Google or Facebook, your email address associated with your Apple ID, Google or Facebook account may be used to send you communications (newsletters) about special subscription offers, new features, and other information about the App. You can also provide your email address in the App Settings (if available) or we may ask for it in a separate popup window (if available) to receive our newsletters. When you sign in with Apple, you can opt to keep your personal email address private by choosing the "Hide my email" option. This will generate a random email address that forwards to your personal inbox. We will also process some of your personal data (name, date of registration, subscription purchase date, geolocation data, activity information, etc.) for market analysis activities, so we can send you newsletters that match your needs and interests. This information may also be transferred to an email marketing tool for the purpose of optimizing and automating the email delivery process (please check Section IV for more information on the tool's privacy policies and practices). You can opt-out of receiving emails at any time by using the unsubscribe link in each message. Your request will be honored within a reasonable time.
V. Use of Your Data
We use your data for the following purposes only:
To keep the App up-to-date and functional. Personal data is collected primary to maintain “
AI Identifier - Check Any Object
” functionality and fix technical issues and complete troubleshooting quickly.
To comply with the law. We may also disclose personal data to law enforcement, regulators or others if required by any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request. To the extent the law allows it, we will attempt to provide you with prior notice before disclosing your information in response to such a request.
To receive your feedback. Personal data may also be used for communication purposes. We are always open to discuss what you liked or disliked while using the App. We reserve the right to contact you by e-mail or any other means of communication indicated in your account.
To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims and for related purposes such as the prevention or detection of fraud where necessary.
Please note that sending your personal data to us is completely optional and voluntarily. Nevertheless, we do not guarantee that the App and its functionality will be available without providing such data.
Generally, we retain your personal information for as long as is needed for our App to provide its services and for us to meet our legal obligations. If it is necessary to comply with legal obligations (taxation, accounting, audit) or to maintain safety, prevent fraud or other malicious acts, some data may be stored for a period of time, but not longer than is required for the purpose of storage.
VI. Sharing of Your Information
We will only share your information with third parties in accordance with this Privacy policy. We follow the U.S. Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for the Mobile Environment. While we partner solely with third parties that have provided us with assurance of the necessary technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted directly from the App to any such third party. We are not liable for any accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal data that is caused by a fault of third parties.
We will not lease or sell your personal data to any third parties, but we may share your information from tools such as log files, device identifiers, and location data with third-party organizations providing automatic data processing technologies for the App. We do not wield any control or influence over these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they are employed.
We may share certain information, such as cookie data, with third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
Please note that we do not use, publish and/or sell media content provided by the end users for scanning purposes. All materials provided by the end users are used only to improve the stability and operation of the mobile application algorithm and object recognition purposes. All user’s media content is deleted from our cloud storage systems within 24 hours of the completion of the scan and is only used to train the neural network running on the mobile app.
Furthermore, in order to provide us with the necessary infrastructure for delivery and improvement of our services, we may engage the following third-party service providers:
Entity name
Services performed
Country
Link to Privacy Policy
FlowerChecker
API Services
Czech Republic
https://web.plant.id/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/Privacy-policy-Plant.id_.pdf
TinEye
API Services for image search and recognition.
Canada
https://tineye.com/privacy
Rapid API
API Services customized hub to find, connect to, and share APIs.
U.S.A.
https://rapidapi.com/privacy/
SerpApi LLC
API Services for scraping Google and other search engines
U.S.A.
https://serpapi.com/legal
Freepik Company S.L. (Flaticon)
A database of free customizable icons and stickers
Spain
https://www.freepikcompany.com/privacy
ChatGPT (OpenAI)
An artificial intelligence chatbot
U.S.A.
https://openai.com
Zapiex Inc.
API Services
France
https://zapiex.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Analytics / ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Google LLC
Analytics / ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Unity Technologies SF
Analytics / ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy
Firebase Crashlytics (Google LLC)
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
RevenueCat
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy/
Adjust (Adjust GmbH)
Analytics service provider
Germany
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
Amplitude
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Please note that the list of these partners is not limited to the companies mentioned above. It may be replenished and/or limited at any time without prior notice from us.
VII. Third Party Privacy Policies
If you want to learn more about the services and their privacy options (including the ability to opt-out), please consult the relevant websites and privacy policies. We are not liable for any misuse of your personal data by the aforementioned third parties that does not adhere to our instructions.
Our App may have links to third-party websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it is needed for objective reasons, due to the public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:
as required by law;
when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice in our App of any change in ownership or your personal information usage, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
VIII. Security
The security of your personal information is of the utmost importance to us, and we adhere to industry standards in order to safeguard any data you submit to us, both in transit and upon receipt. To protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, we take reasonable and appropriate measures that account for the risks associated with the processing and the type of personal information.
We ensure that appropriate technical and organizational measures are taken to uphold the data-protection principles of data minimization and to incorporate the necessary safeguards into the processing. Additionally, we strive to encrypt your personal data with reliable and secure encryption algorithms, and to utilize hashing when available.
Despite our efforts to protect your personal data, no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security. If your personal information is compromised as a result of a security breach, we will notify you promptly in accordance with applicable law.
IX. International Data Transfers
If you are located in the European Union or any other area with data protection laws that differ from those in the United States, please be aware that we may transfer information, including personal data, to a country or jurisdiction that does not have the same level of data protection as your own. We work in the cross-border domain and provide our App to users globally. We, as well as third-party organizations that use automatic data processing technologies for the App or our third-party advertising partners, may send this automatically-processed information across borders from your country or region to other countries or regions worldwide.
We will take steps to ensure that the recipient of your personal data provides a proper protection of the personal data received, in accordance with the current legislation on the protection of such information. By using the App, you agree that we may transfer your personal information to a third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors within that third country, or to an international organization.
We will strive to ensure that the recipient of your personal data offers an appropriate level of protection for the personal data received, in accordance with the current legislation on the protection of such information. This may not be the same level of protection as your country offers, but we take steps to make sure your personal information is kept safe.
X. Payment Information
Our e-commerce providers are responsible for billing, processing and charging for in-app purchases, handle your personal information and keep it absolutely safe and secure. This information is processed as part of the performance of the contract between you and us. We cannot access or use your credit or debit card information.
Please note that we are not responsible for your subscriptions’ payments, since all the payment issues are handled by App Store only. If you have any questions about the payment, please contact App Store Support.
XI. Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
“
AI Identifier - Check Any Object
” does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
XII. Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in “
AI Identifier - Check Any Object
”. This Policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
XIII. Manage your Usage Data and How to opt out
You have solely rights to send copies of your personal information, delete your personal data, to change or make corrections to your personal data, to restrict your personal data or withdraw your consent on processing your personal data at any time. Please note that when withdrawing consent on personal data usage, the App functionality is not accessible for you anymore.
Contact us at support@aiscanner.co if you would like to exercise any rights you have to control your personal data.
If your personal information is being processed automatically, you may have the right to object to such processing under certain circumstances. If your personal information is being processed for direct marketing purposes, you can request that the processing of your data for these direct marketing purposes stops. To exercise this right, please refer to the third-party services listed in Section VI of this Privacy Policy. You will find instructions on their privacy pages, as well as functional API or other options.
Opt-out of marketing tracking
If you don’t want third-party service providers to use the personalized ads on the basis of your interests please follow the instructions below:
Choose option "Limit Ad Tracking" on your iOS device in Settings/ Privacy/ Advertising, please find additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
;
You can also visit
https://youradchoices.com
for the same purpose.
Please mind when you opt out of certain interest based advertising, you may still continue to receive contextual ads based on other non-personal information, such as ads related to the content of other digital products you are using.
Opt-out of Location Data Processing
If you don’t want third-party service providers to use your precise location data, or street-level location information about you please follow the instructions below:
iOS 11 or later: turn Location Services off for the applicable Product via the menu “Settings > Privacy > Location Services”. Then select the applicable App and set the “Share My Location” status to “Never”. Please see additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033
.
XIV. Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
XV. Changes to This Privacy Policy.
We evaluate our privacy policies and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time. If we make any material changes to how we process your data, we’ll provide you notice through this Privacy Policy and by publishing a notice in the App. If you object to any changes, you may stop using the App.
XVI. Contact Information.
For any questions regarding this policy, please contact us:
Conlan Limited
155-157 Agias Fylaxeos & Spyrou Kyprianou,
ERSI COURT, Office 202, 3083,
Limassol, Cyprus
support@aiscanner.co