Privacy Policy - LED Light Controller App
The privacy policy of LED Light Controller App is important and we strongly recommend you to read it thoroughly
Effective date: March 7, 2023
Privacy Policy
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Brief overview of our commitment to privacy
At Codenhagen.io ApS, we believe that the less information we know about you, the
better. After all, it is impossible to lose, misuse, or abuse information we don’t have.
Personal Data
We don’t collect and don’t have access to your personal data that you save in
Universal Authenticator App. Everything you do is saved into your iCloud account in
encrypted form and is synced across your devices using the same iCloud account.
When you use our software we may record some usage analytics, subscription
validation and crash logs. The sole purpose of this data is to help us make better
decisions on where to focus our efforts and improve our software. You provide some
data directly, such as when you contact us for support. Such data is limited to your
email address only.
Subscription validation
The receipt validation is used to manage and update subscription status. To manage
your subscription status we use:
Receipt validation
In-App purchases.
Fetching subscription products
Subscription status.
We may use third party tools to collect and manage this data.
Usage analytics
The app usage analytics collected is minimal but essential to help us run our
business. Currently, we collect:
Application starts/ends.
Device locale.
Device type, CPU architecture, and version of the operating system.
date and time of the access,
browser type/version,
operating system used,
URL of the previously visited website,,
IP address (truncated by one octet)
We may use third party tools to collect and manage this data.
Cookies
We store so-called “cookies” in order to offer you all features of our website, and to
make the use of our websites more convenient. Cookies are small Authenticator that
are stored on your computer using your internet browser. If you do not want cookies
to be used, you can prevent storage of cookies on your device by making the
corresponding settings in your internet browser. Please note that the scope of
features of our website may be restricted due to this.
We specifically use the following cookies:
– cookies from Firebase;
– a cookie from Google Ads to measure success of Google Ads;
– two cookies from Google Analytics for statistical evaluation of the use of the
website and for improvement of our offer;
– a cookie to record whether you have already confirmed the cookie notice with OK;
– a cookie to determine whether the non-standard Authenticator that are used on
the website have been loaded.
These cookies cannot identify you as a person. In any case, use of cookies is
justified based on our legitimate interest in demand-oriented design, as well as
statistical evaluation of our website, and the fact that your legitimate interests are not
overriding, Article 6(1) point (f) GDPR.
Crash logs
Crash logs are, by default, automatically sent on the next app start. These logs
contain anonymised data about the crash that can help us identify the cause and
potentially provide a fix in a future update. These logs do not contain any data or
metadata about the content you create with our software. Here’s what’s collected:
Anonymized bundle identifier, and short bundle version string of your app.
Device type, CPU architecture, and version of the operating system.
Timestamp when the crash happened.
A generated UUID to prevent duplicate crash reports.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value of
the exception.
Low level crash data like instruction pointer, method or function names, signal
data, pointer registers, and information about the loaded binary images.
The application log file.
We may use third party tools to collect and manage this data.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy (and/or other applicable policies and
Addenda) as the applicable laws, relevant technologies, and our data processing
practices change. We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy (and/or other
applicable policies and Addenda) by posting the updated policy on our website and
in our applications and other products and services. The changes to this Privacy
Policy (and/or other applicable policies and Addenda) shall become effective upon
such posting (as indicated by the date following “Last Updated:” at the top of this
Privacy Policy and/or other applicable policies and Addenda), or as otherwise
required by applicable law. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy (and other
applicable policies and Addenda) on a periodic basis.
Any questions?
If you have any questions at all, about your data or any other query, kindly contact us
hello@codenhagen.io
We are happy to answer everything.
Your complete satisfaction is our number one priority. Please tell us if anything falls
short of your expectations so we can actually do something about it, regardless of
these rules. Nothing is set in stone, and we are open to making adjustments.
hello@codenhagen.io
Copenhagen, Denmark