Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
10
Loading…
{"id": "1odKfNRoJmwD3sg8dl4zGXjC65zzf8Ejm", "title": "Privacy Policy - Imagine.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 10
Welcome to Imagine, the online and mobile service of Vyro.ai (“Vyro,” “we,” or “us”). Our
Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to
our visual communication platform (the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and
use of your information. Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the
meaning given to them in our Terms of Use. If you do not want your information processed in
accordance with this Privacy Policy in general or any part of it, you should not use our
Service. This policy applies to all users of the Service, including, but not limited to users of
our Developer Portal.
1. Information we collect
We collect the following types of information about you:
(a) Information you provide us directly
We may ask for certain information when you register for an account or correspond with us
(such as your first and last names and email address).
We also collect any messages you send us through the Service, and may collect information
you provide in User Content you post to the Service (such as text and photos you upload to
use in your designs). We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide the features
and functionality of the Service to you, to correspond with you, and to address any issues
you raise about the Service.
If you don’t provide your personal information to us, you may not be able to access or use
our Service or your experience of using our Service may not be as enjoyable.
(b) Information we receive from third-party applications
We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you access the
Service through a third-party connection or log-in, such as Facebook, Google and Discord,
Connect, by “following,” “liking,” adding the Imagine application, linking your account to the
Imagine App, etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service
to Imagine. This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with
your account (for example, your Facebook UID), an access token necessary to access that
service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any
information you have made public in connection with that service. You should always review,
and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before
linking or connecting them to the Service. You may also unlink your third party account from
the Service by adjusting your settings on the third party service. If you unlink your third party
account, we will no longer receive information collected about you in connection with that
service. And if you choose to integrate with a third party application to incorporate elements
into your designs, enhance media, supercharge your workflow or share to social media, we
could receive data from such apps (as well as disclose data to such apps). If you
communicate with us via social media, including Instagram, Facebook or TikTok and choose
to share your user generated content with us, we may receive information such as videos
you’ve created, your photo, your account name and your comments about Imagine.
(c) Information we receive from other third parties
Page 2 of 10
We may obtain information about you from third-party sources, such as public sources,
social media platforms (like Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter and other platforms) and
third-party data providers and information services. Examples of the information we may
obtain from such third parties include your company, company size, job title and seniority,
industry and other profile information. We may share your email address or other information
in order to obtain and combine this information with information that you provide to us or
other information that we collect when you use our Service. We do this to better understand
your profile and interests so that we can deliver customised offers and other personalised
services to you, such as to serve relevant offers to you via email, chatbots, phone or
personalised advertising. You can opt out of Imagine collecting more data about you from
third-party providers to tailor your experience and messages we send you here.
Some of these providers may combine data collected from our Service through cookies,
pixels, tags and similar technologies, with email or mailing addresses to which they have
access to help us serve relevant offers to you.
If you are not a Imagine subscriber, we may obtain your contact details from a social media
platform, such as LinkedIn, or a third party data provider, so that we can promote our product
offerings and subscriptions to you if we think they would be helpful in your role.
We also may have obtained your details from another Imagine user, for example when they
have shared a design with you.
We may also receive information about you and your engagement with our advertisements
from our ad servers, ad networks and social media platforms. This may include the websites
you visited before coming to Imagine so that we can determine advertising effectiveness and
pay our referral partners.
If you prefer not to have your information used for this purpose, you can opt out at any time
by emailing us at contact@vyro.ai.
(d) Information we collect from you automatically
We will directly collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure
traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser
or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information (please see the
paragraph on log file information below) that assists us in improving the Service.
(e) Cookies information and information taken from similar technologies
When you visit the Service, we (and our third-party partners) will send cookies — small text
files containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely
identifies your browser and let's Imagine do things like help you log in faster, enhance your
navigation through the site, remember your preferences and generally improve the user
experience. Cookies also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the
pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us
Privacy Policy - Imagine.pdf
Privacy Policy - Imagine.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Privacy Policy - Imagine.pdf. Page 1 of 10