Privacy Policy
Home
>
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is valid for the all sites hosted by ATM Fee Saver such as the mobile application, website, company pages, newsletter, etc. (collectively ‘Services’). In this Privacy Policy, we provide information about your personal information that is provided or collected through the use of our Services and how we use that information in connection with our Services. The protection of your personal data is important to us. If you have any questions, please contact
connect@atmfeesaver.com
with the subject ‘Privacy Question’.
By using our Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services.
Data we collect when you use our Services
User data: Data provided for creation of user accounts such as your name, email address, password, home country. Other information you share with us or is publicly available about you including social network profiles, messages you send to us, feedback, comments, audio visual uploads, replies to surveys or interviews, participation in our promotional activities
Usage data: Data and information related to your use of our Services, searches, interaction with our Services including searches, calculators, feedback, marketing and advertising, and interaction with third-party services on our sites and any other related Services you use
Localization data: Such as GPS data and locational data
Financial data: Such as credit/debit card/payment gateway numbers, account and routing numbers
Technical data: That your browser or device makes available. Examples include but not limited to IP address, cookies, session identification data, status codes, browser software and version, operating system and its interface, internet service provider, language and other configuration settings, date and time of usage data transfer statistics, language, device/browser details, mobile network information, other online identifiers, browsing or search history, pages viewed, URLs clicked on, forms submitted
We use your data when
When you ask us to provide you with, you use or engage with our Services or with any other person where we are involved in the Services usage, including when you give us data verbally or in writing
When you contact us in any form and to respond to you if and when required
When you post publicly available information about you including on your social media accounts and where it is appropriate for us to use it. We combine information about you from many sources, collected during your relationship with us
We can process your personal data for the following purposes
Provide, manage, and improve our Services. To administrate, authenticate your access to our Services
To respond to your queries where required or communicate with you on any Services or security or policy or any other matters considered necessary
For electronic marketing with you or invite you to provide feedback, participate in research, surveys, etc. (from which you can opt-out at any time except from certain services related communications)
To perform data analysis to improve our Services or develop new Services, auditing, research, reporting, project planning and business management
To personalize your experience when interacting with our Services
To follow applicable laws and regulations, to respond to requests from competent public authorities, to exercise or defend us against potential, threatened or actual litigation, to investigate and take action against illegal or harmful behavior of users, to protect us and our vital interests
To undertake checks for security, fraud and resolving disputes
As part of sale, assignment or transfer of all or part of our business
To enforce our Terms of Use or because of a legal
obligation that applies to us or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party
How we protect the information we collect
We use technical and administrative security measures on shared servers to maintain the security of our Services and to protect your personal information. However, there are no guarantees that a data transmission or storage system is 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us using the feedback related sections of our Services or contact at
connect@atmfeesaver.com.
Our servers may not necessarily be in the location of your home country and can be moved, transferred or closed at any point without notice to you.
Who we share your information with
When you use our Services, we may share your personal data with following categories of recipients:
Our company and our wholly owned subsidiaries or group companies, if any
Third party service providers, suppliers and integrations who provide any form of services for us
Business partners or affiliates that we may jointly offer products or services with
Event agencies, marketing agencies, media services providers
Entity(ies) who may acquire us or part of our business or brands
Law enforcement authorities
Any other parties not necessarily included here but becomes necessary for us to share the data with during the course of our business
Your rights regarding your personal information
The rights available to you depend on our reason for processing your personal information and the local law in your jurisdiction. Depending on this, you may have the right to:
Withdraw your consent to us processing your personal information for providing our Services
Ask us about the processing of your personal information
Ask us to correct information you think is inaccurate or incomplete
Ask us to delete your personal information
Ask us to restrict the processing of your information
Object to our processing of your personal information
For your protection, and to protect the privacy of others, we may need to verify your identity before completing what you have asked us to do. You can close your account from the mobile application or request that we close it for you by writing to us at connect@atmfeesaver.com. Where we have relied upon your permission to use your personal information, and you later withdraw that permission, we may not be able to complete some of the activities described in ‘We can process your personal data for the following purposes.’
Data retention
In accordance with and as permitted by applicable law and regulations, we will retain your information as long as necessary to serve you, to maintain your account for as long as your account is active, or as otherwise needed to operate our business. We may also retain personal information to comply with law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce the Terms of Use, and as permitted by applicable law.
Information from minors
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us using the feedback related sections of the Services or at
connect@atmfeesaver.com
.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We will make changes to this Privacy Policy regularly and we ask that you keep yourself informed of its contents. Changes are effective immediately upon posting. Last revised appears at top of this Statement.
Our responsibility regarding websites that we do not own or control
Our Services may contain links to websites or mobile applications we do not own or control. Our Privacy Policy does not cover them. Please read the privacy notices on those websites and mobile applications if you would like to find out how they collect, use and share your personal information.
Cookies, advertising and marketing
Our Services may use cookies and similar technologies. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, all elements of our Services may not be available. To the extent that your local laws consider the information collected by cookies and other technologies as personal information, we will treat that information to the standards set out in this privacy notice. We collect information as mentioned in the ‘
Data we collect when you use our Services’ section
to understand how our visitors use our Services so that we can improve them, the services we offer, and our advertising. We may also share this information with other third-party service providers. We may use the data you share with us to make decisions about your interests and preferences so we can make the marketing materials more relevant to you. We may also combine the information we hold about you with data about your interests or demographics that third parties have collected from you online and offline, to make your experience more personalized and further tailor our marketing and advertising. We can partner with third party advertising companies who use tracking tools or technologies to collect information about you and provide advertisements or other targeted content on our Services. Such third parties, with their data from other sources, may be able to personally identify you, unknown to us. Some content on our Services, including advertisements, are served by unaffiliated third parties. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement, you should contact the responsible advertiser directly. Where options are available, opting-out of advertising networks services does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our Services or on other websites, nor will it prevent the receipt of interest-based advertising from third parties that do not participate in these programs.
Last updated: 3 Jan, 2025
Download ATM Fee Saver now or login online.