Please provide your email address so we can assist you more easily.
Submit
Message
OK
Message
Ok
Processing
Customer Service
FAQ
Return & Exchange Policy
Shipping Info
Size & Fit
How to Track
Order Lookup
Rosewe Coupon Zone
Rosewe Customer Reviews
Help Center
Payment Methods
Klarna
How to Order
R Points Program
VIP Membership
Contact Us
Rosewe Info
About Rosewe
Affiliate Program
Affiliate Guideline
Pro Program
Satisfaction Survey
Rosewe Club
The Rosewe App
More Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Intellectual Property Notice
Privacy Policy
On http://www.Rosewe.com ( Rosewe.com), visitor privacy is of our serious concern. This privacy policy page describes what kind of personal information may be received and collected by Rosewe.com and how the information will be used.
I. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Information including user name, address, phone number, and email address, will be collected at the time of user registration on the Site.
If you are registering an account through social media platforms such as Facebook or Google, we may collect your e-mail address and public profile.
If you are registering as wholesaler, dropshipper or affliate member, in addition to the information mentioned above, we may also collect information about your business, such as the your website, your customer’s name, address, etc.
If you make a payment, we collect personal data in connection with payment. This data includes your Paypal account, credit or debit card number and other card information, and other account and authentication information, as well as billing, shipping, and contact details.
If you contact our customer service, we may record your conversation with us and collect additional information to verify your identity.
We record users' buying and browsing activities on our site including but not limited to IP addresses, browsing patterns, buyer behavioral patterns and equipment information. In addition, we gather statistical information about the Site and visitors to the Site including, but not limited to, IP addresses, browser software, operating system, software and hardware attributes, pages viewed, number of sessions and unique visitors.
II. USE OF PERSONAL DATA
We collect and use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
--verifying your identity;
--processing your registration as a user, providing you with a log-in ID for the Site and maintaining and managing your registration;
--providing you with customer service and responding to your queries, feedback, claims or disputes;
--Offering and measuring targeted advertisements and services.
III. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
We may disclose and transfer your Personal Data to our partners and to service providers engaged by us to assist us to provide services to you.
--payment service providers to assist with payment for transactions. The activities of payment service providers may be governed by their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy;
--credit risk assessment providers to conduct risk assessment on transactions to prevent fraud and other risk incidents;
--logistics partners for providing delivery service
--customer service to provide pre-sale and after-sale services
IV. RIGHTS REGARDING PERSONAL DATA
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is accurate, complete, and up to date.
The right to access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Data.
The right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.
V. COOKIES
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide, protect, and improve our products and services, such as by personalizing content, offering and measuring advertisements, understanding user behavior, and providing a safer experience.
You can remove or reject cookies using your browser or device settings, but in some cases doing so may affect your ability to use our products and services.
VI. MINORS
The Site and their contents are not targeted to minors (those under the age of 18) and we do not intend to sell any of our products or services to minors. If we learn that we have collected the personal data of a child under 16, or the equivalent minimum age depending on the jurisdiction, we will take steps to delete the data as soon as possible.
VII. SECURITY MEASURES
We use reasonable security methods to prevent unauthorized access to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to your data, and to correctly use the data we collect. For registered users, some of your information can be viewed and edited through your account, which is protected by a password.
It is important that you take precautions to protect against unauthorized access to your account credentials, and computer or other devices.
VIII. CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or its implementation, here is how you can reach us: service@rosewe.com
Next:
Intellectual Property Notice
Was this article helpful?
Previous:
Terms of Use
*IT INCLUDES 4 COUPONS
Enter your email
By registering, you agree to Rosewe's
Privacy Policy
.
Registered Success!
Now Share Your Birthday And
Earn 1000 R Points!
1000 Points = $.00
Birthday:
Please enter valid birthday
CONFIRM
I DON'T WANT $
×
Enjoy special offers after signing in! Are you sure you want to leave?
Free shipping
over $79
Get $40 Off
New Member
LEAVE
CONTINUE
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate