Contact
The company within the meaning of the data protection laws is:
CONTACTING for this App. Please direct all notices, questions, and/or
concerns related to the Services and/or this Agreement to
info@code4flutter.in
BY ACTIVATING, USING, AND/OR ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT AND
WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE, OR THE AGE OF LEGAL MAJORITY IN
YOUR JURISDICTION (IF DIFFERENT THAN 18), AND YOU HAVE THE RIGHT AND AUTHORITY
TO ENTER INTO LEGALLY-BINDING AGREEMENTS ON YOUR OWN BEHALF, AND YOU ACCEPT AND
AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST NOT ACTIVATE,
USE, AND/OR ACCESS THE SERVICES.
Certain Services have the following additional Agreement addenda
(“Addenda”), which cover the terms and conditions applicable to your use of
such Services. Other  policies listed below also constitute
Addenda. These Addenda are incorporated into and are made a part of this
Agreement by this reference. In case of any direct conflict between the terms
of an Addendum and this Agreement, unless expressly otherwise indicated in this
Agreement, the terms of the Addendum shall govern with respect to the
Service(s) covered by the Addendum.
1. AMENDMENTS
MFA Authenticator
app may modify this Agreement at any time for any reason,
including, without limitation, in order to reflect changes to applicable law or
changes to our Services. You should review this Agreement regularly. We will
indicate that changes to this Agreement have been made by updating the date
indicated after “Last Updated:” at the beginning of this Agreement. If you do
not accept any of the modifications made to this Agreement, your sole and
exclusive remedy is to terminate your use of the Services.
2. DURATION AND TERMINATION
Transfer from trial subscription to paid subscription
2.1 Your MFA Authenticator app  Premium Subscription is valid for one week, month or one
year from the date of the conclusion as you choose.
2.2 After conclusion of the contract for the Yearly Subscription, a free
trial subscription of no more than three days begins, in which you can use
MFA Authenticator app Premium Subscription free of charge. If you have not deactivated the automatic
renewal and the related conversion of the Trial Subscription into a paid
subscription in your iTunes account at least 24 hours before the end of the
free Trial Subscription, the paid Yearly Subscription begins hereafter. Of
course, you can also subscribe for a paid subscription before the Trial Subscription
expires. In this case, any unused portion of the Trial Subscription will be
forfeited. For clarification: The Trial Subscription is only available to you
when you select the Yearly Subscription or Weekly Subscription with Trial.
After the Trial Subscription has expired, a paid Yearly Subscription or Weekly
Subscription begins.
2.3 After the expiration of the previous Week, Month respectively Contract
Year, your paid MFA Authenticator app Premium Subscription will automatically renew for
another Week, Month respectively Contract Year if you do not deactivate
automatic renewal in your iTunes account settings at least 24 hours before the
end of the respective Contract Week, Month respectively Contract Year. For
clarification: In the case of a Monthly Subscription, your MFA Authenticator app Premium
Subscription is automatically renewed for another Contract Month; in the case
of an Annual Subscription, your MFA Authenticator app Premium Subscription is
automatically renewed for another Contract Year.
2.4 You can cancel your Trial Subscription or paid MFA Authenticator app Premium
Subscription at any time by turning off automatic renewal in your iTunes
account. This must be done at the latest 24 hours before the end of the Trial
Subscription or paid subscription to avoid payment. The termination will take
effect the day after the last day of the Trial Subscription period. The MFA Authenticator app Premium Subscription functionalities are then no longer available to you.
3. PAYMENT AND INVOICING
The provision of the free version „ MFA Authenticator app” shall be free of charge.
In all other cases, you shall pay doo the fee agreed upon during conclusion of
the Agreement in the relevant App Store. Payment falls due prior to download of
the Apps.
All payments and prices are understood to include the statutory value-added tax
currently in effect at the time
Invoices will be issued electronically based on client’s request max up to 15th
day of next month from what initial purchase was made.
4. REFUND POLICY
Apple In-App Purchase refunds can be claimed at (
https://expresslane.apple.com
).
In our experience, it can take up to ten (10) days after cancellation to
receive a refund. MFA Authenticator app does not control, and is not responsible for,
the third-party payment processors’ refund process. In certain cases, we may
not be able to refund the applicable Fee via the same third-party payment
processor used to pay us such Fee. In such cases, you will work with us to
process the refund of the applicable Fee by other means.
TAXES. You will pay all applicable taxes, including, without limitation, value-added,
use, sales, commercial, gross receipts, privilege, surcharges, or other similar
taxes, license fees and surcharges, on your purchase and/or use of the
Services, whether charged to you or to MFA Authenticator app, immediately when due.
You will pay all applicable third-party fees, including, without limitation,
telephone toll charges, mobile carrier fees, internet service provider charges,
data plan charges, credit card fees, foreign exchange fees, and foreign
transaction fees. MFA Authenticator app is not responsible for the above-described
taxes and third-party fees. You may not withhold any amounts for the
above-described taxes and third-party fees from the Fees.
5. ELECTRONIC AGREEMENT AND COMMUNICATIONS
By activating, accessing, and/or using the MFA Authenticator app, you agree and
consent to:
5.1 ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS. SCOPE. We will provide Disclosures to you
electronically either via the email address we have for you on file or through
the Services. We will not send you a paper copy of any Disclosure unless we
deem it appropriate to do so. You may obtain a paper copy of an electronic
Disclosure by printing it. We reserve the right, but assume no obligation, to
provide a paper (instead of electronic) copy of any Disclosure that you have
authorized us to provide electronically. We may choose to discontinue
electronic Disclosures at any time, in our discretion.
5.2 SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE REQUIREMENTS. In order to receive, access, and
retain Disclosures electronically, you must meet the following computer hardware
and software requirements: access to the internet; an email account and the
ability to receive email through internet; a web browser which is SSL-compliant
and supports secure sessions, or the equivalent software; and hardware capable
of running this software.
5.3 WITHDRAWING YOUR CONSENT. You can withdraw your consent to
electronically receive Disclosures by contacting us by using the means
indicated above in the “CONTACTING MFA Authenticator app” paragraph. In the event that
you withdraw consent to transact business with MFA Authenticator app. electronically,
in our sole discretion, we may immediately terminate this Agreement and your
access and/or use of the Services.
5.4 NOTIFYING MFA Authenticator app OF A CHANGE IN YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS. You must
notify us of any change in your email address by logging into your MFA Authenticator app account at
info@code4flutter.in
.
6. OWNERSHIP
Except as stated in this Agreement, we do not grant to you any rights to
patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, or any other rights in respect
to the Services. You agree and acknowledge that in providing the Services, MFA Authenticator app. utilizes (i) the name, logo, and domain name of the product names
associated with the Services and other trademarks, (ii) certain audio and
visual information, documents, software and other works of authorship, and
(iii) other technology, hardware, products, processes, algorithms, user
interfaces, know-how and other trade secrets, techniques, designs, inventions and
other tangible or intangible technical material or information that is
protected by intellectual property rights owned or licensed by MFA Authenticator app.
(“ MFA Authenticator app. IP Rights”). Other than as expressly set forth in this
Agreement, no license or other rights in the MFA Authenticator app. IP Rights are
granted to you, and all such rights are hereby expressly reserved.
USER CONTENT
“Content” means any material, including, without limitation, audio files,
video files, electronic documents, or electronic images;
“Share” or “Sharing” means (to) email(ing), post(ing), transmit(ing),
upload(ing), or otherwise make(ing) available.
By uploading your Content to the Services, you grant MFA Authenticator app. a
nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license
to use, reproduce, publicly display, distribute, modify, publicly perform, and
translate the Content. Some of our Services may allow you to Share your Content
with other MFA Authenticator app users or to make it publicly available. Other Airfiles Manager app users and other third parties may use, copy, modify, or re-share your
Content that you Share. MFA Authenticator  app does not monitor or control your Sharing
of your Content. You are responsible for setting the limitations on Sharing and
for applying the appropriate level of access to your Content. If you do not
choose the access level to apply to your Content, the Services may default to
their most permissive setting. MFA Authenticator app may, but is not obligate to,
reject, move, edit, or delete any Content that is contributed to the Services.
You may revoke this license to your Content and terminate our rights at any
time by removing your Content from the Services. We may retain copies of your
Content in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We may, in our sole discretion,
at any time, create limits on the file size, storage space, and other similar
limits regarding the uploading of your Content to any of our Services.
PRIVACY
You agree and acknowledge that MFA Authenticator app.’s Privacy Policy is
incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. MFA Authenticator app’s Privacy
Policy can be found here. Please review MFA Authenticator app’s Privacy Policy
carefully. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us at
info@code4flutter.in