Privacy Policy
I. Preface
We attach great importance to protecting the privacy and personal information of our users and hope to establish a harmonious relationship of mutual trust with all of our users.
We may collect and use some information about you in connection with your use of the Application. Through this Privacy Policy, we will explain to you how we may collect, use, and store such information in the course of providing our services, and the controls we will provide to you and the manner in which we will protect this information and your privacy. This Privacy Policy is relevant to the services you use with this application and we hope you will read it carefully. By using or continuing to use our software or services, you consent to our collection, use, and storage of information about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
II. Information we may receive
During your use of the Application, we collect and send to our servers some usage information. The information our servers receive can be divided into two categories: information about how users use the application and aggregate statistical information about the data they have. We collect information in order to provide a better service to all users, both basic information that is inferred (such as the language you use) and more complex information (such as what promotional content you find most useful, who is most important to you online, or what videos you might like).
We have two types of information collection.
(i) The information you provide to us
Many of our services require you to register for an account, and when you register for an account, we may ask you to provide personal information such as name, nickname, email, and sometimes ID information, as well as other personal information in order to provide you with complete service or technical support.
Information that you share with other parties through our Services and other information that is actively stored through our Services, such as information collected and shared through the Favorites feature and content stored through cloud storage services.
(ii) The information we obtain in the course of your use of the service
We collect information about what services you use and how you use them, such as when you watch a video, when you visit a website that uses our promotional services, or when you view and interact with our promotional content. The following specifies what information may be available to the Application.
Log information, which refers to the technical information automatically collected by the system when you use our services, includes.
Hardware configuration and software version. For example, configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser or other program used to access our services, your IP address and the version and device identification number (IMEI) used by your mobile device.
Information about this application and other software. For example, the version of the software, the frequency of use, the main purpose of use, information about your use of other APP software, such as time of use, frequency of use, etc..
Information about the functionality of this application. For example, whether software malfunctions such as crashes occur during use, whether the connection to the computer is effective through the cell phone, and other issues, and improvements to the product.
Usage statistics of each function. This application provides a variety of functions within the software, and we use this data to determine how much you like each function of this application, to assess whether our product can meet your usage habits and to make improvements accordingly;.
The overall statistics of the data in the phone. The overall statistics of the data in your phone. For example, how many contacts do you have in your address book? How many of them have been added to your favorites? How many apps do you have installed in total and how do you use them? How much music, pictures and videos are stored in your phone? We only count aggregate information, and using this data, we can better improve the design of the corresponding products. For example, knowing the fact that the average user doesn't own a lot of music, we made a lot of simplifications when redesigning the music management feature.
Data Synchronization, Sharing, and Storage. Some of the services we offer allow you to synchronize, share and store data, and we will collect and store the data you choose to upload, download or implement such features.
Information searched or viewed while using our Services, such as the keywords you use for web searches, the url addresses of the pages you visit, and other information and content details that you view or request while using our Services.
Location Information. means information about your location that we collect when you turn on the location function of your mobile device and use the related services we provide based on your location, including.
Your geolocation information collected by us, such as through GPS or Wi-Fi, when you use our services through a location-enabled mobile device.
Real-time information provided by you or other users that contains your geographic location, such as information about your location contained in account information provided by you, shared information uploaded by you or others that shows your current or former geographic location, such as geotagged information contained in photos shared by you or others.
You can stop our collection of your geolocation information at any time by turning off the location feature.
In addition, there are some things to keep in mind when you use certain specific functions.
The app upgrade feature sends a list of the apps you have installed on your phone to our server so that we can tell you which apps to upgrade. The phone cleanup feature will target the phone memory optimization based on the user's current phone application usage, so that the user's phone stays fresh.
In the unfortunate event that a crash occurs while this application is running, the crash report sent may also have a small amount of information associated with the data you are working with. This is necessary for us to perform diagnostics.
If you open a web page through this application, the web page can get standard log information, including IP address, cookies, etc. This is the same as if you were using a normal browser.
III. How we use your personal information
We will use your personal information in strict compliance with this Privacy Policy and its updates. Your personal information will be used only for the purposes identified at the time of collection and for which you have consented, and we will obtain your consent in advance for any other use.
The personal information we collect will be used to ensure the functionality and security of our products and services, to verify your identity, and to prevent and prosecute fraud or other instances of misuse.
The personal information we collect will be used in the development of our products and services, although in general, we use only aggregate and statistical information for this purpose.
The personal information we collect will be used to communicate with you, for example, to notify you of updates and releases of products or services in this application at the first opportunity.
The personal information we collect will be used to personalize our products and provide you with more personalized services, such as automatic recommendations, customized content and promotions within our services.
If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or similar promotion run by the Application, we will use the personal information you provide to administer such activities.
IV. Use of non-personal information
Data that we collect that cannot be directly linked to any particular individual by itself, such as usage preferences, hardware configuration, location information, software operation information, etc., can help us better understand user behavior and improve our products, services and promotional campaigns.
For other information that you share through this application, such as favorite and shared application information and other content will be shared to third parties for their use according to the needs of the specific product.
V. Information we may share
The Application will not share your personal information with any third party without your consent, except in the following cases.
In order to provide the services of the Application or to fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights under the User Agreement or this Privacy Policy, we may engage in joint marketing and other communications with third parties such as our partners (e.g., your mobile operator). In order to avoid duplicative or unnecessary communications and to tailor relevant information to you, we may need to match the information we collect with information collected by our partners, provided that this is permitted by law.
These authorized third parties are not allowed to use your personal data for any other purpose. We will require them to act in accordance with this policy and to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data.
As our business continues to grow, it is possible that we and our affiliates may enter into mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, and the information we collect about them may be transferred as part of such transactions.
We or our affiliates may also use or disclose your personal information for the following purposes.
Compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Comply with the provisions of a court order or other legal process.
Compliance with the requirements of the relevant governmental authorities.
For purposes that are reasonably necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to protect the public interest, or to protect the personal and property safety or legitimate interests of our customers, us or our group companies, other users or employees.
VI. Information protection for minors
We encourage parents or guardians to direct minors under the age of eighteen to use our Services. We recommend that minors encourage their parents or guardians to read this Privacy Policy and that minors seek the consent and guidance of their parents or guardians before submitting personal information.
VII. Information Security
We will retain your personal information only for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and for as long as required by law or regulation. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of information. Please understand, however, that while we make every effort to protect the security of information, we cannot always guarantee its absolute security due to technical limitations and the possible existence of malicious online tactics.
VIII. Scope of application of privacy policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all services within this application. However, the privacy policies for certain specific services will be more specific about how we use your information in connection with those services. If there is any inconsistency between the privacy policy of the particular service in question and this Privacy Policy, the privacy policy of that particular service will apply.
Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the following.
Information collected by third party services accessed through our Services (including any third party websites).
Information collected through other companies or organizations that perform promotional services within our service.
IX. Changes
We may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we will notify you of such revisions by prominently displaying them on our home page or by sending you an email or other means before they become effective. By continuing to use our Services after such notice to you, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, as amended.