Message
Ok
SPIN TO WIN
UNLOCK $100+12% OFF YOUR ORDER
When you sign up for email and texts
Enter email
Enter phone number
By registering, you agree to Modlily's
Privacy Policy
.
By clicking GET $100 OFF, you agree to Modlily's
Privacy Policy
.
By submitting this form, you agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders) from Modlily at the cell number used when signing up. Consent is not a condition of any purchase. Reply HELP for help and STOP to cancel. Msg frequency varies. Msg and data rates may apply. View
Terms
&
Privacy
.
NO THANKS
SPIN TO WIN
WIN UP TO $100 OFF+12% OFF FOR YOUR ORDER
Oops! The format of your email is wrong, and it will be automatically corrected to:
Do you want to register with the email?
Yes. This is my email.
No. I’ll try it myself.
Welcome Back! Your email has been registered and cannot get new customer coupons. Here is a
10% OFF coupon
as a GIFT for you!
Sign In and Check My Coupon >>
Try It Later >>
Registered Success!
$100 OFF for registering for the email has been applied
Now share your birthday and
earn 500 M Points!
500 Points = $
.00
Birthday:
CONFIRM
I DON'T WANT $
CHECK YOUR TEXTS
Reply ‘Y’ to confirm your subscription
Add a Password
Add to get 500 points & 3 coupon
For your account security, please add a password. You can use it to sign in more quickly next time.
Add Password
Password must contain 6 characters minimum and at lease 1 letter
SUBMIT
Skip and shop now
Only one chance to save BIG
Give up opportunities for large discounts?
Claim my savings
Give up chance for $100 OFF
Processing
0
Thank you for accessing Modlily.com. We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information. To learn more, please read this Privacy Policy.
I. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Information including user name, address, phone number, and email address, will be collected at the time of user registration on the Site.
If you are registering an account through social media platforms such as Facebook or Google, we may collect your email address and public profile.
If you are registering as wholesaler, dropshipper or affliate member, in addition to the information mentioned above, we may also collect information about your business, such as the your website, your customer’s name, address, etc.
If you make a payment, we collect personal data in connection with payment. This data includes your Paypal account, credit or debit card number and other card information, and other account and authentication information, as well as billing, shipping, and contact details.
If you contact our customer service, we may record your conversation with us and collect additional information to verify your identity.
We record users' buying and browsing activities on our site including but not limited to IP addresses, browsing patterns, buyer behavioral patterns and equipment information. In addition, we gather statistical information about the Site and visitors to the Site including, but not limited to, IP addresses, browser software, operating system, software and hardware attributes, pages viewed, number of sessions and unique visitors.
II. USE OF PERSONAL DATA
We collect and use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
--verifying your identity;
--processing your registration as a user, providing you with a log-in ID for the Site and maintaining and managing your registration;
--providing you with customer service and responding to your queries, feedback, claims or disputes;
--Offering and measuring targeted advertisements and services.
III. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
We may disclose and transfer your Personal Data to our partners and to service providers engaged by us to assist us to provide services to you.
--payment service providers to assist with payment for transactions. The activities of payment service providers may be governed by their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy;
--credit risk assessment providers to conduct risk assessment on transactions to prevent fraud and other risk incidents;
--logistics partners for providing delivery service
--customer service to provide pre-sale and after-sale services
IV. RIGHTS REGARDING PERSONAL DATA
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is accurate, complete, and up to date.
The right to access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Data. In order to exercise these rights, users may contact us at
Contact US
The right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.
V. COOKIES
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide, protect, and improve our products and services, such as by personalizing content, offering and measuring advertisements, understanding user behavior, and providing a safer experience.
You can remove or reject cookies using your browser or device settings, but in some cases doing so may affect your ability to use our products and services.
VI. MINORS
The Site and their contents are not targeted to minors (those under the age of 18) and we do not intend to sell any of our products or services to minors. If we learn that we have collected the personal data of a child under 16, or the equivalent minimum age depending on the jurisdiction, we will take steps to delete the data as soon as possible.
VII. SECURITY MEASURES
We use reasonable security methods to prevent unauthorized access to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to your data, and to correctly use the data we collect. For registered users, some of your information can be viewed and edited through your account, which is protected by a password.
It is important that you take precautions to protect against unauthorized access to your account credentials, and computer or other devices.
VIII. CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or its implementation, here is how you can reach us:
Contact US
Previous:
Terms of Use
Next:
Intellectual Property Notice
Was this article helpful？
Quick Links
FAQs
Return & Exchange Policy
Shipping & Handling
Size & Fit
How to Track
Modlily Coupon Codes
Modlily Customer Reviews
Help Center
Payment Methods
How to Order
M points Program
VIP Membership
Contact Us
Order Lookup
Start a Return
Company Info
About Us
Affiliate Program
Pro Program
Join in Dropshipping
Satisfaction Survey
Press
Blog
Further Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Intellectual Property Notice
Klarna
Refer A Friend
The Modlily App
Sign In/Create Account
Free shipping
over
$69
Free shipping
over
€NaN.00
$100 OFF in total
for new user
30 days
free exchange
30 days
easy return
Email
By verifying your mobile number, you agree to receive SMS Security Alerts: Modlily account changes, password protection. Message and data rates may apply.
Continue
Or Join With
Continue with Google
Continue with Facebook
Continue with PayPal
Continue with Apple
Email
Password
sign in
Forgot Password
Or sign in with security code
Create Modlily Account
it’s easy just fill in passowrd.
Email
Fill in password
6 characters minimum and at least 1 letter.
Sign up for Rosewe emails. Unsubscribe anytime.
CREATE  ACCOUNT
By selecting Create Account, you agree to our
T&C
. View
Privacy Policy
.
WHAT IS PRE ORDER?
1. A successful pre-order must meet 15 pcs within the 5-day period, otherwise Pre-order will be failed.
2. For pre-order items, we offer up to 35% off for only 5 days. and cannot be combined with coupon codes.
3. All pre-order items enjoy free standard shipping without minimum order. Pre-items and in stock items will be separated into different orders compulsorilv.
4. The shipping date is according to the estimated shipping date in the product details page.
5. We can refund to your store account first if the pre-order failed.
6. If you have any questions, please contact our
customer service
.
Message
Ok
APP only
Free Shipping over
$69
$49
◆
◆
Join us to save on top fashion
We use cookies to remember your interest, language to offer you the best shopping experience. By continuing to use our site, please click on "Accept" to accept cookies, and you can see more in our
Privacy Policy
.
ACCEPT
CLOSE