This Privacy Policy is to explain how ENDERUN BILISIM SANAYI VE DIS TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI collects, uses, and shares your personal information while you play the games provided by ENDERUN BILISIM SANAYI VE DIS TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI(“Services”).You acknowledge and agree that ENDERUN BILISIM SANAYI VE DIS TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI reserves the right to update, modify or revise this Privacy Policy at any time, by publishing an updated version to the website located at enderunstudios.com. The updated Terms of Use or Privacy Policy come into force immediately upon being published on enderunstudios.com. You are advised to check the website from time to time for notices concerning such updates.By using any ENDERUN BILISIM SANAYI VE DIS TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI Services you agree to the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Services.
1.What information we collect & how we collect it
Provided by you:
Contact information provided by you within the Services, such as nickname and email address
Your communication logs with the Service support or the community team, such as support tickets or in-service chat texts
Collected automatically by us or our service providers:
Data about your game progress & account
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
Data about your device, such as device name, model and operating system, screen resolution, browser type, country and language settings, internet provider, cellular net operator, network type
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers, such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, geo-location, IMEI
Data obtained through third parties, such as your social network ID, application store ID (Google Play Store, App Store), social network name, email, and friends list obtained through social accounts (Facebook, Google, VK etc.).
2. What we use the information for:
Service operation & improvement
Creation of new accounts which allows new players to initially access the Services
Verification and confirmation of payments processed through and/or within the Services
Delivery of the requested services and products
In-service communication, such as chats with other Service users and/or communication with the support team
Player experience improvement, development, and customization
Timely notification & related information delivery, such as support messages, updates, and security alerts
Service security maintenance
Monitoring of Service usage
Detection of suspicious activity
Taking action against fraudulent players
Ads personalization
Improvement of the advertisements presented to you in accordance with your online behavior
Analysis of the advertisements effectiveness & their according tailoring
3. How we keep the information safe & secure
We’re committed to keeping your information secure by any means available, therefore, we’ve taken appropriate steps & measures according to industry standards, including, where suitable, encryption, to ensure that your personal data & transactions are protected from unauthorized access, misuse or modification.
4. How you can access, update or manage your personal information
In case your information is incomplete, outdated, incorrect or no longer relevant for the purpose of processing, you can send us your request at info@enderunstudios.com This is email may also be used in case you need to file a complaint or have any questions regarding your personal data use or about this Privacy Policy.
5. Information retention
We will retain your data for as long as your account is active or for as long as needed in order to provide you with the Services. Please be acknowledged that if you request deletion of your data, we will retain anonymous information after your account has been deleted. Any information you have shared with other users of our Services, such as in-service chat messages, group posts or any other content available for other users, will remain available in the system after your data deletion.
6. What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.