VDM'WEB is the responsible for processing of personal information on the
www.vdmwebinfo.com
website on which Information about VDM'WEB`s Mobile Products is offered.
The protection of Personal Data is our priority and for information on data protection, please contact us using vdmweb@yahoo.com.
When visiting the website
When you visit our website, information is automatically sent to our website server by the browser used on your device. This information is temporarily stored in a so-called log file. The following information is collected without your intervention and stored until automatic deletion and may include your IP address.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. These are small files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your end device when you visit our site. Cookies do not cause any damage to your end device and do not contain any viruses, Trojans or other malware. Information is stored in the cookie that is related to the specific end device used. You can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your device, or a notice always appears before a new cookie is created. However, the complete deactivation of cookies may mean that you cannot use all the functions of our website.
When contacting us
When contacting us, we collect the following data so that we know who the enquiry is from and so that we can answer it: First name, Surname, E-mail address, Phone number and details about Request.
Disclosure of data
We will only pass on your personal data to third parties if:
路         You have asked us to do so and given your express consent to do.
路         The disclosure is necessary for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
路         In the event that there is a legal obligation for the disclosure.
路         This is legally permissible and necessary for the processing of contractual relationships with you.
We use content or service offers of third-party providers on the basis of our legitimate interests in order to integrate their content and services and may include, Advertising, the provision of Services on our behalf and related services or the analysis of our Advertising.
Third-party advertising providers may use cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons and automatically receive your IP address. However, we have no direct influence on what data is processed by the providers.
Data security
Within the website visit, we use the widespread SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer) in connection with the highest encryption level supported by your browser. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments; however, data transmission or storage online can never be considered 100% secure.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other providers. We would like to point out that we can not be responsible for the content, privacy practices of others and that those are outside our area of responsibility.
Data of Children
We encourage parents and guardians to actively participate in the online activities and interests of their children. If you become aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, without parental consent, please contact us and we take the necessary steps to remove that information from our server.
How often do we update this privacy policy?
This privacy policy may be amended from time to time, for example to bring it into line with new data protection legislation. We will post any changes to the privacy policy on this page. If you have any questions, please contact us using vdmweb@yahoo.com.
VDM WEB
Blogger Theme
Contact form
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it