Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 23 Jul 2022
This Privacy Policy explains how your personal data is collected and processed by Native Technology LTD (“us”, “we”, or “our”) when you use any mobile application ("app", "game") published by "
Native Technology
" developer in Google Play store or in the Apple AppStore.
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, depending on the specific changes, we will provide you with additional notice or require a renewed consent. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access our apps to stay informed about how we process your personal data and how you can protect your privacy.
Collection of information
Information we collect automatically through the app
We do not collect any Personal Information from and about you, which is the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geolocation information, credit card information and user names.
App Store Server API
If we receive a refund request for an in-app purchase from an end user, we reserve the right to provide Apple with information regarding the user's in-app purchase consumption. This includes the following data: app usage time, anonymous account identifier, total amount spent, and total amount refunded.
We can collect some Non-personal information about you, which is information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally, including:
information about you such as your age, non-precise geolocation information, gender etc.
information about your device, hardware/software/firmware, screen resolution etc.
information about your use of the app, game progress, scores, preferred options etc.
Information we get through other sources
If you submit information through our website or email we cannot control type of the info you submit and privacy level of such info. See the following sections to know how we store and process such Directly-sent Information.
Processing and usage of information
Processing of Directly-sent information
As mentioned above we can get unregulated data and information from the users by email or through the website contact form. Mostly we ignore and do not process any Personal Information from such requests, only analyse some general feedback about our apps, complaints and recommendations to improve quality of our apps. But in special cases, including support requests, accidental purchases, personal data removal requests, any kind of complaints about our apps and service - we can use required Personal Information to resolve an issue and satisfy the user.
Storage of information
We will store your data for as long as necessary in order to provide you with the app or otherwise fulfil the purposes as described above, unless further storage is required in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or to comply with applicable law, including accounting rules.
Your data are deleted or anonymized as soon as it no longer serves one of the above mentioned purposes and in any event no later than three (3) years after your interaction with our apps has ceased.
Sharing of information
NOTICE about Children! We do not share any personal info including all kinds of user-specific IDs to any third-party companies and services from all child-direct and designed for families apps. Please read our special privacy policy document for the child-targeted apps and games.
For all adults-targeted apps and games we may disclose information about you to the following recipients:
The recipients' usage of the disclosed information will not be covered by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions concerning the processing carried out by such third parties, you should review their privacy policy.
Apps for general audience
Some of our apps are published for all-ages-audience including adults and kids, that is specified in Google Play or AppStore publishing information. In such apps we do not collect, do not process and do not share any Personal Information of users, including advertising ID. Please read our special privacy policy document for the child-targeted apps and games.
Special cases
If it comes to us attention that Personal Information has been collected from a person under the minimum age limit, we will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have Personal Information from or about a child under the minimum age limit, please contact us at unfollowdev@proton.me.
Parental Access. If you wish to update, correct, or delete the Personal Information that we have for your child, you may do so by contacting us at unfollowdev@proton.me.
If you have additional questions about our privacy practices related to children under the applicable minimum age, please contact us at unfollowdev@proton.me.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Contact and complaints
Native Technology
has the following contact information:
E-mail: unfollowdev@proton.me
If you wish to make a complaint over the processing of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint to the relevant supervisory authority.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it