Student Mobility
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy concerns us, and we at Student Mobility (hereinafter Stumob) take the responsibility you have entrusted us directly or indirectly seriously.
This policy explains how Stumob collects customer data, uses the data and in which situations and to whom the data is disclosed for the purposes of dispense of products and services the management of the website www.studentmobility.nl.
Student Mobility BV. is a company that operates within travel and student products and services. Collecting and processing personal data is a necessary part for dispensing the products and services and the process of it is described in this privacy policy.
Student Mobility is a data controller for the processing of personal data for the purposes mentioned in paragraphs 3.1 - 3.4 of this Privacy Policy. The ISIC ASSOCIATION, registration number 26746760, headquartered Nytorv 5, 1450 København K. Denmark, is the controller of personal data for the purposes of ISIC, ITIC, IYTC issuing, management and any other purposes that ISIC Association processes personal data for. Student Mobility is not legally bound for the ISIC Association’s processing of personal data. For more information please visit
https://www.isic.org/privacy-policy/
.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or to our handling of your personal data, please contact us at:
Student Mobility BV
KVK registration: 89253221
Singel 413H 1012WP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
privacy@studentmobility.nl
1. Protection and safety are important to us
Responsible handling of personal data as a part of the operation of our business is crucial to our business objectives and reputation. In this privacy policy we will account for how your personal data is collected and used when you are an applicant, supplier or business partner and how you can gain access to your own personal data.
2. What is personal data?
Personal data is any kind of data about an identified or identifiable living individual. An identifiable individual is understood as a person, who directly or indirectly can be identified, among other things, by an identification number or one or more elements, that are particular to a given person’s identity.
3.	What types of personal data are we processing and why?
Your personal data will be used for different purposes in relation to your position as an applicant for ISIC, IYTC or ITIC and the operations of Stumob. The data collected may vary, depending on whether you are an applicant/student, supplier or business partner, but in general it will be the data regarding the management of applications for dispensing of a chosen product or service, supplier administration, direct marketing and data processing regarding implementation of Stumob’ rights and obligations.
Failure to provide personal data on your part, may mean that Stumob is unable to fulfil or continue its obligations towards you as a customer or a supplier.
As a rule, Stumob
only collects and processes ordinary personal data for the purposes of management of applications for dispensing of products and services.
It is the responsibility of ISIC Association to process personal data as a data controller for the purposes of ISIC, ITIC, IYTC management and any other purposes that ISIC Association processes personal data for.
Stumob will typically gather the following information as a data controller, including but not limited to: name and address details, banking details, preferences, job related content (including resume's).
3.1
Information concerning our customers
The information provided to us when applying for a product or service online via the website is: first name, last name, birth date, place of study, nationality, arrival date and proof of student status by the educational institution (applies only for ISIC), place of work and proof of teacher status by the educational institution (applies only for ITIC), promotional code (if applies), mobile phone number, email address, identification photo, card validity, date of issue, card serial number, information regarding payment of a fee for card issuance (price, type of payment, date, payment confirmation), resume (applies only for “Job service”) and possible communication regarding provision of services.
3.2
Information concerning our suppliers and business partners
Information you provide when entering a contract or agreement with us, including contact information (job, job title, first name, middle name(s), surnames, addresses, telephone number, email address), information regarding your marketing and communication preferences, as well as information you have given us if you contact us with questions, to report a problem or when you contact us with reference to your customer relationship.
3.3
Information concerning subscribers for direct marketing content
The information provided to us when subscribing for newsletters or other direct marketing content: name, surname, place of study, nationality, arrival date, phone number, email address, products or services bought, date of purchase.
3.4
Information concerning our customers who did not express disagreement for direct marketing at the time of purchase of products or services
The information collected by Stumob at the time of your purchase of Stumob’ products or services: name, surname, place of study, nationality, arrival date, phone number, email address, products or services bought, date of purchase.
4. What do we use your personal data for?
Stumob processes your personal data to fulfil the purposes stated below. Notice that not all purposes, categories of information, recipients of information and types of procedures are applicable to you in all cases. Stumob exclusively processes your personal data to the extent necessary for you as applicant, supplier or business partner or in accordance with existing laws.
4.1
Management of applications for dispensing of a product or service ordered
Stumob processes your personal data when collecting and administering your applications for dispensing of a product or service including maintenance of applicant registers, billing for the application and or other fees.
4.2
Administration of supplier and business partner relationships
Stumob processes your information when co-administrating supplier and business partner relations, where you are the supplier or business partner, or contact person with a supplier or business partner, which Stumob is working with as a part of the operation of our company, including maintenance of our CRM-registry with information about our contact with each supplier and business partner.
4.3
Direct marketing
In order to provide you information regarding Stumob’ services or products or to conduct customer surveys, Stumob processes your personal data for direct marketing purposes. Stumob processes your personal data for direct marketing purposes only if you have provided us with the consent for direct marketing purposes and or you have bought products or services from Stumob (e.g. applied for a product of service) and at the time of purchase you did not express disagreement for use of your personal data for the direct marketing purposes.
4.4
Compliance with current laws and regulations
Stumob processes your personal data in compliance with the laws and regulations that Stumob is subject to with respect to the operation of the business or for filing different liability and disclosure requirements in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
4.5
Automated decisions making and profiling
Stumob does not use your personal data to make decisions that are solely based on automatic processing except for profiling. Profiling is a form of automated processing of your personal data. We use profiling and data modelling e.g. to be able to offer you specific services and products that meet your preferences for marketing purposes. For example, a proposal for a new card issuance or renewal is prepared based on information about present type of the valid card, your compliance with our proposed products or goods.
4.6
Obligations to update personal data without undue delay
Stumob strives to guarantee that all personal data we process is correct and up to date. We therefore always ask you to inform us of the possible changes in your personal details (e.g. change of address, name, phone number, etc.) so that we can guarantee that your personal data is always correct and up to date. If your personal information changes, you should update your personal data immediately by writing to
privacy@studentmobility.nl
4.7
Statistics
All statistics and analysis are compiled in anonymized form and therefore do not contain information that can lead directly back to you as an identifiable person.
5.	How long do we keep your personal information?
Stumob will retain information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with the services or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).
Data processing retention period for management of applications for dispensing of a product/service/digital ISIC, IYTC or ITIC with Stumob is 36 months after the provision of the services (card issue date).
5.1.
We use your personal data for direct marketing purposes for 40 months after you have subscribed for newsletters or after a receival of your consent to use your personal data for direct marketing services.
5.2.
Your personal data may also be used for direct marketing purposes for 24 months after you have bought products or services at Stumob.
5.3.
Your data shall be deleted after we have received and executed your request to delete your personal data or you have unsubscribed from newsletters, when data processing is based under your consent or if we do not have any other reason to keep the data we process. You may withdraw your consent for direct marketing purposes at any time.
5.4.
The personal data for the purposes of administration of supplier and business partner relationships is stored for 3 years after the expiration of business relations.
5.5.
Stumob processes personal data accordingly to the retention periods provided by the laws and regulations.
The data retention periods are never prolonged unless it is based under specific law and regulation.
6.	Legal base for processing your personal data
Stumob essentially processes your information on the following grounds:
6.1.
Your consent (e.g. Direct marketing).
6.2.
You enter into and fulfilling contractual agreements with Stumob (f.e.. Management of applications for dispensing of a digital ISIC, IYTC or ITIC).
6.3.
Consideration for the legitimate interests of Stumob, as described above (e.g. direct marketing).
6.4.
Fulfilment of legal duties that Stumob is required to meet (e.g. billing, etc.).
6.5.
The processing is necessary for a legal claim to be established, enforced or defended
6.6.
In addition, there may be situations where we treat your personal data for the sake of Stumob’s or third parties' legitimate interests regarding the purposes described above, unless consideration for your interests is deemed more important (e.g. direct marketing)
7.  Transfer of Personal Data
Stumob only discloses data to the extent necessary for the operation of our business, including to provide services you have ordered.
Stumob will typically pass personal data to the following recipients when issuing products and services
7.1.
When ordering ISIC, ITIC, IYTC, Stumob passes personal data to ISIC Association through the ISIC Service Office DOO, Starine Novaka 1, 11000, Belgrade, Republic of Serbia. ISIC Association stores cardholder data for all active ISIC, IYTC, ITIC globally in Co. Dublin, Ireland and processes the personal data transferred by Stumob in order to provide the applicant with the ISIC, IYTC, ITIC services and to prove students’, teachers’ or youths’ card validity globally. The following data is provided at the time of ISIC, ITIC, IYTC issue: first name, surname, birth date, place of study, photo, place of work (applies only for ITIC), email address, card’s serial number, and, only if requested by ISIC Association, the copy of proof of study or work you have provided to us in order to confirm your eligibility to hold the card that you have been issued (applies only to ISIC and ITIC).
7.2.
Furthermore, Stumob may disclose your personal data to suppliers and service providers (data processors) as a part of normal operation of the company (for processing personal data on behalf of us), e.g. in connection with external administration of our IT systems, analysis reports, marketing, debt collection, credit rating, audit, legal assistance, payments acceptance etc.
7.3.
Some of the suppliers as credit rating, audit, legal assistance, payments acceptance etc., may be considered as data controllers themselves. For further information regarding ISIC Association’s, our suppliers’ and partners' processing and protection of your personal data, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use, for example in www.isicassociation.org.
7.4.
Stumob strives to limit the disclosure of personal data in personally identifiable format to the maximum extent possible, thereby limiting the cases where information can lead back to you personally.
8.	International transfers of your personal data
Stumob does not transfer your personal data to countries outside the EU/EEA for the purposes mentioned within this Privacy Policy, unless explicitly requested by the data subject or obliged by applicable laws.
9.	Data integrity and security
Personal data will be stored no longer than necessary in order to fulfil the purpose for which they have been collected, unless the storage is required to comply with national legal requirements, including statutory storage periods in connection with bookkeeping, etc.
It is Stumob’s policy to protect personal data by taking adequate technical and organizational security measures. When your personal data is no longer needed, we will ensure that they are deleted in a safe manner.
10.	Your rights
You are entitled to access any personal data we have registered and information on where it comes from and what we use it for. You can obtain information about how long we store your data, who receives data about you and to what extent we disclose data in The Netherlands and abroad. Your right of access may, however, be restricted by legislation, protection of other persons’ privacy and consideration for our business and practices. Our know-how, business secrets as well as internal assessments and material may also be exempt from the right of access.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to object to our processing your personal data. This is the case for example when the processing is based on our legitimate interests.
Objection to direct marketing. You have the right to object to our use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling that is related to this purpose at any time.
If the data is incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant, you are entitled to have the data corrected or erased with the restrictions that follow from existing legislation and rights to process data. These rights are known as the “right to rectification”, “right to erasure” or “right to be forgotten”.
If you believe that the data we have registered about you is incorrect, or if you have objected to the use of the data, you may demand that we restrict the use of these data to storage. Use will be restricted to storage only until the correctness of the data can be established, or it can be checked whether our legitimate interests outweigh your interests.
If you are entitled to have the data we have registered about you erased, you may instead request us to restrict the use of these data to storage. If we need to use the data we have registered about you solely to assert a legal claim, you may also demand that other use of these data be restricted to storage. We may, however, be entitled to other use to assert a legal claim or if you have granted your consent to this.
You can withdraw your consent at any given time. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to offer you specific services or products. Note also that we will continue to use your personal data, for example, to fulfil an agreement we have made with you or if we are required to do so by law.
If we use data based on your consent or as a result of an agreement, and the data processing is automated, you have a right to receive a copy of the data you have provided in an electronic machine-readable format.
If you wish to claim one or more of your rights, please contact us at privacy@studentmobility.nl. Your request will be processed in accordance with the data protection legislation currently in force.
Complaint about the processing of your personal data by Stumob can be made to:
The Netherlands - Dutch Data Protection Authority Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
Postbus 93374 2509 AJ DEN HAAG
Telephone number: (+31) - (0)70 - 888 85 00 Fax: (+31) - (0)70 - 888 85 01 (only by appointment)
Bezuidenhoutseweg 30 2594 AV Den Haag
11.	Updates
Stumob regularly evaluates and updates this privacy policy. Therefor please regularly check this privacy policy for any changes that may affect our processing of your personal data.
Updated 30-05-2024
Student Mobility
KVK registration: 89253221
VAT: NL864924720B01
Amsterdam,
The Netherlands
Social
Student  Products
Transportation
Student Job
Banking
Inbound Travel
About us
About Student Mobility
Partnership
Blog
Tips
Travel
Career
Newsletter
Get updated information, promo and discount!
Email
(Required)
© 2023 Student Mobility. All rights reserved
Privacy & Policy
|
Terms & conditions
Student Mobility uses functional cookies and cookies for the management of web statistics, advertisements and social media. By using our website you agree to these cookies and similar techniques
Yes, I want a fully functional site!
No
Privacy policy
Notifications