Privacy Policy
Effective
date: January 19, 2023
Updated
on: January 19, 2023
Welcome to use the
products and services of FIGHT ENERGY GAMES
（
HK
）
LIMITED
(hereinafter referred to as "
we
")! We are fully aware of the
importance of personal information to you, and your trust is very important to
us. We will strictly abide by the requirements of laws and regulations to take
corresponding security protection measures and strive to protect your personal
information security and controllability. Based on this, we have formulated
this "Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this
Policy"/"this Privacy Policy") to help you fully understand how
we will collect, use, share, store and protect your personal information and
how you can manage your personal information during your use of our products
and services, so that you can make better choices.
This Privacy Policy
(hereinafter referred to as "this Policy") is signed and effective on
the date you obtain and use this product and service. The establishment, performance,
interpretation and dispute resolution of this Policy shall be subject to the
laws of the People's Republic of China and exclude the application of all other
conflict laws. This Policy is established in Haizhu District, Guangzhou. If the
two parties have any disputes over the content of this Policy or its
implementation (including but not limited to contractual or other property
rights disputes), the two parties shall resolve them through friendly
negotiation; if the negotiation fails, the two parties agree to submit it to
the jurisdiction and handling of the Guangzhou Arbitration Commission.
Before you start
using our products and services, please be sure to read and understand this
policy carefully, especially the terms marked in
bold/bold underlined
,
to ensure that you fully understand and agree before starting to use them. We
will try to explain the professional terms involved in this policy in a concise
and popular way to facilitate your understanding.
If you have any questions,
comments or suggestions about the content of this policy, you can contact us
through the contact information at the end of this policy.
Your agreement to
this privacy policy indicates that you have understood the functions provided
by the App and the necessary personal information required for the operation of
these functions, and have given the corresponding authorization for collection
and use. However, it does not mean that you have separately agreed to enable
additional functions and process non-essential personal information. We will
separately seek your consent for enabling relevant additional functions,
processing non-essential personal information, and processing sensitive
personal information based on your actual usage.
This Privacy Policy
will help you understand the following:
1. Scope of
application of this Privacy Policy
II. How we collect
and use your personal information
III. How do we
share, entrust processing, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal
information?
IV. Storage of
Information
V. Protection of
Minors
VI. Policy Updates
VII. How to realize
user rights
1. Scope of application of
this Privacy Policy
the iWallpaper
we provide to you
(hereinafter referred to as "
iWallpaper Products
", "
Products
"
or "
our Products and Services
"). The specific content of the
iWallpaper you obtain may vary depending on the software version you use. If
some versions do not cover certain service content or do not provide specific
functions, the terms of this privacy policy related to the above
services/functions and related personal information will not apply.
Except for the
relevant information collection and use activities described in this policy,
this policy does not apply to products and services provided to you by other
third parties.
When you use services provided by a third party through iWallpaper
products, your information shall be subject to the third party's personal
information collection and use rules. We will clearly inform you on the
specific service page that the service is provided by a specific third party,
and strongly recommend that you understand and confirm the privacy protection
of the product and service provider before using the above-mentioned
third-party products and services (especially services related to personal
information).
II. How we collect and use
your personal information
When you use iWallpaper
products, we need/may need to collect and use the following two types of your
personal information:
1. In order to
provide you with the basic functions of iWallpaper products, you must authorize
us to collect and use the necessary information.
If you refuse to provide
the corresponding information, you will not be able to use our products and/or
services normally.
2. In order to
provide you with additional functions of iWallpaper products, you can choose to
agree or disagree with the information we collect and use.
If you refuse to
provide, you will not be able to use the relevant additional functions normally
or achieve the functional effects we intend to achieve, but it will not affect
your use of our basic functions.
We would like to
remind you that we are committed to creating a variety of products and services
to meet your needs.
Because we provide you with a wide variety of products
and services, and different users choose to use different specific
products/services, the basic/additional functions and the corresponding types
and scopes of personal information collected and used will be different. Please
refer to the specific product/service functions.
(I) Functional
scenarios in which we collect and use your personal information
1. User account
registration, login and management
When you register a
user account, we will collect and use your
mobile phone number, APPLE ID
email address, QQ account, WeChat account, user name and password
and
other information. The collection and use of mobile phone numbers is to meet
the real identity information authentication requirements of relevant laws and
regulations, to help you complete account registration and login functions, and
to protect
账
the security of your account. If you do not provide this information,
you may not be able to use our services normally. You can also choose to fill
in information
such as avatar, nickname, gender, age, location,
etc.
according to your own needs to use personalized additional services, but if you
do not provide this information, it will not affect your use of the basic
services provided by this product.
2.
Provide you with cash
withdrawal or payment recharge functions
When you use our
cash withdrawal or payment recharge function, we will collect and use your
bank
card information, transaction records, real name, ID card and other identity
information, order information (such as purchased items, subscription time,
payment time), transaction status, and
we will obtain information on
whether your payment is successful from WeChat, Alipay, IOS system and other
channels. The purpose of collecting this information is to comprehensively
judge your account and transaction risks, conduct identity authentication,
detect and prevent security incidents, and confirm your order status to provide
you with services, protect your property safety and handle user disputes. If
you do not agree to provide this information, you may not be able to purchase
value-added services due to the inability to complete payment settlement, but
it will not affect your use of the basic services provided by this product.
3. Customer service and
dispute resolution
When you contact us
or make inquiries, complaints, reports, or apply for pre-sales, after-sales, or
dispute resolution regarding your use of iWallpaper products, in order to
protect the security of your account and system,
we need you to provide
necessary personal information to verify your identity.
In order to
facilitate contacting you, help you solve problems as soon as possible, or
record solutions and results of related problems, we (or entrust a third party)
will collect and use
your contact information, your communication/call
records and content with us, and other necessary information related to your
needs (including but not limited to identity proof of the complaining right
holder such as ID card, intellectual property ownership proof such as creative
manuscripts, infringement proof, etc.)
. We collect this information to
verify your identity, facilitate timely contact with you and help solve
problems later, and record solutions and results of related problems.
4. Provide you with
positioning functions
When you choose to
experience functions that require the use of positioning, such as connecting to
WiFi, WiFi acceleration, optimization services, positioning and obtaining more
accurate weather reports and push services, we will ask you to authorize the
location
permissions required for this function
. If you do not agree or cancel
the authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding function, but
it will not affect your use of other functions of the product. After obtaining
your authorization, we will collect your
geographic location information
through GPS or WiFi, as well as real-time information containing your
geographic location
provided by you or other users , such as
your
region information
contained in the account information you provide ,
shared information uploaded by you or others showing your
current or previous
geographic location , and geo-tag information
contained in photos
shared by you or others .
5. Provide you with image
processing and content publishing functions
When you use our
content publishing function to upload and publish album pictures or take
photos, or use image beautification, wallpaper, AI, cutout and other image
processing functions, we will ask you to authorize the
camera, photo, and
camera permissions required for the function
. If you do not agree or
cancel the authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding
function, but it will not affect your use of other functions of the product.
After obtaining your authorization, we will
read your album image files
so
that you can experience the services of uploading and publishing, taking
photos/pictures/videos, and experiencing image beautification and processing,
and realize functions such as publishing information and comments, live video,
or communicating with customer service to provide proof. If you need to
experience beauty, beautification, cutout, and AI special effects functions, we
will
collect your skin and facial parameters (this part of information is
sensitive personal information)
for facial feature analysis, effect
optimization, and functional rendering of maps, special effects, and props.
This type of information is information that must be collected to provide this
service. After collection, we will de-identify it and will not be used to
identify any specific user. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to
experience the aforementioned specific functions, but it will not affect your
experience of other functions of the product.
If you choose to
use certain special effects that require facial information for adjustment or
feedback, in order to comprehensively count and perform feature analysis
through algorithms to provide you with a more optimized experience and effects,
we may use plug-ins to assist in the provision of services, which may require
the
collection of your facial recognition features
.
When you finish
taking pictures and choose to use functions such as "HD Portrait" and
"Cartoon Face", in order to achieve faster and more accurate image
processing and facial effect optimization,
we need to temporarily upload
the pictures to be processed to the server
. The uploaded pictures will
only be used for image processing and facial effect optimization through
specific special effects props or sticker functions. We will not store the
pictures and any information related to the pictures in any form, or use them
for any other purpose, or provide them to any third party unrelated to the
provision of this function. After completing the relevant image processing and
returning the HD picture to you, we will immediately delete the relevant
pictures and all information related to the pictures from the server.
Please note that
since the value-added functions of this part of image processing are provided
by Tencent Cloud, if you really need to experience it, it will involve sending
your facial information back to the Tencent Cloud server in order to achieve
your image processing effect. Please understand that we will
de-identify/anonymize the above information after collecting and using it. Data
analysis only corresponds to specific codes that cannot be directly associated
with user identities, and we promise to delete the facial image information
after completing the image processing and returning the processing results to
you.
6. Ensure the normal
operation of products and services
(1) To ensure the safe operation, quality and efficiency of
software and services, and to improve and optimize our service experience, we
will collect your:
device model, operating system, unique device
identifier (such as Android ID/OAID for Android and IDFA before iOS 14.5 for
iOS), battery, signal strength, configuration information, login IP address,
and version of the mobile device and the unique device identifier
;
information
you search or browse when using our services, including the web search terms
you use, the URL addresses of social media pages you visit, length of stay,
refresh records, posting records, follows, subscriptions, favorites, shares,
and other information and content details you browse or request when using our
services; information about mobile applications (APPs) and other software you
have used, and information (metadata) contained in the content you share
through our services, such as the date, time or location of the shared photos
or videos taken or uploaded
.
(2) To prevent viruses, Trojans or other malicious programs and
websites, we may collect
information about applications installed on your
device (such as version, language, source, etc.), process information, overall
operation, usage and frequency, application crashes, and performance data
.
(3) We may use
your account information, device
information, service log information
, and information that our
affiliates and partners may provide with your authorization or in accordance
with the law to assess account and transaction security, conduct identity
authentication, identify violations of laws and regulations, detect and prevent
security incidents, and take necessary recording, analysis, and disposal
measures in accordance with the law.
7. Provide you with normal
theme component functions
In order to
properly display various information in the desktop widget, including time,
power, storage space, memory, system version, step count, weather, etc., we may
collect your relevant device information. With your consent, the app will
collect this information every time it is started. This information may
include:
（1）
Device attributes and device signals: phone model, screen size,
screen resolution, battery level, system version, available storage space,
network type, application and file name and type,
device location
, current
application version number, network status of the device you are using,
Bluetooth
status, WIFI access point information, WIFI scan results, device sensors
(gyroscope, acceleration, gravity, linear acceleration), clipboard, and
installation list
;
(2)
Device
serial number and other device identifiers:
including
the
International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), advertising identifier (IDFA),
Android ID and other device serial numbers, network device hardware address
(MAC), unique identifier, network device hardware address,
etc.;
8. Provide you with
information about products, operations, etc.
We may provide you
with information about products, operations, and other information (including
information recommended based on your preferences and generally published
information that is not specific) through SMS, in-site messages, and other
forms for marketing purposes. We may share information with partners who
conduct promotions and advertising, but we will take necessary technical
measures to provide you with more relevant promotional information without
identifying your personal identity. We may share group portraits or statistical
information with service providers, suppliers, and other partners of our
business. This information is difficult or impossible to associate with your
real identity. If you do not want to receive the above information, you can
unsubscribe at any time according to the SMS prompt or other methods we
provide.
2. Device
Permission Call
When we provide
services, we
will call upon some of your device permissions. You can check
the permission status in the device settings and choose to turn on or off some
or all permissions. Please note that when you turn on any permission, it means
that you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to
provide you with the corresponding services. Once you turn off any permission,
it means that you cancel the authorization. We will no longer continue to
collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding
permission, and we will not be able to provide you with the services
corresponding to the permission. However, your decision to turn off the
permission will not affect the previous collection and use of information based
on your authorization.
The way permissions
are displayed and closed varies on different devices. Please refer to the
device or system development instructions and guidelines.
Your device system
may open other permissions while authorizing necessary information. We cannot
close authorization manually or automatically.
The specific device
permission calls are as follows:
(1) When you use
the "One-click lock screen" function, we will ask you to authorize
the activation
of your device manager
.
(2) When you use
features such as recording and reminders, we will ask you to authorize the
read/write calendar permission to obtain your
schedule time
.
(3) When you
download, save or share pictures, we will ask you to authorize us to
read
the storage space
to read and store pictures for background picture
setting.
the location
permissions
required for this function .
(5) When you use
our content publishing function to upload and publish album pictures or take
photos, or use image beautification, wallpaper, AI, cutout and other image
processing functions, we will ask you to authorize the
camera, photo, and
webcam permissions required for this function
.
(6) When necessary,
we will ask you to enable the
automatic startup
permission of the
application to install widgets, shortcuts and wallpaper scenarios for your
mobile phone, so as to ensure that the background updates widgets in time, open
third-party apps for shortcuts, and update wallpapers to provide you with
better services.
(7) After you
enable notification permissions, we can provide you with information reminder
functions so that you can understand the dynamics of our products more quickly
and enter our products.
(8) When you use
functions such as checking friend status, inviting friends, optimizing address
book, sharing, and making phone calls, we will ask you to authorize
address
book permissions
to obtain your address book friend information in
order to detect the activity of your address book friends, optimize your
address book friend list information, and provide convenient services for
making phone calls to your address book friends.
(III) Exceptions to
obtaining authorization and consent
Please understand
that in the following circumstances, in accordance with laws, regulations and
relevant national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization or
consent to collect and use your personal information:
(1) Related to our
performance of obligations prescribed by laws and regulations;
(2) Those directly
related to national security or national defense security;
(3) Directly
related to public safety, public health, or major public interests;
(4) Directly
related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of
judgment;
(5) For the purpose
of protecting the life, property, and other major legitimate rights and
interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, but it is
difficult to obtain the consent of the individual;
(6) The personal
information collected is disclosed to the public by you on your own initiative;
(7) Your personal
information is collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news
reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
(8) Necessary for
entering into or performing a contract at your request;
(9) Necessary for
maintaining the safe and stable operation of the software and related services,
such as discovering and handling failures in the software and related services;
(10) Necessary for
legitimate news reporting;
(11) When academic
research institutions conduct statistical or academic research based on public
interests and provide the results of academic research or descriptions to the
public, they shall de-identify the personal information contained in the
results;
(12) Other
circumstances prescribed by laws and regulations.
(IV) Others
Please understand
that the services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If
you choose to use other services not covered in the above description, and we
need to collect your information based on the service, we will explain the
scope and purpose of information collection to you in a reasonable manner and
obtain your consent.
III. How do we provide your
personal information to external parties?
1. Sharing
We will not share
your personal information with third-party companies, organizations, and
individuals, except in the following circumstances:
1. Sharing
necessary to fulfill legal obligations
: We may share your
personal information in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations,
the needs of litigation, dispute resolution, or the requirements of
administrative and judicial authorities in accordance with the law, as well as
the needs of fulfilling other legal obligations.
2. Sharing with
your consent
: We will share your personal information with other parties after
obtaining your explicit consent.
3. Sharing when
necessary for entering into and performing a contract to which you are a party:
When
you choose to use or order goods or services provided by a third party, in
order to smoothly complete your reservation service, after-sales service and
ensure service security, we will provide your personal information to the
service provider based on the necessity of the service.
4. Sharing with
affiliates:
To facilitate us and our affiliates to provide you with some
services,
your personal information may be shared with our affiliates and/or
their designated service providers.
We will only share necessary personal
information and will be subject to the purposes stated in this policy. If we
share your sensitive personal information or our affiliates change the purpose
of using and processing your personal information, we will ask for your
authorization and consent again.
Before sharing
information, we will sign a strict data security and confidentiality agreement
with the third party with whom we share personal information, requiring them to
take relevant confidentiality and security measures to handle personal
information in accordance with our instructions and this privacy policy.
Please note that the
information you voluntarily share or even publicly share when using our
services may involve your or others' personal information or even sensitive
personal information. Please consider and make decisions more carefully.
(II) Entrusted
processing
We may entrust
authorized partners to process your personal information so that they can
provide you with certain services or perform functions on our behalf. We will
only entrust them to process your information for the legitimate, proper,
necessary, specific and clear purposes stated in this policy statement.
Authorized partners can only access the information required to perform their
duties, and we will require them through an agreement not to use this
information for any other purpose beyond the scope of the entrustment. If the
authorized partner uses your information for purposes not entrusted by us, it
will obtain your consent separately.
(III) Transfer
If we need to
transfer personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, or
bankruptcy, we will inform you of the name or name and contact information of
the recipient. The recipient will continue to perform this policy and other
legal obligations. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or
processing method, it will obtain your consent again.
(IV) Public
Disclosure
We will only
disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
1. Based on your
active choice and other separate consents;
2. If we determine
that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated the relevant
agreements and rules signed with us, or to protect the personal and property
safety of our users or the public from infringement, we may disclose your
personal information
,
including relevant violations and the measures
we have taken against you.
(V) Third-party
services
In order to ensure
the stable operation and function realization of iWallpaper products and enable
you to use and enjoy more services and functions, SDK or other similar
applications provided by third parties will be embedded in our products and
services. Specifically, they include:
A. You can use the
"Share" button to share certain content from our services to
third-party services, or you can share content from third-party services to our
services. These features will collect your information (including your log
information) in order to operate the above features normally;
B. We provide you
with links through advertisements or other means of our services, allowing you
to link to third-party services or websites;
C. Other situations
of accessing third-party services. For example, to achieve the purposes stated
in this policy, we may access SDKs or other similar applications provided by
third-party service providers, and share certain of your information collected
in accordance with this policy with such third-party service providers in order
to provide better customer service and user experience. Currently, the
third-party service providers we access mainly include the following types:
a. For
advertising-related services, including advertising display, advertising data
monitoring/statistics, etc.;
b. Used for message
push functions, including push notifications from mobile phone manufacturers,
reminders of specific events, etc.;
c. For
payment-related services, including order payment, transaction verification,
income settlement, payment information summary statistics, etc.;
d. Used to obtain
device location permissions, collect device information and log information,
etc. with your consent;
e. For third-party
authorization services, including third-party account login, sharing of
relevant content to third-party products, etc.;
f. Used to support
product function modules, including online live broadcast, video playback,
voice recognition, AR, intelligent customer service, bullet screen playback,
content storage, etc.;
g. Used to optimize
product performance, including improving hardware network configuration
capabilities, reducing server costs, and performing functional hotfixes;
h. Used for account
security and product reinforcement related services, including network
monitoring, domain name resolution (HTTPDNS), anti-hijacking, anti-spam and
anti-cheating, encryption and decryption services, etc.
Some third-party
SDKs or similar applications we have access to will collect your personal
information based on the product functions you trigger.
If you use such
services provided by third parties in our services, you agree that they will
directly collect and process your information
. We will evaluate the
legality, legitimacy, and necessity of such third-party services collecting
personal information, and require such third parties to take protective
measures for your personal information and strictly comply with relevant laws,
regulations, and regulatory requirements. The specific third-party SDK
directory is as follows:
Sensors Data SDK
Company
information: Sensors Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
Information
obtained and purpose: device information; used to provide data analysis,
data-driven, improve product quality, and optimize user experience
Official website
link:
https://www.sensorsdata.cn/market/privacy_policy.html
Pangolin (Volume
Engine) Advertising SDK
Company
information: Hubei Jinri Toutiao Technology Co., Ltd.
Information
acquisition method: A secure method of third-party SDKs through encrypted
transmission and processing
Scope of
information obtained: device serial number, device identification information
(device model, running processes, MAC address, IMEI, OAID, Android_ID, IP
address and Android system version), IMSI, software installation list, storage
information, sensor information, WiFi_SSID, installed app information;
Purpose of
obtaining information: to provide advertising and information content;
Official website
link:
https://www.oceanengine.com/legal
Youlianghui
(Guangdiantong) Advertising SDK
Company
information: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd.
Information
acquisition method: A secure method of third-party SDKs through encrypted
transmission and processing
Scope of
information obtained: device serial number, device identification information
(device model, running processes, MAC address, IMEI, OAID, Android_ID, IP
address and Android system version), IMSI, software installation list, storage
information, sensor information, WiFi_SSID, installed app information;
Purpose of
obtaining information: to provide advertising and information content;
Official website
link:
https://privacy.qq.com/
The above
third-party social media or other services are operated by the relevant third
parties.
Your use of such third-party social media services or other
services (including any information you provide to such third parties) is
subject to the third party
’
s own terms of service and
information protection statement (not this policy), and you need to read its
terms carefully. This policy only applies to personal information collected by
us and does not apply to any services provided by any third party or the third
party
’
s information use rules.
If you find that
these third-party social media or other services have risks, it is recommended
that you terminate the relevant operations to protect your legal rights and
interests and contact us in a timely manner.
(VI) Personal
information that is exempted from obtaining consent for provision or disclosure
in accordance with the law
Please understand
that in the following circumstances, in accordance with laws, regulations and
national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization or consent to
provide or disclose your personal information to our partners or third parties
:
(1) It is necessary
for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party, or
for the implementation of human resources management in accordance with labor
rules and regulations formulated in accordance with the law and collective
contracts signed in accordance with the law;
(2) Necessary for
the performance of statutory duties or obligations;
(3) Those directly
related to national security or national defense security;
(4) It is necessary
to respond to public health emergencies or to protect the life, health and
property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(5) Directly
related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of
judgment;
(6) Processing
personal information within a reasonable scope for news reporting, public
opinion supervision, etc. for the public interest;
(7) Personal
information that you disclose to the public on your own initiative;
(8) Collecting
personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news
reports, government information disclosure, etc.;
(9) Other
circumstances prescribed by laws and administrative regulations.
IV. Storage of Information
(I) Storage period
Unless otherwise
provided by laws and regulations, we will keep your information for the
following periods:
1. During your use
of our products or services, we will continue to save the information for you
unless you delete it on your own or cancel your account.
2. When you delete
your personal information or cancel your account, we will promptly take
measures to delete your personal information from the business function system
or anonymize it so that it cannot be retrieved or accessed, except in the
following circumstances:
(1) Comply with the
information retention requirements of laws and regulations (for example, the
Cybersecurity Law requires that network logs be retained for no less than six
months, and the E-Commerce Law requires that product and service information
and transaction information be retained for no less than three years from the
date of completion of the transaction).
(2) Where the time
limit needs to be reasonably extended for financial, auditing, dispute
resolution, etc. purposes.
2. Storage Region
The personal information we
collect and generate during our operations in the People's Republic of China
will be
stored in China
. At present, we will not transfer your personal
information overseas. If we transfer it overseas, we will comply with relevant
national regulations or seek your consent.
(III) Data security
protection measures
We have adopted
reasonable and feasible security measures that meet industry standards to
protect your personal information and prevent unauthorized access, public
disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. For
example, we ensure that a strict data access control mechanism is adopted to
ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. At the
same time, we use encryption technology widely used in the industry to encrypt
and store your personal information, and isolate it through data isolation
technology. We always implement such technical measures and organizational
management methods, and may revise and improve them from time to time to
enhance the overall security of the system.
(IV) Response to
Personal Information Security Incidents
1. If our physical,
technical or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in
unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering or destruction of
information, which damages your legitimate rights and interests, we will
promptly initiate emergency plans and take reasonable and necessary measures to
minimize the impact on you. If your personal information is leaked, illegally
provided or abused, causing damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we
will bear the corresponding responsibilities in strict accordance with the law.
2. If a personal
information security incident occurs, we will also inform you of the basic
situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures
we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on
your own, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of
laws and regulations. We will inform you by SMS, phone, push notification and
other reasonable channels. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will
issue an announcement in a reasonable and effective way. At the same time, we
will also report the disposal of personal information security incidents in
accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.
(V) Special Tips
1. The Internet is
not an absolutely safe environment. It is impossible
to determine whether
email, information release, social software, trading platforms and other
communication methods with other users are completely encrypted. Please pay
attention to protecting the security of your personal information when
interacting with them.
2. Please
understand that due to the rapid development of computer and Internet
technology and the limitation of synchronization speed, various malicious or
non-malicious attack methods may exist or appear.
Although we continue to
strive to improve and strengthen security measures to protect your information
from accidents or damage, we still cannot always guarantee 100% security of
your information.
3. We have no
control over the systems, communication networks, or hardware devices you use
when using products or services.
Please understand and pay attention to
protecting the security of your personal information.
4. Your personal
information will be transformed into usable and circulated data after being
anonymized. We do not need to notify you separately or obtain your consent to
store and process such data.
V. Protection of Minors
1. We attach great
importance to the protection of personal information of minors
Our products and
services are mainly for adults, and we presume that you have the corresponding
civil capacity. If you are a minor, we require you to read this policy together
with your parents or other guardians under their supervision and guidance, and
use our services or provide us with information only with the consent of your
parents or other guardians.
If you are the
parent or other guardian of a minor, please pay attention to whether the minor
uses our services with your authorization and consent.
(II) Remedial
measures
1. If you fail to
obtain the consent of your guardian or you do not agree that your ward can use
our services and provide us with information
,
please stop using our
services immediately and contact us in a timely manner.
2. Upon receiving
your written notice and learning that we have collected personal information of
minors without the prior consent of their guardians, we will immediately stop
collecting and using the relevant information.
VI. Policy Updates
this policy are for
convenience only and do not define, limit, interpret or describe the scope or
limit of the clause in any way. This policy may exist in other multilingual
versions. If there is any conflict between different versions, the Chinese
version shall prevail.
This policy will be revised from time to time
according to the adjustment or update of the business model, and such revisions
shall constitute part of this privacy policy.
Without your
explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy. We
will publish changes to the Privacy Policy on
a dedicated page .
If the changed
terms will reduce your rights or increase your obligations (i.e., a
"material change"), we will also inform you in a more prominent way.
If you continue to use our products or services, it means that you agree to the
revised privacy policy.
VII. How to realize user
rights
If you have any questions,
comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, or if you have any comments
or suggestions on the collection, use, sharing, inquiry, deletion, correction,
copying, withdrawal of consent and other user rights when using our products or
services, or if you encounter any problems when using our products or services,
you can contact our Personal Information Protection Specialist by sending an
email to [colorwallpaper@126.com]. Generally, we will respond within fifteen
working days after receiving your relevant contact information and verifying
your identity.
FIGHT ENERGY GAMES
（
HK
）
LIMITED
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 1
https://privacy.qq.com/:
We're sorry but 腾讯隐私保护平台 doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
产品隐私中心
为更好地让您了解我们对个人信息的处理方式，我们制定了《腾讯隐私政策》、《产品隐私保护指引》、《腾讯SDK隐私政策》、《儿童隐私保护声明》以及《Cookie政策》等一系列隐私政策文件。
腾讯隐私政策
产品隐私保护指引
儿童隐私保护声明
Cookie政策
腾讯SDK隐私透明度信息
接入第三方SDK目录
腾讯隐私政策
引言
我们收集的信息
我们如何使用信息
我们如何使用cookie及相关技术
您分享的信息
您如何管理自己的信息
第三方数据处理及信息的公开披露
我们可能向您发送的信息
存储信息的地点和期限
信息安全
广告
未成年人保护
适用范围
联系我们
变更
隐私政策更新（日期：2021年12月3日）
引言
Introduction
腾讯严格遵守法律法规，遵循以下隐私保护原则，为您提供更加安全、可靠的服务：
Tencent adheres to the following privacy protection principles and is committed to providing you with more secure and reliable service:
·
安全可靠：
1. Security Safeguard and Reliance:
我们竭尽全力通过合理有效的信息安全技术及管理流程，防止您的信息泄露、损毁、丢失。
We try our best to prevent your information from breach, damage or loss via effective and reasonable information security technology and administrative process;
·
自主选择：
2. Choice:
我们为您提供便利的信息管理选项，以便您做出合适的选择，管理您的个人信息。
We provide you convenient privacy management options so that you may make proper choices to control or manage your privacy;
·
保护通信秘密：
3. Protection of Communication Secret:
我们严格遵照法律法规，保护您的通信秘密，为您提供安全的通信服务。
We will strictly protect your communication secrets in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations;
·
合理必要：
4. Reasonableness and Necessity:
为了向您和其他用户提供更好的服务，我们仅收集必要的信息。
We will collect necessary data so that we can provide you and other users with better service in order to achieve products' functions;
·
公开透明：
5. Transparency:
我们努力使用简明易懂的表述，向您介绍隐私政策，以便您清晰地了解我们的信息处理方式。
We endeavor to introduce our privacy policy in an easy and straightforward way and help you better understand our information process practice;
·
将隐私保护融入产品设计：
6. Integrate Privacy PBD Principle with Tencent’s Product Designs:
我们在产品和服务研发、运营的各个环节，融入隐私保护的理念。
We take legal, product, design and other elements into considerations of every aspect of our product and service development, to integrate with Privacy PBD Principle, in order to carry out the methodology of Tencent PBD Privacy Protection.
《腾讯隐私政策》主要向您说明：
This Privacy Policy mainly explains:
我们收集哪些信息
What information we collect.
我们收集信息的用途
How we use that information.
您所享有的权利
Your Rights.
您可以通过阅读《腾讯隐私政策》（以下简称“本隐私政策”），详细了解我们对个人信息的收集、使用方式，以便您更好地了解我们的服务并作出适当的选择。
We hope that you will read this Privacy Policy (this "Privacy Policy") to understand how we collect and use information in order for you to further understand our services and to make appropriate selections.
如果我们具体的产品和服务有具体的隐私保护指引，您可以查阅该特定隐私保护指引，以帮助您更好地保护您的个人信息。
本隐私政策适用的产品和服务由深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司提供。注册地址为深圳市南山区粤海街道麻岭社区科技中一路腾讯大厦35层 。
除另有约定外，本隐私政策所用术语与《
腾讯服务协议
》中的术语具有相同的涵义。
By using Tencent service, you agree to the contents contained in this policy. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this privacy policy shall have the same meanings as those defined in the
Tencent Service Agreement
.
如您有问题，请
联系我们
。
Should you have any queries, please
contact us
.
我们收集的信息
Information We Collect
我们根据法律法规的要求，遵循合法、正当、必要和诚信的原则，仅收集实现产品功能所必要的个人信息。这些信息包括：
Based on the principle of lawfulness, fairness and necessity, we will only collect the following information that is necessary for the purpose of achieving the product's function.
您在使用我们服务时主动提供的信息
Information you provide to us
·
您在注册或使用我们的产品或服务时，主动填写或上传的昵称、手机号码、头像、图片等。
Information you provide to us when registering an account.
·
您通过我们的客服或参加我们举办的活动时所提交的信息。
Information provided by you via our customer service or whilst participating in our activities.
·
我们一些特定的服务可能需要您提供特定的个人信息来实现相关功能。若您选择不提供该类信息，将不会影响您使用产品或服务中的其他功能。
Some of our service may need you to provide your selected sensitive personal information to achieve specific functions. If you choose not to provide such information, you may not be able to use specific functions in the service, but it will not affect the usage of other functions. If you provide your sensitive information for us voluntarily, you agree that we process your Personal Sensitive Information in accordance with the purposes and methods provided in this policy.
我们在您使用服务时获取的信息
Information we may collect when you use our services
·
日志信息
Server Logs.
We may
automatically collect
and store relevant information as the service log when you use our services.
例如，当您使用我们的服务时，为了维护产品与服务的安全稳定运行，我们可能会收集设备信息、软件信息、服务日志信息等相关信息。
·
位置信息
Location data
例如，当您使用与位置有关的服务时，我们可能会记录您设备所在的位置信息，以便为您提供相关服务。
We may collect location data of your device when you use the location-related services, in order to provide relevant service for you.
您或其他用户在使用服务时提供的信息中可能包含您所在地理位置信息，例如您或其他人共享的照片包含的地理标记信息。
GPS位置信息是敏感个人信息，若您拒绝提供该信息，不会影响您使用产品或服务的其他功能，仅会影响与地理位置相关的功能。
·
其他相关信息
Other relevant information
为了帮助您更好地使用我们的产品或服务，经您的明确授权我们可能会收集相关信息，例如，您选择开启导入通讯录功能，我们可能对您联系人的姓名和电话号码进行加密，并仅收集加密后的信息。
For you to better use our product or service, we will collect relevant information, for example, the friends list, group list information, and voice print. Also, if you choose to turn on "import contacts" feature we will encrypt name and phone number of your contacts and collect encrypted information in order to connect you with people you know who also use our service.
其他用户分享的信息中含有您的信息
Your information contained in the information shared by other users.
例如，其他用户发布的照片或分享的视频中可能包含您的信息。
For example, photos or videos published by other users may contain your information.
其他情况获取的信息
Information from other partners.
在法律允许的情况下，经过您的同意，我们可能会获得您在使用第三方合作伙伴服务时所产生或分享的信息。例如，您使用微信或QQ账户登录第三方合作伙伴服务时，我们会获得您登录第三方合作伙伴服务的名称等信息，以方便您进行授权管理。您可以阅读第三方合作伙伴服务的用户协议和隐私政策了解相关内容。
We may have cooperation with third-party partners. Therefore, we may obtain the information that is shared or generated when you use a third-party service. For example, when you log in a third-party service with your WeChat or QQ account, we will know the name of such service and your log-in time so that it will be convenient for you to manage the authorization. Please read the third-party service user agreement or privacy policy carefully.
我们如何使用信息
How We Use the Information We Collect
我们严格遵守法律法规的规定及与用户的约定，将收集的信息用于以下用途。若我们超出以下用途使用您的信息，我们将再次向您进行说明，并征得您的同意。
Subject to applicable laws and regulations or agreements with users, we may use the collected information in the following ways. If we use your information for purposes beyond the following purposes, we will explain to you again and ask for consent.
向您提供服务
To provide you with our services.
满足您的个性化需求
To meet your personal needs.
例如，语言设定、位置设定、个性化的帮助服务。
For example, language settings, location settings and other personalized services.
安全保障
To ensure security.
例如，我们会将您的信息用于身份验证、安全防范、反诈骗监测、存档备份、客户的安全服务等用途。例如，您下载或安装的安全软件会对恶意程序或病毒进行检测，或为您识别诈骗信息。
For example, we will use your information for identity authentication, safety precautions, anti-fraud monitoring, storage and backup, customer safety service and other applications. For example, the safety software downloaded or installed by you will detect malicious programs or viruses, or identify fraudulent information.
向您推荐您可能感兴趣的广告、资讯等
To recommend ads, news etc. that you may be interested in to you.
评估、改善我们的广告投放和其他促销及推广活动的效果
To evaluate and improve the effect of ads and other promotions in our services.
管理软件
To manage software.
例如，进行软件认证、软件升级等。
For example, software certification and software updates, etc.
邀请您参与有关我们服务的调查
To include your participation in survey activities about our product and services.
为了让您有更好的体验、改善我们的服务或经您同意的其他用途，在符合相关法律法规的前提下，我们可能将通过某些服务所收集的信息用于我们的其他服务。例如，将您在使用我们某项服务时的信息，用于个性化的服务体验、用户研究分析与统计等服务。
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, in order to provide you with a better user experience and to improve our services, or upon your consent, we may apply the information collected from certain services to other services provided by us. For instance, we may use your information collected or generated when you use our certain services to show you personalized content or advertisement and for user analysis and statistic service.
为了确保服务的安全，帮助我们更好地了解我们应用程序的运行情况，我们可能记录相关信息，例如，您使用应用程序的频率、故障信息、总体使用情况、性能数据以及应用程序的来源。我们不会将我们存储在分析软件中的信息与您在应用程序中提供的个人身份信息相结合。
To ensure the security of our services, and to help us further understand the state of performance of our applications, we may record relevant information, for example, the frequency of your usage, crash logs information, overall usage, performance data and source of application. We do not link the information we store within the mobile analytics software to personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.
随着业务的发展，我们提供的产品功能和服务可能会有所调整和变化，若处理目的因此发生变更，我们将再次向您进行说明，并征得您的同意。
我们如何使用Cookie、标识符及相关技术
How We Use Cookies and Relevant Technologies
Cookie
、
标识符
及相关技术是互联网行业普遍使用的技术。按照法律法规的相关规定，我们或我们的第三方合作伙伴，可能通过放置安全的Cookie、标识符及相关技术收集您的信息，以便为您提供更好的用户体验和服务。我们会严格要求第三方合作伙伴遵守本隐私政策的相关规定。
We and our third party partners may collect your information via safely inserted
Cookie and relevant technologies
, for the purposes for providing you with more personalized user experience and service. We will strictly require such third party partners to observe relevant requirements of this policy.
若您希望了解更多Cookie的安全性等信息，可参见《
Cookie政策说明
》。
You may set or mange Cookie via your browser settings. But please be noted that you may not enjoy the best service experience and certain service may not be used if you stop using Cookie. If you hope to learn more information about the security of Cookie, you may refer to the
Cookie Policy Statement
.
您分享的信息
Information You Share
您可以通过我们的服务与您的好友、家人及其他用户分享您的相关信息。
Our services may allow you to share your relevant information with your friends and family and other users. For example, you can share texts and pictures publicly in your "WeChat Moments".
请注意，这其中可能包含您的个人身份信息、个人财产信息等敏感信息。请您谨慎考虑披露您的相关个人敏感信息。
Please be noted that such information may contain sensitive information including your personal identity information and personal property information. Please prudently consider disclosure of your relevant personal sensitive information.
您可通过我们服务中的隐私设置来控制您分享信息的范围，也可通过服务中的设置或我们提供的指引删除您公开分享的信息。但请您注意，这些信息仍可能由其他用户或不受我们控制的非关联第三方独立地保存。
You may control the scope of information shared by you and you may also delete the information publicly shared using the service setting or according to our guidance. Please note such information may still have been retained independently by other users or unrelated third parties which we are not able to control.
您如何管理自己的信息
How to Manage Your Own Information
您在使用我们服务的过程中， 可以通过查阅、复制、更正、补充、删除等方式来管理您的信息。当您使用我们的具体产品和服务时，您可以查阅其独立的隐私保护指引，我们在这些指引中具体描述了您管理自己的个人信息的途径和方式，以帮助您更好的保护您的个人信息。
You may access, amend and delete information provided by you during the registration of your account or other personal information when using our services, or contact us via the notice guidelines. The scope and the way in which you access, amend or delete your personal information depend on the service you use.
例如，若您在使用地理位置相关服务时，希望停止分享您的地理位置信息，您可通过手机定位关闭功能、软硬件服务商及通讯服务提供商的关闭方式停止分享，建议您仔细阅读相关指引。
For example, when using geographical related service, to stop sharing your geographical information, you can stop it by turning off cellphone positioning function, or according to methods provided by software and hardware service providers and communication service providers. Please read relevant guidance carefully.
在您行使上述权利时，我们可能会要求您进行身份验证，以保障账号的安全。如果您有任何问题，请通过本隐私政策列明的联系方式
与我们联系
。
We will collect and use your information only for achieving the functions of our products or services in accordance with this policy.
请您理解，由于技术所限、法律或监管要求，我们可能无法满足您的所有要求，我们会在法律法规规定的期限内进行反馈。同时我们将不断优化产品和服务来保障您的权利。
Please understand that due to technical limitations, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to meet all your requests. We endeavor to respond to your requests within a reasonable period of time.
第三方数据处理及信息的公开披露
Information We Share
我们与第三方合作过程中，将遵守法律规定，按照最小必要原则，安全审慎地处理相关数据。
We may share your personal information with a third party other than our data processors with your prior consent;
我们将按照法律法规的规定，对数据处理涉及的第三方进行严格的限制。要求其严格遵守我们关于数据隐私保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、承诺书及相关数据处理政策进行处理，保障数据安全。
Should we share your personal information with third parties mentioned above, we will use encryption, anonymization or other means to protect your information security.
出于为您提供服务的目的，我们可能委托第三方服务商处理您的个人信息，该等服务商将严格按照我们委托的目的和相关委托处理协议处理个人信息。
我们将严格保护您的个人信息，不会主动公开披露您的个人信息，亦不会主动向合作伙伴分享可用于识别您个人身份的信息，除非经您单独同意或法律法规另有规定，例如：
For the purpose of external processing, we may share your personal information with third-party business partners (third-party service providers, contractors, agents, advertising partners, application developers etc., for example, the telecommunication service providers who send out emails and push notifications on our behalf, or the map service providers who provide us with location service) (they may not be located in your jurisdiction), and require them to follow our instructions, the Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures to process the above information for us and for the purposes of:
·
为订立、履行个人作为一方当事人的合同所必需，或者按照法律制定的劳动规章制度和依法签订的集体合同实施人力资源管理所必需；
Providing you with our services;
·
为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需；
Implementing the purpose of the section "How We Use the Information We Collect";
·
为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护自然人的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
Performing our obligations and excising our rights as provided in the
Tencent Service Agreement
and this Privacy Policy;
·
为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
Understanding, maintaining and improving our services.
·
依照法律规定在合理的范围内处理个人自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
·
法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。
随着我们业务的持续发展，当发生合并、收购、资产转让等交易导致向第三方转移您的个人信息时，我们将通过推送通知、公告等形式告知您相关情形，按照法律法规及不低于本隐私政策所要求的标准继续保护或要求新的管理者继续保护您的个人信息。
With the development of our business, when mergers, acquisitions, asset transfer or other transactions happens, we will inform you of such circumstances by pushing notifications or notices, and continue to protect or require new controllers to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and the standard of protection which will not be lower than that under this Privacy Policy.
我们可能向您发送的信息
Information We May Send to You
信息通知
Push notifications
您在使用我们的服务时，我们可能向您发送电子邮件、短信、资讯或推送通知。
您可以按照我们的相关提示，在设备上选择取消订阅。如特定的产品和服务存在个性化推送的信息，请您查阅该产品和服务具体的隐私保护指引获取更能多的信息、或关闭个性化推荐。
When you use our services, we may send emails, text messages, news or push notifications to you.
You may follow the relevant notice to unsubscribe on the device.
与服务有关的公告
Service announcements
我们可能在必要时（例如，因系统维护而暂停某一项服务时）向您发出与服务有关的公告。
您可能无法取消这些与服务有关、性质不属于广告的公告。
We may send you announcements related to service if necessary (for example, the suspension of certain service due to system maintenance).
You may not be able to cancel these non-promotional service-related announcements.
存储信息的地点和期限
Place and Period of Information Retention
存储信息的地点
Where we store information
我们遵守法律法规的规定，将在中华人民共和国境内收集和产生的个人信息存储在境内。
We will store users personal information collected within mainland China within the territory in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
存储信息的期限
Period of information retention
一般而言，我们仅在为实现目的所必需的最短时间内保留您的个人信息，但下列情况除外：
In general, we will retain your personal information in the shortest possible time to fulfill the purpose of collection of such information. However, for the following purposes, we may change the retention period for the purposes of compliance:
·
为遵守适用的法律法规等有关规定；
To comply with the relevant laws and regulations;
·
为遵守法院判决、裁定或其他法律程序的规定；
To comply with court decisions, rulings or requirements of other legal procedures;
·
为遵守相关政府机关执法的要求；
To comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies or other legally authoritative entities;
当我们的产品或服务发生停止运营的情形时，我们将采取例如，推送通知、公告等形式通知您，并在合理的期限内删除或匿名化处理您的个人信息。
Should the operation of our products or service terminate, we will inform you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete or anonymize your personal information within a reasonable period of time.
信息安全
Information Security
我们为您的信息提供相应的安全保障，以防止信息的丢失、不当使用、未经授权访问或披露。
We take security measures to protect your information against loss, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure.
我们严格遵守法律法规保护用户的通信秘密。
We will strictly protect users communication in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
我们将在合理的安全水平内使用各种安全保护措施以保障信息的安全。
We will work within the reasonable security standards and use a variety of security measures to protect the security of information.
例如，我们使用加密技术、匿名化处理等手段来保护您的个人信息。
For example, we will use encryption technologies (such as TLS,
SSL
), anonymization and other means to protect your personal information.
我们建立专门的管理制度、流程和组织确保信息安全。
We have established a specialized management, process and organization system to ensure information security.
例如，我们严格限制访问信息的人员范围，要求他们遵守保密义务，并进行审查。
For example, we strictly restrict the scope of personnel who can access information, and require them to comply with their confidentiality obligations and conduct audits.
若发生个人信息泄露等安全事件，我们会启动应急预案，阻止安全事件扩大，并以推送通知、公告等形式告知您。
In the event of a breach of security incident of personal information, we will activate emergency response plan to prevent the expansion of such security incident and inform you in the form of push notifications, public announcements and etc.
广告
Advertisements
为了提供更丰富的广告体验，我们可能向您提供个性化广告服务，您在腾讯及合作第三方的网站、应用及其他渠道中可以接收到相关广告内容。您可以查阅具体产品的隐私保护指引了解更多。如您不希望接收个性化广告，也可以根据具体产品中的指引进行关闭。
未成年人保护
Protection of Minors
我们非常重视对未成年人个人信息的保护。
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors.
根据相关法律法规的规定，若您是18周岁以下的未成年人，在使用腾讯的服务前，应事先取得您的家长或法定监护人的同意。
In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, if you are a minor under 18 years old, you would be required to obtain you parents' or legal guardian's consent prior to using Tencent service.
我们有专门面向14周岁以下的儿童提供的产品或服务、产品或服务中包含专门面向儿童的功能板块，或者需要用户输入生日、年龄信息等能识别用户年龄的产品或服务。
根据相关法律法规的规定，若您是14周岁以下的儿童，在使用相关的产品或服务前，应当按照注册、使用流程，事先取得您的家长或法定监护人的同意，并由您的家长或法定监护人帮助您完成产品或服务注册流程，以便您能使用我们提供的产品或服务。
若您是儿童的监护人，当您在帮助儿童完成产品或服务的注册、使用前，应当仔细阅读本政策、产品具体的隐私保护指引（如有）和《
儿童隐私保护声明
》，决定是否同意本政策、产品具体的隐私保护指引（如有）和《
儿童隐私保护声明
》并帮助儿童进行注册、使用，以便儿童能使用我们提供的产品或服务。
如您对您所监护的儿童的个人信息保护有相关疑问或权利请求时，请通过《
儿童隐私保护声明
》中的第七部分中披露的联系方式与我们联系。我们会在合理的时间内处理并回复您。
适用范围
Application Scope
本隐私政策适用的产品和服务由深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司提供。
All of our services are subject to this Privacy Policy.
某些服务有其特定的隐私指引/声明，该特定隐私指引/声明更具体地说明我们在该服务中如何处理您的信息。
However, some services have their own specific privacy guidance/statement, such specific privacy guidance/statement describe how we process your information in the service more specifically.
如本政策与特定服务的隐私指引/声明有不一致之处，请以该特定隐私指引声明为准。
If this Privacy Policy is inconsistent with the privacy guidance/statement of a particular service, the privacy policy of that particular service shall prevail.
请您注意，本政策不适用由其他公司或个人提供的服务。
Please note this Privacy Policy is not applicable to services provided by other companies or individuals.
例如，您通过使用微信账号登录其他公司或个人提供的服务。
For example, you may log in services provided by other companies or individuals with WeChat account.
您使用该等第三方服务须受其隐私政策（而非本政策）约束，您需要仔细阅读其政策内容。
Your use of such third-party services is subject to the terms and privacy policy of such third-party services (rather than this Privacy Policy), and you need to read their privacy practice carefully.
联系我们
Contact Us
我们设立了专门的个人信息保护团队和个人信息保护负责人，如果您对本隐私政策或个人信息保护相关事宜有任何疑问或投诉、建议时，您可以通过以下方式与我们联系：
1. 您可以填写
个人信息保护和隐私问题反馈问卷
与我们联系；
2. 将问题发送至Dataprivacy@tencent.com；
3. 通过
https://kf.qq.com/
与我们联系；
4. 将您的问题邮寄至下列地址：
中国广东省深圳市南山区海天二路33号腾讯滨海大厦 数据合规与隐私保护部（收）
邮编：518054
我们将尽快审核所涉问题，并在15个工作日或法律法规规定的期限内予以反馈。
We will review your queries and reply within 15 days after verifying your user identity.
变更
Changes to Privacy Policy
我们可能适时修订本隐私政策内容。
We may update and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time,
如该等变更会导致您在本隐私政策项下权利的实质减损，我们将在变更生效前，通过在页面显著位置提示。特定产品和服务的隐私保护指引有关个人信息的处理目的、处理方式和处理的个人信息种类发生变更的，会重新取得您的同意。
and if such changes result in a substantial impairment of your rights under this Privacy policy, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail and by reminding you at prominent place on the webpage before the changes take effect.
产品隐私保护指引
儿童隐私保护声明
· 儿童隐私保护声明
· 我们收集哪些信息
· 我们如何使用这些信息
· 管理披露儿童个人信息的情形
· 存储儿童个人信息
· 更正、删除儿童个人信息
· 本声明的适用
· 联系我们
儿童隐私保护声明
更新日期：2022年9月29日
生效日期：2022年9月29日
更新提示：
本版本依据《个人信息保护法》、《未成年人保护法》等相关法律法规更新相关内容，主要修改集中在 “我们收集哪些信息” 、“管理儿童信息”等章节，更清晰、明确地向您告知我们收集儿童个人信息的场景、目的、方式和范围，帮助您更好地管理儿童的个人信息。
腾讯致力于保护使用我们产品和服务的儿童的个人信息，本声明中“儿童”，是指不满14周岁的未成年人。《儿童隐私保护声明》（以下简称“本声明”）和《
腾讯隐私政策
》旨在向监护人（以下简称“您”）和儿童说明我们如何收集、使用、存储和处理儿童的个人信息，以及我们为您与儿童提供的访问、更正、删除和保护这些信息的方式。除另有约定外，本声明所用术语和缩略词与《
腾讯服务协议
》、《
腾讯隐私政策
》中的术语和缩略词具有相同的涵义。
儿童监护人特别说明：
如果您是儿童的监护人（父母或其他监护人），请您仔细阅读和选择是否同意本声明。我们希望您与我们共同保护儿童的个人信息，教育引导儿童增强个人信息保护意识和能力。
儿童特别说明：
如果您是儿童，您需要和您的监护人（父母或其他监护人）共同仔细阅读本声明，并在征得监护人同意后，使用我们的产品、服务或向我们提供信息。
请监护人和儿童在仔细阅读并充分理解《
腾讯隐私政策
》、具体产品的隐私保护指引和本声明后，由监护人选择是否同意相关隐私政策以及是否同意儿童使用我们的产品和服务。如果监护人不同意相关隐私政策和本声明的内容或不同意提供服务所必要的信息，将可能导致我们的产品和服务无法正常运行，或者无法达到我们拟达到的服务效果，监护人和儿童可能无法正常使用我们的产品、服务或相关的具体业务功能。
监护人点击“同意”即表示监护人同意我们按照《
腾讯隐私政策
》、具体产品的隐私保护指引和本声明的约定收集、使用和处理监护人和儿童的信息。
请您理解，我们提供的产品和服务中可能包括第三方提供的产品和服务，您也可能通过我们产品（如QQ或微信）登录和使用第三方产品和服务。请您注意，该第三方可能收集、使用或处理儿童的相关信息，需要该第三方另行获得监护人的同意。我们建议监护人向儿童告知，在向第三方授权处理其个人信息之前需征得监护人的同意。
我们提醒您，仔细阅读本声明并确认了解我们对儿童个人信息的处理规则，特别是采用粗体字进行标注提示的部分。
如您在阅读本声明过程中有任何疑问或权利请求等个人信息相关事宜的，我们为您提供了专门的反馈渠道，具体参见本声明“
联系我们
”章节，我们会尽快为您作出解答。
我们收集哪些信息
腾讯严格遵守法律法规的规定及与用户的约定，根据用户选择产品和服务的具体情况，收集监护人和儿童的以下个人信息。
当我们根据法律法规及行业管理要求，需要为儿童用户配置保护措施时，我们可能会提示您提供监护人的手机号码、电子邮箱或者通过“扫码验证”等方式，与我们建立联系。在某些涉及支付的产品和服务中，我们可能会要求监护人填写和绑定监护人的银行卡相关信息，以便监护人知悉和管理儿童的支付行为。
在儿童使用产品和服务过程中，我们会要求您提供相关必要的信息，具体请查阅《
腾讯隐私政策
》“我们收集的信息”一节。
如果我们需要收集监护人或儿童的其他个人信息，我们将再次告知监护人和儿童，并征得监护人的同意。
监护人可以选择是否填写或向我们提供特定的信息。请您理解，监护人如果不填写或不提供某些特定的信息，可能会导致我们的产品和服务无法正常运行，或者无法实现我们拟提供的服务效果，监护人和儿童可能无法正常使用我们的产品、服务或相关的具体业务功能。
我们如何使用这些信息
我们严格遵守法律法规的规定及与用户的约定，将收集的监护人和儿童的信息用于以下用途：
验证儿童和监护人身份
提供必要的产品和服务、产品和服务的具体功能
用于优化产品和服务、安全保障
如果我们需要超出上述用途使用监护人或儿童的个人信息，我们将再次告知监护人和儿童，并征得监护人的同意。
管理、披露儿童个人信息
我们遵照法律法规的规定，严格管理儿童的个人信息。
我们仅在监护人事先同意并采取符合《个人信息保护法》等法律法规要求的相关合规措施的情况下，才可能与监护人共享儿童的个人信息:
例如，我们会将部分儿童个人信息（如儿童用户名、账号，以及该儿童在我们某些产品和服务中的支付记录等）与监护人进行共享，监护人可以访问和管理相关个人信息。
发生合并、收购、资产转让等
随着我们业务的持续发展，当发生合并、收购、资产转让等交易导致向第三方共享或转移监护人和儿童的个人信息时，我们将通过推送通知、公告等形式告知监护人和儿童相关情形，按照法律法规及不低于本声明所要求的标准继续保护或要求新的管理者继续保护监护人和儿童的个人信息。
一般情况下，我们禁止披露儿童个人信息，但我们可能基于以下目的使用儿童的个人信息：
·
遵守适用的法律法规等有关规定；
regulations;
·
遵守法院判决、裁定或其他法律程序的规定；
regulations;
·
遵守相关政府机关或其他法定授权组织的要求；
regulations;
·
我们有理由确信需要遵守法律法规等有关规定；
regulations;
·
为执行相关服务协议或本声明、维护社会公共利益，为保护我们的客户、我们或我们的关联公司、其他用户或雇员的人身财产安全或其他合法权益合理且必要的用途。
regulations;
存储儿童个人信息
腾讯会采取加密等技术措施存储儿童个人信息，确保信息安全。腾讯存储儿童个人信息，不会超过实现其收集、使用目的所必需的期限。请查阅《
腾讯隐私政策
》“存储信息的地点和期限”、“信息安全”章节，详细了解我们如何存储和保护儿童个人信息。
当我们的产品和服务发生停止运营的情形或监护人和儿童的个人信息存储期限届满时，我们将采取例如，推送通知、公告等形式通知监护人和儿童，并在合理的期限内删除或匿名化处理监护人和儿童的个人信息。
更正、删除儿童个人信息
在儿童用户使用腾讯产品和服务期间，为了监护人和儿童可以更加便捷地访问、更正、删除相关个人信息，我们在产品设计中为监护人提供了相应的操作设置，监护人也可以通过我们提供的
联系方式
，来反馈和咨询相关信息。我们会在核实监护人反馈的问题后及时与监护人联系。请监护人理解，在核实过程中，我们可能需要监护人提供儿童账号、儿童身份信息、联系方式等个人信息，以便在完成身份验证和核实问题后继续响应监护人的需求。
访问儿童个人信息
监护人和儿童可以查看儿童在使用我们产品和服务中提供或产生的个人信息，包括但不限于用户名、密码、头像、昵称、性别、主动发布的内容等。
更正儿童个人信息
当监护人和儿童发现我们收集、使用和处理的儿童个人信息有错误时，可以联系我们进行更正。我们会在完成身份验证和核实问题后，及时采取措施予以更正。
删除儿童个人信息
如存在以下情况，监护人和儿童可以联系我们删除收集、使用和处理的儿童个人信息。我们会在完成身份验证和核实问题后，及时采取措施予以删除：
·
若我们违反法律、行政法规的规定或者双方的约定收集、存储、使用、转移、披露儿童个人信息；
regulations;
·
若我们超出目的范围或者必要期限收集、存储、使用、转移、披露儿童个人信息；
regulations;
·
若监护人撤回同意；
regulations;
·
若监护人或儿童通过注销等方式终止使用产品或者服务的。
regulations;
但请注意，若监护人和儿童要求我们删除特定儿童个人信息，可能导致该儿童用户无法继续使用我们的产品和服务或产品和服务中的某些具体业务功能。 如监护人发现在未事先征得监护人同意的情况下收集了儿童的个人信息，请及时
联系我们
，我们会采取措施尽快删除相关数据。
本声明的适用
请您理解，如本声明未规定之处，参照适用《
腾讯隐私政策
》或具体产品的隐私保护指引。
在适用本声明的情况下，如本声明与《
腾讯隐私政策
》和具体产品的隐私保护指引的条款规定存在不一致的，以本声明为准。
联系我们
Contact Us
如您对本声明有任何疑问和反馈，请通过
https://kf.qq.com/
与我们联系；
您也可按照我们提供的
个人信息咨询指引
，填写相关资料，将您的问题发送至dataprivacy-kids@tencent.com
或寄到如下地址：
·
地址：中国广东省深圳市南山区海天二路腾讯滨海大厦
regulations;
·
数据合规与隐私保护部（收）
regulations;
·
邮编：518057
regulations;
我们将尽快审核所涉问题，并在接到投诉后的十五日内予以回复。
We will review your queries and reply within 15 days after verifying your user identity.
Cookie政策
什么是Cookie
腾讯使用Cookie的目的
如何管理Cookie
Cookie政策说明
什么是Cookie
Cookie 是一种可让网站服务器将数据存储于客户端或从客户端中读取数据的中立技术。
Cookie 文件是存储了一些与用户访问网站有关信息的文件，格式为.txt。
Cookie 内容通常均经过加密。
安全的Cookie技术会为用户在上网时提供更为便捷的服务。
Cookie政策说明
腾讯使用Cookie的目的
Cookie 对提升用户的网络使用体验十分重要，腾讯使用Cookie一般出于以下目的：
身份验证
Cookie可在您接入我们的服务时通知我们，以使我们可验证您的身份信息，以确保您的账号安全。
例如，Cookie技术可在您登入腾讯服务时通知我们，因此，我们能够在您访问所有腾讯服务的站点时，识别是否您本人安全登录，向您显示与您相关的信息。
偏好设置
Cookie可帮助我们按照您所希望的服务样式、外观的个性化设置为您提供服务。
例如， Cookie技术可记录您是否已经阅读过一些提示性的展现，防止重复提示对您造成骚扰；一些阅读展现(如字体大小等)方面您本人偏好的设定，我们也会存放于Cookie中，在您访问时自动为您调整到您上次设定的值。
安全
Cookie可帮助我们保障数据和服务的安全性，排查针对我们的产品和服务的作弊、黑客、欺诈行为。
例如，Cookie可以存放票据信息，能够由服务器验证是否是您自主在本站点的正常登录，通过票据中的加密信息，阻止多种类型的攻击，防止跨站信息窃取访问，防止身份冒充访问。
功能与服务
Cookie可帮助我们为用户提供更好的产品和服务。
例如，Cookie可以在您进行登录时，通过存储的信息，帮您填入您最后一次登入的账户名称，提高您的操作效率。
效率
Cookie可以避免不必要的服务器负载，提高服务效率，节省资源、能源。
例如，Cookie可帮助我们优化在服务器之间路由流量，并且了解不同用户加载我们服务时的速度，有时，我们或会利用Cookie让您正在使用时加载及响应得更快。
分析与研究
我们使用这些Cookie来了解、改善我们的产品和服务，为新产品或功能的研发提供参考数据。
例如，我们会使用Cookie来了解您使用我们服务的方式，以求改善用户体验。
例如您在接入我们服务时，在各个步骤所耗费的时间，我们会收集此信息用以分析研究能够进一步优化和改善的方面。
广告优化
Cookie可提高广告对用户的吸引力并提升广告服务对广告主、发布商的价值。
例如，Cookie可以帮助我们在腾讯网站或软件中向您显示您可能感兴趣的广告。
我们也可使用Cookie来知道曾在腾讯的站点看见广告的人，之后是否浏览该广告商的网站。
同样地，我们的合作伙伴可能会运用Cookie来确定我们是否已显示广告、了解广告的表现，或向我们提供他们与您之间的互动信息。
Cookie政策说明
如何管理Cookie
大多数浏览器均为用户提供了管理Cookie 的功能。
当用户在进行浏览器的Cookie设置时，可以允许自己信任的网站启用 Cookie功能，禁止其他网站使用Cookie功能。
例如，您可在QQ浏览器设置中进行Cookie的管理。
同时，您还可以开启“禁止跟踪（DNT）”功能。
腾讯产品接入第三方SDK目录
（持续更新中）