Cali Press Privacy & Security
The importance of privacy
Cali Press respects the importance of protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how Cali Press collects and manages your personal information.
By providing Cali Press with any personal information, you agree to this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection and use of personal information by Cali Press in accordance it.
What is your personal information?
When used in this Privacy Policy, the term “personal information” has the meaning given to it in the Act. In general terms, it is any information that can be used to personally identify you. This may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, location, profession or occupation, details of previous orders, credit or debit card details, social media handles, and your IP address. If the information Cali Press collects personally identifies you (meaning we know who you are), or you are reasonably identifiable from it (meaning we can work out who you are from other information we have about you), the information will be considered personal information.
Why does Cali Press collect, hold, use and disclose personal information?
Cali Press collects, holds, uses and discloses personal information for a number of other purposes, including:
to assist in providing goods and services to you;
to assist in responding to any requests you make to us;
to communicate promotional offers and special events;
to process orders submitted via Cali Press’s online ordering service and process payments for those orders;
to assess the performance and to improve the operation of the Cali Press Website or Cali Press App;
for the internal administrative, marketing (including direct or targeted marketing), planning, product development, quality control and research purposes of Cali Press;
to administer any agreement and provide the services thereunder;
to administer any programs which Cali Press may decide to implement, including the Membership Program;
to administer any promotions or offers;
to process and respond to any complaint made by you;
to comply with any law, rule, regulation, lawful and binding determination, decision or direction of a regulator, or in co-operation with any governmental authority of any country; and
for any other purpose made known to you at the time of collection of your personal information.
Cali Press may disclose the information collected to agents and employees of Cali Press.
At any time, you may opt out of receiving any communications from Cali Press (other than as required for the operation of Cali Press’s business, e.g. regarding payment of your account).
Your personal information will not be shared, sold, rented or disclosed other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
What personal information about you does Cali Press collect or hold?
The type of personal information we collect depends on how we engage with you. Cali Press may collect or hold information received as a result of any dealing, transaction or interaction with you, including:
your contact details, such as name, age or date of birth, address, phone numbers, social media identifiers and email address;
your username and password for your online account;
CCTV or other surveillance device images of you when you visit a Cali Press restaurant;
your credit card or other payment/financial information;
information about your Internet Protocol (
IP
) address, your location and websites visited;
information about the products you view or purchase on the Cali Press Website or Cali Press App;
details of any products you have enquired about;
information you provide to Cali Press directly through the Cali Press Website or instore, or indirectly through your use of the Cali Press Website or Cali Press App;
information you provide to Cali Press through competitions or other promotional activities;
other information you may make publicly available online (including but not limited to information on social media platforms); and/or
other information that you may provide to Cali Press from time to time or that Cali Press may collect when providing goods and services to you.
Any data related to the transaction(s) of Cali Press products or services including, last shopped restaurant, purchase history.
If you are an applicant for employment, Cali Press may collect or hold information relevant to such employment, including:
your contact details, including name, age or birth date, address, phone numbers and email address; and
employment history and other information you submit to us as part of your application for employment (which includes any information contained in any resume you provide to us).
Cali Press may also collect some information that is not personal information because it does not identify you or anyone else. For example, Cali Press may collect anonymous answers to surveys or aggregated information about how users use the Cali Press Website and/or the Cali Press App.
You must not provide Cali Press with personal information of another person, other than with Cali Press’s express permission. If at any time you provide the personal information of another person to Cali Press then you must ensure that that person has read and understood this Privacy Policy and separately consents to that personal information being used and disclosed by us for the above purposes.
How does Cali Press collect your personal information?
Cali Press collects your personal information directly from you unless it is unreasonable or impracticable to do so. Cali Press collects information directly from you when you:
use the Cali Press Website or Cali Press App or purchase products or services from Cali Press;
join the Cali Press Membership Program or create a Cali Press account;
provide feedback, enter a competition or through other promotional activities
communicate with Cali Press for any reason;
otherwise supply personal information to Cali Press.
Cali Press may also collect personal information about you from third parties who provide services to Cali Press or on behalf of Cali Press.
Cali Press does not accept or knowingly collect or process personal information of customers under the age of 18 without the consent of a parent or guardian.
Cookies and other passive information
‘Cookies’ are small text files transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable Cali Press systems to recognise visitors and remember their activity. Like many websites, Cali Press may also collect personal information through the use of cookies. Cookies provide Cali Press with information about customer behaviour such as the date and time of your visit, the pages you view, the products you purchase and promotions you have participated in.
Use of cookies
The types of cookies Cali Press uses includes statistical, session, persistent and advertising cookies. The purpose for which Cali Press uses cookies is to measure traffic patterns, to determine which areas of the Cali Press Website or the Cali Press App have been visited and to measure transaction patterns in the aggregate. Cali Press uses cookies to research Cali Press users’ habits so that Cali Press can improve its online products, services, and to enhance the user experience.
Cali Press may log IP addresses (that is, the electronic addresses of devices connected to the internet) to analyse trends, administer the Cali Press Website and Cali Press App, track users movements and gather broad demographic information.
To the extent that you are using any of Cali Press’s location-based services or functionality on the Cali Press Website and/or Cali Press App, then your location data including the location of your device upon using such location-based services will be handled in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Withdrawing consent to use of cookies
Your web browser may offer settings to disable and/or delete all cookies used on the Cali Press Website and the Cali Press App. If you do disable cookies, the Cali Press Website or Cali Press App may not operate as expected and you may not be able to access certain functions and deleting cookies may result in previous preferences expressed using this browser, such as your account log-in, being forgotten.
Cali Press may use Google analytics to track your use of the Cali Press Website. Google Analytics is a website analytics service provided by Google, Inc that places cookies on your computer’s browser. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the Cali Press Website is transmitted to Google. This information is then used for the purpose of compiling statistical reports enabling Cali Press to analyse the number of visits to the Cali Press Website, the average time spent on the Cali Press Website and the pages viewed. You can configure your browser to disable Google Analytics.
Who can Cali Press disclose your personal information to?
On occasion we may disclose your personal information to:
Cali Press employees, company officers, related bodies corporate.
Third party service providers and/or contractors, including but not limited to:
payment or other service providers;
manufacturers or distributors of Cali Press products;
promotional partners;
website providers;
professional advisers;
law enforcement agencies or regulatory bodies; and
any other person or organisation we tell you about.
Cali Press may also have arrangements with third party organisations for the promotion and marketing of Cali Press products on their websites. When you access the Cali Press Website or through one of these third party websites and purchase products from us, Cali Press may disclose your personal information to these third parties in order to comply with any contractual obligations Cali Press may have.
Cali Press may also share non-personal, de-identified and aggregated information for research or promotional purposes in connection with providing requested information or services to you, or for the purpose of improving Cali Press products and services.
Cali Press will not sell your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. Unless otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy, Cali Press will not disclose any of your personal information to any other organisation unless the disclosure is required by law, is otherwise permitted by the Privacy Act, or is with your consent.
Direct marketing communications
Keeping you in the loop means you get access to the juiciest deals and the best guilt-free offers. To do this, Cali Press may send you direct marketing communications and information about us and our products and services that may be of interest to you. These communications may be sent in various forms, including mail, SMS and email, in accordance with applicable marketing laws, such as the
Spam Act 2003
(Cth). You consent to us sending you those direct marketing communications by any of these methods.
You may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by contacting us using the contact information in clause 15 of this Privacy Policy or by using the unsubscribe button found in the emails you receive from us.
Cali Press does not provide your personal information to other organisations for the purposes of their own direct marketing activities.
Anonymity
Generally, you can deal with Cali Press anonymously. However, in certain circumstances, if you choose to remain anonymous Cali Press may not be able to provide you with certain products or services, which, we are sure you agree, would be a real shame.
How can you access, update or correct your personal information?
You may request access to personal information Cali Press holds about you in writing to the Cali Press Privacy Officer whose details are set out below. Cali Press may require you to provide proof of your identity before providing such information.
There may be instances where Cali Press cannot grant you access to the personal information it holds. For example, Cali Press may need to refuse access if granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or if it would result in a breach of confidentiality. If that happens, Cali Press will give you written reasons for any results.
If you believe that personal information Cali Press holds about you is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, then you may request that Cali Press amends it. Cali Press will consider if the information requires amendment. If Cali Press does not agree that there are grounds for amendment, then Cali Press will add a note to the personal information stating that you disagree with it.
Security
Cali Press takes reasonable steps to ensure the personal information Cali Press holds about you is protected from misuse, interference and loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Cali Press may hold your information in either electronic or hard copy form. Cali Press will hold your personal information only for as long as required for Cali Press’s business purposes and otherwise as required by law. Where Cali Press no longer needs to keep your personal information for a permitted purpose, Cali Press will take reasonable steps to destroy your personal information or to ensure that the information is de-identified.
As the Cali Press Website and Cali Press App are linked to the internet, and the internet is inherently insecure, Cali Press cannot provide any assurance regarding the security of transmission of information you communicate to Cali Press online. Cali Press also cannot guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the internet. Accordingly, any personal information or other information which you transmit to Cali Press online is transmitted at your own risk.
Third party payment providers
Orders submitted through Cali Press’s online ordering service must be paid for by credit card, debit card or other payment methods via the payment facility provided. This secure payment facility is provided by a third party payment gateway provider. Cali Press does not store your full credit card or debit card details. You can save your preferred payment method through your online ordering account, but Cali Press’s third party provider will store these details for future retrieval. You consent to Cali Press sharing your personal information to any third party payment provider Cali Press engages from time to time.
Contacting Cali Press
We are here to help. If you have a privacy enquiry or concern, please contact us in writing. Cali Press will endeavour to respond to your enquiry or concern within a reasonable timeframe.
The Cali Press Privacy Officer can be contacted using the details below:
Privacy Officer
Cali Press Support Office
info@calipress.com.au
Sometimes, things change, and we may need to update this Privacy Policy. Cali Press may do this at any time without direct notice to you and you can find the most recent version on the Cali Press Website.
Policy date:
23 October 2023