Skip to content
Your cart is empty
Start shopping
Add order note
Save
We started REEFLEX to empower creatives by providing innovative gear, apps, experiences, and learning materials. To do this, we need to collect some of your personal information. Your privacy and the security of your data are extremely important to us. Thus, our privacy policy is in place to help you understand how we collect and use your data, as well as outline your data privacy rights and how to make use of them.
REEFLEX APPS (Reeflex Pro Camera, ReeXpose, ReeHeld, ReeLapse, and SwAipe apps)
PRIVACY POLICY - Effective January 1st, 2025
This Privacy Policy outlines how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you use any of our iOS apps, including Reeflex Pro Camera, ReeXpose, ReeHeld, ReeLapse, and SwAipe.
Information you provide to us
When you log in to Reeflex Pro Camera, ReeHeld, ReeXpose, ReeLapse, or SwAipe we collect the information you provide, such as your name and email address. Account information is crucial for accessing bundle offers and ensuring personalized app functionality. SwAipe does not collect account information, and users of SwAipe remain always anonymous.
Communications
We collect information included in any messages or feedback you send us, such as emails, surveys, or questions sent to customer support. This also includes information you publicly post, such as reviews in the App Store. This data helps us respond to your queries, improve our apps, and address user concerns effectively.
Information we collect
Analytics and Usage Data:
We collect information about how you use our apps through data analytics tools like Google Analytics and other Software Development Kits (SDKs). This information helps us:
- Improve app functionality and user experience.
- Identify and resolve bugs.
- Analyze performance and diagnose crashes.
Device Information:
We may automatically collect certain information about your device, including hardware and software details, to optimize the app’s compatibility and performance.
How we use your information
We use your personal information to:
- Provide and maintain app functionality.
- Improve your overall user experience.
- Analyze usage patterns to enhance app features.
- Respond to your inquiries and feedback.
All users' information stays in our database and is not shared with others.
Sharing Your Information
We do not sell your personal information. However, we may share it in limited circumstances:
- With Service Providers: We may share your data with third-party providers who assist us in analytics, bug tracking, or customer support.
- Legal Requirements: We may disclose your information if required by law or to protect our rights.
Your Privacy Choices
You can manage your privacy preferences in your device settings, including restricting access to specific data or opting out of analytics tracking where supported.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your personal data, don't hesitate to get in touch with us at support@reeflexstore.com.
REEFLEXSTORE.COM
PRIVACY POLICY - effective Feburary 1, 2022
This section of the Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.reeflexstore.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
- Automatic Data Collection. When you visit the site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, through our Services or other methods of web analysis, including information such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or device when you access the Internet, browser type, operating system, Internet service provider, the date and time of your visit, the amount of time you spend on each page, information about the links you click and pages you view within the Services, and other actions taken through use of the Services such as preferences. To the extent devices transmit location data through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals, we may also collect this data. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
We collect the following types of personal information:
REEFLEX collects Personal Information regarding its current, prospective, and former clients, customers, users, visitors, guests, and Employees (collectively “Individuals”).
- Information You Provide Directly to Us. When you use the Services or engage in certain activities, such as registering for an account with REEFLEX, requesting Services or information, or contacting us directly, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information:
Purchases. When you purchase products or services from REEFLEX, you must provide us with Personal Information, such as your name, email address, address that are associated with your debit/credit card. Please note that we do not store credit/debit card numbers.
Communications with Us. We may also collect Personal Information from you such as email address, phone number or mailing address when you choose to request information about our products and services, register for a newsletter or loyalty program that we may offer from time to time, contact customer service, or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys. From time to time, we may contact you to participate in online surveys or in-person interviews and focus groups. If you do decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include Personal Information. All information collected from your participation in our surveys or interviews is provided by you voluntarily. We may use such information to improve our products, Sites, and/or services and in any manner consistent with the policies provided herein.
Posting on the Site. We collect the information you post through the Site. For example, when you interact with other users or the Site by posting a review or other materials, the Site will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any Personal Information. If you choose to submit content to any public area of the Site, such content will be considered “public” and will not be subject to the privacy protections set forth herein.
- Promotion and Giveaways. Occasionally we will partner with Third Parties on social media and online channels to sponsor giveaways and promotions. Terms and conditions will accompany each giveaway and promotion, and it is the responsibility of all entrants to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies carefully. If you choose to share your information in order to participate in a giveaway or promotion, your entry information may be shared with such Third Parties.
- Information from Other Sources. We may receive information about you from other sources, including through Third-Party services and organizations, which may supplement information provided by you. This supplemental information can allow us to verify information that you have provided to REEFLEX and enhances our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services. For example, if you access Third-Party services, such as Facebook or Twitter, to log in to the Services or to share information about your experience with REEFLEX, we may collect information from these Third-Party services.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you, screen our orders for potential risk or fraud, and
ehen in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING
REEFLEX may allow Third-Party advertising partners to set tracking tools (e.g., cookies) to collect information regarding your activities (e.g., your IP address, page(s) visited, time of day). We may also share such de-identified information as well as selected Personal Information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) we have collected with Third-Party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit non-REEFLEX related websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising”. We may allow access to other data collected by the Site to facilitate the transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable, or otherwise of interest to you.
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt-out of targeted advertising by:
- FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
- GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
- BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
- PINTEREST - https://help.pinterest.com/en/articles/personalization-and-data
Additionally, you can opt-out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
By using our website, you (the visitor) agree to allow third parties to process your IP address, in order to determine your location for the purpose of currency conversion. You also agree to have that currency stored in a session cookie in your browser (a temporary cookie which gets automatically removed when you close your browser). We do this in order for the selected currency to remain selected and consistent when browsing our website so that the prices can convert to your (the visitor) local currency.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
RIGHT TO DELETE REQUEST - You also have a right to request that we delete personal information, subject to certain exceptions. You may exercise your right to delete by emailing us at
support@reeflexstore.com
.
REQUESTS MADE THROUGH AGENTS - You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at
support@reeflexstore.com
.
+ Add to cart
+ Add to cart
G-Series - Super Telephoto 240 mm
Sale price
€219,99 EUR
+ Add to cart
+ Add to cart
G-Series - Macro Add-ons (for Super Telephoto 240mm)
Sale price
€149,99 EUR
+ Add to cart
+ Add to cart
G-Series - Telephoto 2x Lens
Sale price
€149,99 EUR
+ Add to cart
+ Add to cart
G-Series - Wide Angle 110° Lens
Sale price
€149,99 EUR
+ Add to cart
+ Add to cart
G-Series - Long Range Macro 10x Lens
Sale price
€129,99 EUR
+ Add to cart
+ Add to cart
G-Series - Macro 10x Lens
Sale price
€129,99 EUR
+ Add to cart
+ Add to cart
G-Series Anamorphic 1.33x Lens
Sale price
€169,99 EUR
+ Add to cart
+ Add to cart
G-Series Fisheye 220° Lens
Sale price
€139,99 EUR
Free shipping
Free shipping on all orders over 199€ Europe, 199£ UK, 299$ United States and Canada, and 499$ Rest of the World.
Customer service
Need support?
We are available 24/7.
Customer at our core is our policy.
Secure payment
Your payment information is processed securely. Pay in full safety using Apple Pay, Google Pay, Revolut or credit card.
Contact us
Get in touch at
support@reeflexstore.com
Go to slide 1
Go to slide 2
Go to slide 3
Go to slide 4
SUBSCRIBE and stay up to date
Get access to exclusive offers, pro tips, and epic adventures. We won't spam and we'll never share your information.
Your e-mail
Subscribe
SHOP
G-Series Lenses
Telephoto 2x
Wide Angle 110°
Fisheye 220°
Macro 10x
Long Range Macro
Anamorphic 1.33x
Super Tele 240mm
Macro AOs 240mm
G-Series Accessories
iPhone Leather Case (MagSafe)
iPhone Carbon Case
iPhone Wood Case
Samsung Carbon Case
Compact Tripod
TechBag (Carrying Case)
Super Tele 240 Bag (Carrying Case)
G-Series Bundles
Macro Bundle
Action Bundle
Photo Bundle
Cinematic Bundle
Super Tele 240 & Macro AOs
Full Set
G-Series Filters
Filter Adapters & Camera Mount Set 67mm
Magnetic Filter 67mm CPL Polarizer
Magnetic Filter 67mm Black Mist 1/8
Magnetic Filter 67mm VND 1.5-5
Magnetic Filter 67mm VND 6-9
Magnetic Filter 67mm ND8
Magnetic Filter 67mm ND16
Magnetic Filter 67mm ND32
Magnetic Filter 67mm ND64
2-Pack: Neutral Density Filters (ND32/64)
2-Pack: Neutral Density Filters (ND8/16)
Gift Cards
G-Series Lenses
G-Series Filters
G-Series Bundles
G-Series Accessories
GIFT CARD
APPS (iOS)
Reeflex Pro Camera
Discover
Download
Tutorial
FAQ
ReeXpose - RAW Long Exposure
Discover
Download
Tutorial
FAQ
ReeHeld - Handheld Long Exposure
Discover
Download
Tutorial
ReeLapse - Pro Time-Lapse camera
Discover
Download
Tutorial
ACADEMY
Lenses & Filters
Tutorials
FAQ
iOS Camera Apps
Reeflex Pro Camera Tutorial
ReeXpose Tutorial
ReeHeld Tutorial
ReeLapse Tutorial
Apps FAQ
EXPLORE
About Us
Our Blog
Our Community
Become a Distributor
Become an Affiliate
Collaborations
Newlsetter
Press Kit
SUPPORT
Contact Us
Shipping Policy
Returns & Warranty
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy