Menu
Features
Roadmap
Download
Public Beta
How does Chat On Mac compare with the latest OpenAI services, including ChatGPT "GPTs" and the Assistants API? (Nov. 2023)
The Assistants API and GPTs are great bot-like features. Chat On Mac delivers similar functionality with better privacy for your data and powerful scripting capabilities for your bots/assistants. Bots and extensions run on your device in compartmentalized sandboxes to protect you better than 3rd-party services that take your data on their servers. iCloud sync keeps your data securely under your own custody.
All this at the low cost of free and open-source. We save you money by using cheap pay-as-you-go OpenAI GPT 3.5 and 4 APIs (compared with the cost of ChatGPT Premium or the OpenAI Assistants API) or local LLMs such as Llama2 or Mistral for free.
Subscriptions and fees got you down?
ChatOnMac is 100% free.
Chat bots are fully reusable outside the app.
If you use this app's code commercially, we won't take rent from you and we won't require custody of your data. Everything of yours is yours.
(Soon: self-hosting & cloud hosting options)
Open Source
Feel free to look under the hood, copy for your own bot business or personal use, or discover and run bots made by other users via GitHub. All for free, with no in-app tracking or ads. Stay tuned for AI automation features coming soon for non-developers and developers alike.
BYOK
Bring Your Own Key: use your own
OpenAI GPT API Key
. It's stored in your device's security keychain and enables you to access GPT directly. Team ChatOnMac never sees or has access to your GPT data. Nothing leaves your own accounts and devices.
In-App Programming
Bots run inside the iOS/macOS sandbox using web technologies like JavaScript and WASM, as well as having support for dozens of other languages. Fork and extend bots for personal or business use. Stay tuned for getting GPT to create and modify chat bots for you.
Chat On Mac has an ambitious and fast-moving roadmap. It's integrating technology from other existing, mature projects from its developers to provide competitively powerful and free functionality, such as in-app web search and scraping, EPUB/PDF/images or other readable formats, in-app bot programming with AI automation, Apple platform integrations such as Shortcuts, self-host options to run bots on the web, and much more soon. Stay tuned.
Get the app now!
Join the TestFlight Beta
Launch Day Newsletter Signup Form
Terms of Service
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the ChatOnMac.com website and app and all content, services and products available at or through the Website and App. The Website and App are offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, ChatOnMac's Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site.
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by ChatOnMac, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.
Responsibility of Website Visitors.
ChatOnMac has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material's content, use or effects. By operating the Website, ChatOnMac does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. ChatOnMac disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Websites.
We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which ChatOnMac.com links, and that link to ChatOnMac.com. ChatOnMac is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to an outside website or webpage, ChatOnMac does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.
As ChatOnMac asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by ChatOnMac.com violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify ChatOnMac in accordance with ChatOnMac's Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Policy. ChatOnMac will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. ChatOnMac will terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of ChatOnMac or others. In the case of such termination, ChatOnMac will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to ChatOnMac.
Intellectual Property.
This Agreement does not transfer from ChatOnMac to you any ChatOnMac or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with ChatOnMac. ChatOnMac, ChatOnMac.com, the ChatOnMac logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with ChatOnMac.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of ChatOnMac or ChatOnMac's licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any ChatOnMac or third-party trademarks.
Changes.
ChatOnMac reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. ChatOnMac may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
                                Termination. ChatOnMac may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your ChatOnMac.com account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. ChatOnMac can terminate the Website immediately as part of a general shut down of our service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
The Website is provided "as is". ChatOnMac and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither ChatOnMac nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
Limitation of Liability.
In no event will ChatOnMac, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to ChatOnMac under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. ChatOnMac shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General Representation and Warranty.
You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the ChatOnMac Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless ChatOnMac, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between ChatOnMac and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of ChatOnMac, or by the posting by ChatOnMac of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of Massachusetts, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in Massachusetts. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; ChatOnMac may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
This work is licensed under a
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License
.
Adapted from
Automattic
.
Privacy Policy
ChatOnMac's Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third-party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the
"How and why we use information" section
in this policy.
When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with entities based in countries outside the EEA.
You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU.
Third-Party Software and Services
If you’d like to use other third-party software or services which ChatOnMac tools such as our browser extensions and news/RSS readers allow you to access and interface with as learning resources, please keep in mind that interacting with them may mean providing information about yourself to those third parties. For example, some third-party services may request that you sign up for an account on their platform. Please note that if you use the third-party service or grant access, your data will be handled in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy and practices. We don’t own or control these third parties, and they have their own rules about information collection, use, and sharing, which you should review before using the software or services.
Visitors to our users' shared content
We also process information about visitors to our users’ content on behalf of our users and in accordance with our user agreements.
Users control the content posted on their shared learning resources, so any disputes regarding content on a user’s profile or shared materials should be made directly to the content owner as able, by leaving a comment on their resources, or by contacting ChatOnMac for possible assistance if such means are unavailable.
Account and personal data deletion
An automated account and personal data deletion option is maintained for users at this page: https://ChatOnMac.com/accounts/delete-all-account-data/ - please note that this page requires that users are logged-in to the account they wish to delete. For deletion requests this tool does not cover, please contact us at alex@ChatOnMac.com
Privacy Policy changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, ChatOnMac may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. ChatOnMac encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the revision log, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (like adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification through email or in your app). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
That’s it! Thanks for reading.
This work above is licensed under a
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License
. Adapted in part from
Automattic
.