You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Policy
Last Revised: Wed Jan 15 2025
Adspire® ("us", "we", or "our") This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the app.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the App. By using the App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our App, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("Personal Information").
Log Data
Like many App operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our App ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our App that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this
The Log Data section is for businesses that use analytics or tracking services in webApps or apps, like Google Analytics. For the full disclosure section, create your own Privacy Policy.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that ...
The Communications section is for businesses that may contact users via email (email newsletters) or other methods. For the full disclosure section, create your own Privacy Policy.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 1, 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our webApp.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Adspire®
What remarkable ads will you generate? Try it out for
FREE
here.
Adspire®
The world's most powerful AI that inspires & generates ads for your businesses in seconds!
Free Trial
About Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
© 2025 Trendicator LLC. All rights reserved.
Back to top
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences