Dokkaebi Games Privacy Policy Updated on April 27, 2022 We, Dokkaebi Games, regards your information significant and release this Privacy Policy to inform you what information we collect and how we use it to personalize and continually improve you experience. Our Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use and disclose "personal information" and other "non-personal information" we have gathered about you. This policy will let you know:
What information is collected from you;
How your information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
How you can access, update, or delete your information. We are bound by the Korea’s Personal Information Protection Act (“PIPA”) regarding the manner in which We handle your personal information and how We respond to your requests to access and correct it. We also adhere to the principles enshrine in the US Privacy Act (1974) ("US Act") and the principles contained in the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We will comply with all relevant legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document. Children's Privacy We strictly adhere to PIPA. Our games and our website are not aimed at children under 13 years of age. If you believe that We have inadvertently collected information from a person under the age of 13, please contact us at the email address below and the information will be permanently deleted. What is Personal Information and why do we collect it from you? ‘Personal Information’ is information or an opinion that identifies you as an individual. We collect and store your email, where you nominate to specifically allow our games to collect your email. If you contact us directly for any reason, we may also keep a copy of that correspondence. Your email is collected only to keep you informed of new Dokkaebi Games products and changes to our existing products. Sensitive Information Sensitive information is defined in the US Act to include information or opinion about such things as an individual's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information. We will not attempt to obtain nor record any sensitive information. Disclosure of Personal Information We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law. Security of Personal Information Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. We don't guarantee website links or policy of authorized third parties and you access those sites at your own risk. Access to your Personal Information Under the PIPA, and under the US Act you have the right to access the Personal Information. We hold about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions. If you wish to access your Personal Information, please make out your request to us in writing at the address listed below. Dokkaebi Games will not charge any fee for your access request, but may charge an administrative fee. Please be aware that in order to protect the Personal Information in our database, we will require identification from you before releasing any information. Third Party Advertising Advertisements from third party ad networks may be displayed in our Games from time to time. All reasonable endeavors are used to ensure that these ad networks comply with the PIPA, the US Act, and COPPA in the provision of their services towards us. If you click on any advertisements through our game, the advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect data. Some of this may be personal information, and some of it non-personal information. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser with whom you are interacting before doing so. The list of our ad networks privacy policies may be found here: AdMob:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
Collection of other 'Non-Personal' Information Some non-personal information may be gathered while you use our games. Non personal information is general, non-identifiable and anonymous information that is gathered for statistical, analytical and research purposes such as the improvement of our games (for example, bug fixes). The Google Analytics privacy policy can be found here: Google Analytics:
https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Our websites and apps may also contain APIs from other third parties. As with Google, we do not control how it interacts with you and you should ensure that you consent to the terms of use and privacy policy offered by the third party service before providing it with your information.
Complaints
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support