Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 31, 2025
Thank you for visiting our website, mobile application, or event. Your privacy is important to us, and this privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) describes how your personal information is collected and processed by LIV Golf Inc, LIV Golf Ltd., LIV Golf Events Ltd., and their subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “
LIV Golf
”), including the 4Aces GC, Cleeks GC, Crushers GC, Fireballs GC, HyFlyers GC, Iron Heads GC, Legion XIII, Majesticks GC, RangeGoats GC, Ripper GC, Smash GC, Stinger GC, and Torque GC (collectively, the “
LIV Golf Teams
”). We refer to LIV Golf and the LIV Golf Teams collectively as “
we
”, “
us
”, and “
our
” in this Privacy Policy. If you are visiting a US website or mobile application (including a LIV Golf Team’s website or application), or attending an event in the US, it is operated by LIV Golf Inc; if you are visiting a non-US website or mobile application (including a LIV Golf Team’s website or application), it is operated by LIV Golf Ltd.; and if you are attending an event outside of the US, it is operated by LIV Golf Events Ltd.
We provide this Privacy Policy explaining our practices as a controller and the choices you can make about the way we collect and use your personal information to provide our products and services, including any and all websites, mobile applications, our events or other entertainment experiences, or any other electronic and/or digital products and/or services that are made available by us (each a “
Service
” and together the “
Services
”). “
Users
” are persons, including you, that use or attend the Services. Please take the time to read the full Privacy Policy.
Overview - Categories and Sources of Information
We collect personal information from Users of our Services when it is voluntarily provided by you, such as your name and email address (see Section I below for more information). We use such personal information to contact you directly and for other purposes described in Section II below.
We also collect personal information when Users access or use our Services and from third parties, including marketing partners with whom we work, such as information about your browsing activities, information about the device you use to access the Services (see Section II below for more information), and information about your traits, interests, and preferences. We use such personal information to customize the Services for you and other purposes described in Section II below. This personal information is collected to provide, manage, analyse, and improve the features and functions available on or through the Services and other services, for marketing purposes, and for our internal business purposes.
I.
Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It.
We receive personal information (1) that is directly provided to us, such as information you provide when you visit or use the Services, (2) that is passively or automatically collected from you, and (3) from other persons, third parties, or our partners as described in this Privacy Policy.
You are not required to provide us with your personal information. However, if you choose not to do so, or you exercise your right to deletion/erasure, we may not be able to provide you with our Services or respond to your requests to the extent your personal information is required for the operation of our Services or to respond to your requests.
A.
Personal Information You Provide to Us.
In the course of using our Services, you may provide various types of personal information by filling in forms, creating an account, purchasing merchandise and tickets, completing surveys, or communicating with automated technologies used as part of our Services, such as our “AI Caddie” chatbot feature. This may include: name, email address, telephone number, age, gender, shipping and billing address, country of residence, payment information, events that you are attending/will attend, social media account handles, whether you play golf and your handicap (if applicable), your preferences regarding receiving marketing communications from us and our Partners (as defined below) and your other communication preferences, your interests (e.g., LIV Golf Teams or our events you are interested in), and chat transcripts, contents, and message details. You also may choose to provide us with personal information, including through feedback, questions, comments, survey responses, or similar communications that may be published or displayed on public areas of the Services, or transmitted to other Users or third parties.
B.
Personal Information That is Passively or Automatically Collected.
We, and our partners, who include third-party service providers including non-profit service providers, sponsors, broadcast partners, other golf organizations, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and distribution or other commercial partners (each a “
Partner
” and together “
Partners
”), may use automated technologies, such as automated chatbot features, cookies, or pixels, to collect various types of information about you, your device, and your use of our Services. The types of automatically collected personal information may include: the network or IP address and type of browser you are using, the Google Click ID associated with any advertisements that you click, the type of operating system you are using, the name of your Internet service provider and domains used by such providers, your mobile network, device information and identifiers, device settings, device attributes, browser settings, the web pages of the services you have visited before and after you visit a Service, location information, the advertisements, videos, and other content you have accessed, seen, watched, forwarded, and/or clicked on, product purchase history, and video footage of you through the use of Closed Circuit Television (“CCTV”) systems (including at our events) or collected through our live event broadcasts. At certain live events, we may (a) collect information, such as your general location at and engagement with the event, including through active or passive scanning of RFID wristbands or similar devices using scanners at certain venues, and/or (b) process your facial image for security, event admission, or other similar purposes, and will provide you with any required disclosures in accordance with applicable law. We may also use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technology to collect this information; we describe these practices further in Section III. If you use our chatbot features, such as the “AI Caddie”, on the Services, we may collect additional information through those features as well, including about your device, usage information, and date and time of communications. Your name and contact information may be provided to us by your contacts as part of an engagement or marketing activity, in which case, we rely on your contact having obtained your approval to share your details with us, and we will ask you to confirm that you are happy to be contacted by us by providing a means to confirm or opt out of any communication with us.
C.
Sensitive Personal Information.
We receive information that may be considered sensitive personal information under applicable privacy laws. For example, you may be asked to share your precise (GPS level) geo-location information with us so we can customize your experience on our Services or on other services when we work with a Partner, such as a third-party mobile ad platform. Any person attending an event in the US may have their image collected through the use of facial recognition technology in accordance with applicable law.   If required by applicable law, we will provide you with additional information regarding our collection and/or processing of your biometric information.
We and our service providers process sensitive personal information to provide our Services, for research and development, for authentication, integrity, security, and safety reasons, and with your consent. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes of inferring characteristics about consumers.
In most cases, you will be able to turn off such data collection at any time by accessing the privacy settings of your mobile device and/or through the settings in the applicable mobile application.
II.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We may collect and process your personal information to provide our Services, perform and manage the contract between you and us, and to manage and administer our business, our Services, and our website, including to:
Provide you with our Services, and communicate with you about them;
Provide you with notices about your account with us;
Fulfil your requests regarding our Services, including, without limitation, fulfilling orders for merchandise and tickets and requests for newsletters and notifications;
Notify you about changes to our Services;
Respond to you when you contact us, including communicating with you by phone, email, our chat features, or otherwise;
Engage in advertising and marketing activities, including sending you advertisements and marketing communications through emails, messages, and push notifications; such communications may include information about other Services that we believe may be of interest to you;
Customize or personalize advertisements, offers, and content made available to you based on your visits to and/or usage of the Services, including live events, or other online or mobile websites, applications, platforms, or services, and to analyse the performance of those advertisements, offers, and content, as well as your interaction with them;
Maintain, update, personalize and improve our Services (including live events and automated technologies, such as our chat features);
Evaluate or analyse interactions at, engagement with, and experiences during our live events;
Enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our Services (including, without limitation, our policies and
Terms of Use
);
Provide technical support for the Services;
Protect our Services, including by investigating or preventing fraud or potentially illegal activities (including, without limitation, copyright infringement) on or through the Services;
Protect the rights and safety of our Users and personnel;
Perform analysis regarding how you use the Services or any part thereof;
Develop our product offerings and improve our Services; and
Any other purpose with your consent.
Where we carry out any of the above activities in order to perform the contract between you and us and the processing is subject to the EU GDPR or the UK GDPR, our legal basis for the processing is necessity for performance of that contract.  Where we carry out any of the above activities in other cases and the processing is subject to the EU GDPR or the UK GDPR, our legal basis for the processing is either your consent or necessity for purposes of our legitimate interest in carrying out the relevant activity.  Where we carry out any of the above on the basis of your consent, we will ask for your consent in accordance with the requirements of applicable privacy laws.
Finally, we collect and process your personal information for legal purposes, including enforcing our legal rights or the rights of others, taking or responding to legal action, and complying with the legal and financial obligations to which we are subject, including complying with all applicable laws and court orders.  Where this processing is subject to the EU GDPR or the UK GDPR, our legal basis for the processing is either necessity for compliance with a legal obligation or necessity for purposes of our legitimate interest, or the legitimate interest of third parties, in enforcing our or their legal rights.
III. Personal Information We Disclose
We may disclose your information for the purposes set out in Section II above and as follows:
To contractors or Partners that we use to support our business. This may include service providers that provide, support, and improve the Services, including: (a) conducting research, analytics, and customer profile development, including through surveys; (b) creating content; (c) providing customer, technical, or operational support; (d) accepting and fulfilling orders and user requests; (e) providing consultancy, legal, banking, insurance, auditing, or accounting services; (f) processing payments; (g) hosting our Services, forums, and online communities; (h) administering contests; (i) maintaining databases; and (j) sending or supporting online or mobile advertising (including social media platforms who send targeted advertisements to you). We may further disclose your information to other vendors, where we use automated technologies, such as our “AI Caddie” chatbot feature. We require that such third parties provide at least the same level of privacy protection as required by this Privacy Policy.
To conduct or support marketing, advertising, and analytics, we may use third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies, including to understand usage of the Services, offer you advertisements that target your particular interests, analyze the performance of our advertising campaigns, and to improve or customize the products, content, offerings, or Services. You may accept or reject optional cookies by visiting the
Cookie Settings Center
.
To comply with applicable law or in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order, subpoena, law enforcement or government agency’s request, or similar request.
To third parties in order to investigate, prevent, or take action (in our sole discretion) regarding potentially illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to any person, us, or the Services, or violations of our policies, our
Terms of Use
, or the law, or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services.
To a buyer or other successor if we, or one of our business units, undergoes a business transition, like a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, acquisition by another company, sale of all or part of a business unit’s assets, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets.
To other persons authorized by you.
IV.
International Transfers
We may transfer your personal information for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy to a jurisdiction that is not the one from which we collected such information, including the United States and United Kingdom (“UK”). We have procedures in place to ensure that such transfers of information are conducted using appropriate safeguards and in compliance with applicable laws.
If you reside in Europe, the UK, or the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“KSA”):
We rely on certain service providers who are located out of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the UK, and the KSA, which may result in the transfer of your personal information outside of these jurisdictions.
For transfers from the EEA/UK: Where the recipient is located in a country whose legislation has not been recognized by the European Commission or the UK as having an adequate level of protection, we ensure that the transfer is governed by the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, as applicable. In this regard, please note that we will provide you with a copy of applicable safeguards upon request, at the contact details specified at the end of this Privacy Policy.
For transfers from KSA: Where the recipient is located in a country that has not been recognized by the KSA authorities as having an adequate level of protection, we ensure that such transfers are governed by appropriate safeguards as set out in the KSA’s Personal Data Protection Law, its Implementing Regulation, and the Regulation on Personal Data Transfer Outside the Kingdom.
V.	Personal Information We Sell, Share, or Use for Targeted Advertising
We may use your information for targeted advertising, or “sell” or “share” the personal information, as defined under applicable laws, as follows:
1) Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your personal information for targeted advertising or share your personal information with our affiliates and Partners for their own marketing, advertising, or other promotion of their products or services to you, if you have not opted out of this (or, where required by applicable law, if you have given your consent). The personal information we may use or share may include any of the categories of personal information listed in Sections I(A) and (B) above, except for payment information. This does not include any sensitive personal information. For more information, see Section VII below.
2) We may use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by Google, and similar third-party advertising and analytics partners to collect certain information relating to your use of the Services (such as pages viewed, links selected, form population and abandonment, country/city, details of device used (i.e., Android or iOS device), etc.). Such services may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to help the Services analyze how Users use the Services and to provide marketing and advertising of our Services, including through targeted advertising. You can find out more about how Google uses data when you visit our Services by visiting “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” (located at
Google Privacy Policy for Partners
). You may accept or reject optional cookies by visiting the
Cookie Settings Center
.
VI.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes and uses identified under this Privacy Policy, unless a longer period is required by applicable law. With respect to the Services provided to our customers and technical support, we will keep your personal information during the period of our contractual relationship, extended by the applicable limitation period. With regard to marketing communications with prospects, we will keep your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary after your last correspondence with us in order to comply with any request from you not to be contacted.
With respect to the processing carried out in order to protect the safety of our Users and enforce the legal terms, we will keep your personal information for the time of the relevant dispute. As to the processing carried out in order to comply with a legal obligation, we will keep your personal information for the duration of such obligation. Upon expiry of the applicable data retention period, we undertake to erase or anonymize the relevant personal information or otherwise render it non-identifiable.
VII. User Rights - Data Access and Opt-Out
1. General Rights.
We provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
2. Marketing.
You may have the absolute right to object at any time to our processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes. If you have signed up to receive our marketing communications and prefer not to receive them, follow the “unsubscribe” or opt-out instructions provided In any marketing communication you receive from us, or email us at
privacy@livgolf.com
.
3. User Rights.
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may have specific rights regarding your personal information (as such, or similar terms, are defined in each applicable law). This section describes the rights you may have with respect to personal information and explains how to exercise those rights, subject in all cases to any limitations set forth in the applicable law.
Right to Delete/Erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
– You may request we delete the personal information we have collected and possess about you in certain circumstances.
Right to Know/Access
– You may request to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal information concerning you is being processed and to receive the categories of personal information collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the purpose for collecting and selling the personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information collected about you.
Right of Data Portability
– You may request to move, copy, or transfer your personal information from one place to another.
Right to Correct/Rectify
– You may correct any incomplete or inaccurate personal information about you that we process.
Right to Restrict Processing
– You may restrict the processing of your personal information under certain circumstances.
Right to Object to Processing
– You may object to the processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) as the legal basis for that particular use of personal information (including carrying out profiling based on our legitimate interests). In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your personal information which override your right to object.
Right to Opt Out of the “Sale” or “Sharing” of Personal Information
– You may have the right to opt out of the sale and sharing of your personal information (as such terms are defined under applicable privacy laws):
If you do not want us to sell or share your personal information with our affiliates and   Partners for targeted advertising purposes through cookies, as described in Section V, you may opt out of such disclosures by visiting our
Cookie Settings Center
.
To opt out of other sales or sharing of personal information, including the sharing of your personal information with our affiliates and partners for their own marketing, advertising, and promotional purposes, as described in Section III, you may opt out using the contact information provided below, or through the following link:
Your Privacy Choices
.
With Users’ prior consent, we receive personal information that may be considered sensitive under certain privacy laws, such as geo-location information and biometric information. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes of inferring characteristics about a consumer, or in any way that would obligate us to provide a right to limit, where legally required.
Additionally, if we rely on consent for the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw it at any time and free of charge. When you do so, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before you withdrew consent.
To exercise these rights, please contact us using the information below.
We will maintain procedures to verify that you are authorized to make the requests set forth above. You may designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf by providing your written permission and verifying your identity, though we will need to verify that such agent has the authority to act on your behalf.
We will timely acknowledge your request, and either provide a substantive response or notify you of an extension period and the reason for the extension. Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have the right to appeal our decision if we deny your request to exercise any of the above rights. You can do so by replying directly to our denial or emailing
privacy@livgolf.com
. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decision. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may submit a complaint.
We do not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights above, though we are not able to provide some Services to you without receiving such information.
Where applicable, you may have the right to lodge a complaint to the relevant European and/or UK data protection authority. In the UK, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
). A list of the EEA supervisory authorities can be found here:
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index\_en.htm
.
In other jurisdictions, you may have similar rights with respect to your personal information, including to file a complaint to your supervisory authority. Please contact us using the information below to receive details about how to contact the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
Please note that in order for you to assert these rights, we may need to verify your identity to confirm your right to access your personal information. This is a security measure to ensure your personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
How to Contact Us
: If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to exercise your rights under any data protection legislation, you may complete
our request form
or contact us by email at:
privacy@livgolf.com
, by phone at: 1-866-467-8688, or in writing at:
LIV Golf
C/O Zedra
Booths Hall Booths Park 3
Chelford Road, Knutsford
England, WA16 8GS
VIII.
LIV X Loyalty Program
Eligible Users may join LIV X, LIV Golf’s loyalty and rewards program. Users who join LIV X (“
Participants
”) are eligible to earn Points, Rewards, and Tier Benefits as set out in the
LIV X Terms and Conditions
. For Participants, LIV Golf will process the personal information set out in this Privacy Policy in order to calculate and enable Participants to redeem Points, Rewards, and Tier Benefits, including by creating a LIV X-specific identifier for each Participant. Users who do not join LIV X will not have access to Points, Rewards, or Tier Benefits. We have made a good faith determination that the value of Participants’ personal information processed in connection with LIV X is equivalent to the value of the Points, Rewards, and Tier Benefits, and LIV Golf does not otherwise offer different products or functionality to Participants except as set out in the
LIV X Terms and Conditions
. Users may register for LIV X at
https://www.livgolf.com/liv-x
. Participants may withdraw from LIV X at any time as set out in Section VII (Opt-Out) of the
LIV X Terms and Conditions
or by emailing
privacy@livgolf.com
from the email address associated with their LIV X account and including “Delete My LIV X Account” as the subject of the email.
IX.
Children
Please note that our online Services are not intended for use by, and may not be used by, people under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect and retain any personal information from anyone under the age of 16. If we learn that personal information of persons under the age of 16 has been collected through our Services, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you believe that we might have personal information of anyone under the age of 16, please contact us at
privacy@livgolf.com
.
X.
Security
We seek to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational, and administrative security measures. However, no system is completely secure and even though we do our best to protect your information, we cannot fully eliminate security risks and therefore cannot guarantee the security of your information.
XI.
Updates
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. Please check this page periodically for any changes. If we make a change to this Privacy Policy that is material, we will notify you by either sending an email to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our Services. If such change to the Privacy Policy requires your consent under applicable law, you will have the choice to consent as to whether or not we may use your previously collected personal information in a different manner. Otherwise, when you continue to use our Services after the posting of any changes, your personal information will be processed in accordance with such changes.