Privacy Policy
The Fitness Chef & Graeme Tomlinson LTD is a tool to help you with your health and fitness journey. Here is how we collect and use the data that you give to us throughout the duration of that journey. The Fitness Chef, also referred to in this policy as
“TFC”
is the fitnesschef.uk website (“
Website
”) and The Fitness Chef App mobile applications (“
Mobile App
”) (which we collectively refer to in this Privacy Policy as the “
Services
”). We advise that you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our terms and conditions (referred to throughout as our “
Terms
”).
This policy is complaint with The Data Protection Act 2018 and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The Fitness Chef and all associated Services and systems, including registration, is housed on servers in the United Kingdom. If you are located outside of the United Kingdom, please be aware that information we collect (including cookies and device data) will be processed and stored in the United Kingdom, a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws and principles for the United Kingdom apply. These privacy laws and principles, including your data subject rights, may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country/region where you reside or are a citizen. By using our Services and providing information to us, you consent to the transfer to and processing of the information in the United Kingdom and, unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we use this consent as the legal ground for that data transfer. You may be asked for your explicit consent to this data transfer as part of account creation.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, as your access to and use of the Services signifies that you have read, understand and agree to all terms within this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any part of this Privacy Policy or our Terms, please do not access or continue to use any of the Services or otherwise submit your Personal Data (defined below) to us.
Information About Your Personal Data
This Privacy Policy relates to data about you, your devices, and your interaction with our Services.
“
Personal Data
” is information that can be used to identify you, directly or indirectly, alone or together with other information. This includes things such as your full name, email address, device IDs, certain cookie and network identifiers, and “Health and Fitness.”
TFC collects, uses and processes Personal Data as outlined in this Privacy Policy, including to operate and improve the Services and our business; for advertising and marketing; and to provide you with innovative fitness and wellness services, as further described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information That TFC Collects
The personal information we collect, also referred to throughout this privacy policy as personal data, is as follows:
Name, email address, date of birth, gender, profile photo, password, usage of our website/app, health and fitness information (see section 2), data from 3rd party services, including but not limited to Apple, Google, Fitbit and Facebook, complaints lodged via email and personal information/data discussed as part of support from us to you.
2. How your data is collected, held and used
TFC collects your Personal Data in a number of ways and for various purposes, including:
When you register for an account or interact with TFC Services (including any free trial offers available)
TFC collects Personal Data when you use or interact with our Services, including when you register for a TFC account, start a free trial, sign up to a promotional offer, purchase a Premium Subscription (including processing of payment), or otherwise use the Free Services.
If you sign up or login to your TFC account via fitnesschef.uk, email address, apple ID, Google or Facebook
You request email support from TFC staff via support@fitnesschef.uk , TheFitnessChefApp Instagram account and The Fitness Chef Private Facebook Community
If you opt-in to our email list
This Personal Data may include name, photo, username, password, email address, date of birth, gender, location data, payment details and health and fitness data outlined in section 2 of this Privacy Policy.
3. When you input Health & Fitness Data to TFC Services
“Health and Fitness Data” includes data you provide related to your dietary habits, dietary restrictions, weight, height, fitness activity, fitness goals, lifestyle (e.g. activity level), occupation, fitness goals, calibrated body measurements, exercise level, heart rate, BMI and similar types of data relating to physiological state and proposed activity level. We collect this data in order to provide the Services and customize features to your interests and goals, including providing dietary suggestions, meal planning and progress reporting. This data is also used to update your health and fitness goals.
When you sync a tracking device
TFC collects Personal Data, including Health and Fitness Data, when you use a device that is connected to the WIFI or cellular networks, such as activity trackers and other devices that integrate with our Services. When you sync a connected device TFC may also collect relevant information about the device such as serial number, Bluetooth address, UPC, or other device related information.
2. List of devices/products we interact with:
Apple Health Kit, Google Health Connect, Apple Watch, Garmin, Fitbit
Apple Health Kit/Apple Watch Data
TFC Services allow you to connect and share your Apple Health Kit data with TFC App. The original data you provide to Apple Health Kit is governed by the Apple Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
2. Google Health/ Android health
TFC Services allow you to connect and share your Google Health/Android health data with TFC App. The original data you provide to Google Health/Android Health is governed by the Google Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
3. Fit Bit
TFC Services allow you to connect and share your FitBit data with TFC App. The original data you provide to Fitbit is governed by the Fitbit Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
4. Garmin
TFC Services allow you to connect and share your Garmin data with TFC App. The original data you provide to Garmin is governed by the Garmin Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
5. Syncing with other activity/health trackers
TFC offers capability to sync various activity/health metrics displayed on a variety of apps and devices which sync to Apple Health or Google Health/Android Health. All relevant data displayed by TFC is a reflection of data synced by you to Apple Health or Google/Android Health from your selected app or device. The aforementioned data is displayed by us, but not formulated.
4.
When you communicate with us or sign up for promotional materials
TFC collects Personal Data when you communicate with us or sign up to receive “Contact” in the form of promotional materials via email or push notifications.
If you consent to receive “Contact”, we may use your Personal Data and other information to communicate with you about the TFC Services you have purchased or used; provide you with promotional material and personalized offers and to notify you of Services we think may be of interest to you. You can customize your marketing preferences in Settings.
We may use your Personal Data to contact you to address and respond to your requests for technical support, questions or complaints about the Services, or any other communication you contact us with. By agreeing to these terms you consent to us accessing your account and personal data to support technical requests.
5. When you participate in Promotions
We may request or otherwise collect Personal Data, including Health and Fitness Data when you participate in Promotions, when you participate in surveys, or when you participate in research activities or initiatives (“Research”). This includes Personal Data, such as name, address, email address and other information that is relevant to the promotion.
6. When you login with us through social media
You may choose to enable, log into, or sign on to the Services through various social media or social networking services, such as Facebook (“Social Networking Service” or “SNS”). When you connect using your SNS accounts, we may collect Personal Data that you have provided to that SNS. For example, when you log in with your Facebook credentials, with your consent, we may collect Personal Data from your Facebook profile that is permitted under Facebook’s Terms of Service – such as your name, email address and profile picture. We use this data to provide, enhance accessibility to our Services.
7. Other ways we Disclose and Use Personal Data
We may use your Personal Data for the purposes as described in the prior section of this Privacy Policy, in the following ways:
Technical and Functional Improvement of Services and User Experience
In order to assess and improve TFC Services, marketing initiatives and advertising.
Connecting with Social Network Providers
We use buttons, or plug-ins in our Services for Social network providers, e.g. Facebook.
Advertising and Marketing
With advertising and marketing partners for advertising and marketing purposes on TFC’s behalf and on behalf of third parties, including but not limited to Facebook.
Analytics
With certain companies for purposes of analytics and improvement of the Services, including but not limited to Apple and Google
Legal Compliance, Law Enforcement, and Public Safety Purposes
With law enforcement, government or regulatory bodies, lawful authorities, or other authorized third parties in order to comply with laws, regulations, court orders, or other legal obligations or to assist in an investigation, to protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights or safety of third parties, to enforce our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or agreements with third parties, or for crime-prevention purposes.
The sale of TFC App
Information, not limited to your data, as outlined above, may be used in the event of an effective ‘sale’ of the services and/or business.
8. Processing your data
Under GDPR TFC ensures that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly transparently, and without adversely affecting your rights. We will only process your personal data if at least one of the following basis applies:
Notifying you in TFC app, push notifications or via email disclosing account status such as commencement of a free trial, promotional offer, requirement to update payment details or subscription cancellation
Setting your individualised health and fitness goals based on the data you share
Email correspondence outlining relevant information about TFC app such as promotional offers, new features or general updates.
You have given consent to the processing of your personal data as outlined above
For the purposes of our terms and conditions to which you have agreed to, including the use of free trials
If necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject
If necessary as part of an investigation undertaken by law enforcement
Is required for a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller; and/or
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
Refusal to provide relevant data will limit or inhibit use of some or all of our services
9. 3
rd
party websites/apps
By agreeing to this privacy policy you understand that our terms and conditions do not apply to 3rd party websites or apps that are connected to TFC. We have no involvement or control of how your personal data is collected in such 3rd party websites or apps and advise you to check their individual privacy policies before giving your personal data to them.
10. Your Rights
You can exercise your rights by contacting
support@fitnesschef.uk
at any time.
Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you have the right to:
Request access, updating or deletion of your personal data from our systems
Request your personal data we hold to be shared to you (subject to compatible format)
Be updated with specific personal data we are storing
To object to your personal data being used
Please be aware that except when required by law, or when it is deemed impracticable to do so, you have the option of remaining anonymous when communicating with us.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about the way we have disclosed, used or processed your personal data please contact
support@fitnesschef.uk
. Please note, we may require information such as your name and email address to deal your complaint in a satisfactory way.
If you are unsatisfied with how we have handled your complaint you may lodge a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) or get advice from the ICO at
https://www.gov.uk/data-protection/make-a-complaint
, or write to the following address:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Customer Service
Email:
support@fitnesschef.uk
Privacy Policy Updates
This privacy policy is subject to change without prior or separate notification. If this privacy policy is updated it will show the updated version on fitnesschef.uk and during the sign up flow for TFC App. This privacy policy was last updated on 5/10/2023.