Digital payments for your India tour
Cheq – UPI wallet let’s you pay anywhere in India using your phone through the
UPI Platform
Need help with wallet setup?
Call: +919845563750
How it works
Go cashless & navigate India effortlessly – the digital UPI-powered INR wallet designed for foreigners & NRIs
Download CheqUPI app via playstore/appstore
Download Cheq
Complete physical verification at our partner branch or by booking an agent
Our locations
Load funds from your international bank debit or credit card and pay across 55Million+ merchants in India
Ready to setup your wallet?
Request Callback
TOURIST WALLET
₹ 1999
billed just once
Get Started
Access these features when you get tourist wallet
Scan & pay at 55Mn+m merchants across India
Online payments to all digital stores and services
Fund addition with your preferred debit/credit card
Proactive call support
30 days money back
Guarantee
0 payment charges at 
all merchants
No monthly subscription
One-time joining fees
DEAR TOURISTS,
say goodbye to ATM withdrawal fees!
Add & withdraw funds instantly with your preferred card
Travel securely with less
cash in hands
Pay seamlessly at
55 million+ merchants
across India
Cheq is super
safe and secure
Your data is encrypted and every transaction happens after a 2FA. Our risk systems block suspicious transactions proactively.
People from around the world love us
When in India, pay like an Indian
20Mn+ Hotels & stays
12Mn+ Restaurants & cafes
60K+  Fuel stations
50Mn+ Local stores
1Mn+ Cab services
24K+ Bike & car rentals
Blogs
CheqUPI At UNESCO's
Event
CheqUPI was the official payment partner of…
Read more
Welcoming Foreign Nationals on India's Larg…
Internet commerce has undergone a transformation b…
Read more
How to Unlock Yourself on UPI (for   
 Foreign Nationals)
Unified Payments Interface (UPI), one of the mos…
Read more
Popular scams that foreign tourists travellin…
India is a vibrant tapestry of colours, cultures, and tradition…
Read more
Can foreign tourists drive in India?
India is known for its traditional tourism and the extraordinary…
Read more
Why will UPI change your travel experience?
Imagine, as a foreign tourist, you want to explore India, but…
Read more
10 best  places
to visit
in India
If you plan to visit India, we have ten enchanting destinat…
Read more
What are the issues in withdrawing cash from …
When traveling to India, withdrawing cash from an AT…
Read more
What are the best travel insurance providers in …
Are you planning to visit India? If yes, then travel insurance is …
Read more
Press Release
Startup News And Updates: Daily Roundup (September 13, 2023)
YourStory presents the daily news roundup from the Indian startup ecosystem and beyond. Here’s…
Read more
CheqUPI Secures $500k From Y Combinator, Others
With approximately 55 million merchants accepting UPI and nearly a billion transactions per month…
Read more
GradRight, Six Others Raise Early- Stage Funding
Fintech startup GradRight, artifical intelligence-based startup Kombai, healthtech firm Neurowyzr
Read more
Question?   We have answers.
Who can open a Cheq tourist wallet?
Citizens of G20 nations and Non-resident Indian citizens are allowed to open a Cheq tourist wallet. Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Republic of Korea, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Türkiye, United Kingdom and United States and European Union
What are the documents required to open a Cheq tourist wallet?
Your passport and Indian VISA are required to open a tourist wallet
Where can I spend using the Cheq tourist wallet?
Tourist wallet can be used to shop at over 50mn+ shops across India. Both online and offline expenses can be managed
What are the charges involved in using this product?
We charge a one-time INR 999 (~$12) joining fee to every customer. This helps us verify your profile and fight fraud. Account top-up and everyday payment facilities are free of charge.
How can I add funds to the Cheq tourist wallet?
1. You can add funds to your tourist wallet via Transcorp branches. They are available in most major cities across India. Branches accept both cash and cards. 2. You can add funds to your tourist wallet via an instant payment gateway. This is the most convenient way to add funds to Cheq wallets
Click For More FAQs
In media
Economic times
Cheq’s UPI wallet in partnership with Transcorp…
Read more
Economic times
Cheq’s UPI wallet in partnership with Transcorp…
Read more
Economic times
Cheq’s UPI wallet in partnership with Transcorp…
Read more
Click For More News
Travel Lite, keep your
spends in Cheq
Download App
Cheq
Terrafin Solutions Private Limited
#231, Eden Au Lac, Indiranagar – 560038
Phone: +91 9845 563 750
Email: contactus@terrafin.tech
Transcorp Support
Phone:+917597182222
Email: cards@transcorpint.com
RBI CMS: In case your query is not resolved in 30 days reach out on
https://cms.rbi.org.in/
Instagram
Twitter
Linkedin-in
Hubspot
Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions
© Copyright 2022. All rights reserved.
WhatsApp us
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://chequpi.com/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: [15th July 2022]
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines Terrafin Solutions Private Limited’s (“Terrafin”, “we”, or “us”) practices in relation to the storage, use, processing, and disclosure of personal data that you have chosen to share with us when you access our mobile application (“Cheq” or “App”) or personal data that we may have access to in relation to your use of Cheq’s offerings and features (the App and all offerings and services available through the App are collectively referred to as the “Services”).
At Terrafin, we are committed to protecting your personal data and respecting your privacy. Please read the following terms of the Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. This Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Capitalised words in the Policy shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the Terms and Conditions (“Terms”), available at [link]. Please read this Policy in consonance with the Terms.
By using Cheq, you consent to the collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal data in accordance with and are agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Background and key information
1. How this Policy applies:
This Policy applies to individuals who access or use the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, references to “you” across this Policy are to an end user that uses the Services.
By using the Services, you consent to the collection, storage, usage, and disclosure of your personal data, as described in and collected by us in accordance with this Policy.
By using the Services, you consent to the collection, storage, usage, and disclosure of your personal data, as described in and collected by us in accordance with this Policy.
2. Review and Updates:
We regularly review and update our Policy, and we request you to regularly review this Policy. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
3. Third-Party Services
The Services may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, features, services, and applications (“Third-Party Services”). Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
We do not control these Third-Party Services and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave the App or access third-party links through the Services, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of such third-party service providers.
When you leave the App or access third-party links through the Services, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of such third-party service providers.
The data we collect about you
(a) The information generated during your use of the Services may be categorised in the following manner:
1. Personal data:
This category includes data that can directly or indirectly (for example, in combination with other categories of data) identify you. It does not include aggregated or anonymised data or information.
2. Non-personal data:
This category includes data that cannot directly or indirectly identify you. For example, we also collect, use, and share aggregated data such as statistical or analytical data solely for internal operations. Aggregated data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data under applicable laws. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific feature of the Services. Please note that this Policy does not apply to our use of any non-personal data.
(b) We collect the following types of personal data:
1. Identity and Profile Data,
such as your name, date of birth, gender, marital status, Aadhar number, PAN details, and driving licence details.
2. Contact Data,
such as your mobile number, email ID, residential address, location data and pin code.
3. Financial Information,
including your credit information and credit score.
4. Marketing and Communications Data,
such as your address, email address, information posted in service requests, offers, wants, feedback, comments, pictures and discussions in our blog and chat boxes, responses to user surveys and polls, your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and our third parties, and your communication preferences.
5. Technical Data,
which includes your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, details of operating system, access time, page views, device ID including IMEI number, device type, SIM profile, camera, time zone settings and locations (including latitude and longitude), operating systems, and device information, frequency of use of the App, website and mobile application activity, clicks, date and time stamps, location data, and other technology on the devices that you use to access the App.
6. Transaction Data,
such as details of the Services you have availed and contents of SMS-based financial transactions including One Time Passwords (“OTPs”).
7. Usage Data,
which includes information about how you use the Services, your activity on the App, user taps and clicks, user interests, time spent on the App, details about user journey on the mobile application, and page views.
How do we collect personal data?
We use different methods to collect personal data from and about you including through:
1. Direct Interactions.
You provide us your personal data when you interact with us. This includes personal data you provide when you:
create an account or profile with us;
use our Services or carry out other activities in connection with the Services;
enter a promotion, user poll, or online surveys;
request marketing communications to be sent to you; or
report a problem with the App and/or our Services, give us feedback, or contact us.
2. Automated Technologies or Interactions.
Each time you visit the App or use the Services, we will automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, server logs, and other similar technologies. We may also receive such data about you if you visit other websites or apps that employ our cookies.
2. Third Parties or Publicly Available Sources.
We will receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources, including but not limited to our third party partners, Google analytics for advertising and user analytics purposes, and other publicly available sources.
3. What happens if I refuse to provide my personal data?
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract (such as the Terms), and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to provide you with the Services). In this case, we may have to cancel or limit your access to the Services, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How do we use your personal data?
1. We collect, use, and transfer the personal data about you in accordance with the terms of this Policy to enable you to avail our Services.
2. We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data where we need to provide you with the Services or where we need to comply with a legal obligation. We use your personal data for the following purposes:
to verify your identity to register you as a user, create your user account with us on the App, and verify your user account using OTPs sent via SMS;
to provide the Services to you;
to monitor trends and personalise your experience;
to improve the functionality of our Services based on the information and feedback we receive from you;
to improve customer service to effectively respond to your Service requests and support needs;
to send periodic notifications to manage our relationship with you including to notify you of changes to Services, send you information and updates pertaining to the Services you have availed, and to receive occasional company news and updates related to us or the Services;
to market and advertise our Services to you;
to comply with legal obligations;
to administer and protect our business and the Services, including for troubleshooting, data analysis, system testing, and performing internal operations;
for risk control, fraud detection, and prevention;
to improve our business and delivery models;
to perform our obligations that arise out of the arrangement we are about to enter or have entered with you;
to enforce our Terms; and
to respond to court orders, establish or exercise our legal rights, or defend ourselves against legal claims.
3. You agree and acknowledge that by using our Services and creating an account with us on the Platform, you authorise us, our associate partners, and affiliates to contact you via email, phone, or otherwise. This is to provide the Services to you and ensure that you are aware of all the features of the Services and for related purposes.
4. You agree and acknowledge that any and all information pertaining to you, whether or not you directly provide it to us (via the Services or otherwise), including but not limited to personal correspondence such as emails, instructions from you, etc., may be collected, compiled, and shared by us in order to render the Services to you. This may include but not be limited to our vendors, social media companies, third-party service providers, storage providers, data analytics providers, consultants, lawyers, and auditors. We may also share this information with other entities in the Terrafin group in connection with the above-mentioned purposes.
5. You agree and acknowledge that we may share data without your consent, when it is required by law or by any court or government agency or authority to disclose such information. Such disclosures are made in good faith and belief that it is reasonably necessary to do so for enforcing this Policy or the Terms, or in order to comply with any applicable laws and regulations.
Cookies
1. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your device’s hard drive through your web browser (if you permit it to) that enables the sites or service providers’ systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain information.
2. We use cookies to help us distinguish you from other users of the App, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer you a seamless user experience. We may contact third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Additionally, you may encounter cookies or other similar devices on certain parts of the App that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Platform, we may collect such information within a file specific to you.
Disclosure of your personal data
We may share your personal data with third parties set out below for the purposes set out in Section 4:
1. Terrafin’s affiliates; and
2. External third parties such as:
trusted third parties such as our associate partners, and service providers that provide services for us or on our behalf. This includes hosting and operating our App, providing marketing assistance, conducting our business, transmitting content, and providing our Services to you; analytic service providers and advertising networks that conduct web analytics for us to help us improve the App, etc. These analytics providers may use cookies and other technologies to perform their services;
third parties upon your request or where you explicitly consent to such disclosure; and
regulators and other bodies, as required by law or regulation.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Data retention
You agree and acknowledge that your personal data will continue to be stored and retained by us for a reasonable period after termination of your account on the App or access to the Services.
Authenticity of Information
1. We have taken all reasonable steps to ensure that the information on the App is authentic.
2. You agree that the information and personal data you provide us with are true, correct, and accurate. We shall not be liable for any incorrect or false information or personal data that you might provide.
3. You may review the information and personal data that you have provided during your use of the App and choose to correct or modify such information if it is incorrect. You may do so by writing to us or our Grievance Officer at the address provided in Section 12 of this Policy.
Data security
1. We implement certain security measures including encryption and firewalls to protect your personal information from unauthorised access. However, you agree and acknowledge that the above-mentioned measures do not guarantee absolute protection to the personal information and by accessing the Services, you agree to assume all risks associated with disclosure of personal information arising due to breach of firewalls and secure server software.
2. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password or OTP that enables you to access certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password or OTP confidential. We ask you not to share the password or OTP with anyone.
3. We will comply with the requirements under the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder in the event of a data or security risk.
4. You agree and acknowledge that we shall not be liable for:
any information leaked due to computer virus, trojan and hacker attack;
any information divulged on account of you sharing your password, OTP or details of your registered account with others;
any other such divulgence caused by any reason not directly/indirectly attributable to us.
Business transitions
You are aware that in the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another organisation, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal data might be among the assets transferred.
Change in Privacy Policy
1. We keep our Policy under regular review and may amend this Policy from time to time, subject to the services rendered.
2. The terms of this Policy may change and if it does, these changes will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. The new Policy may be displayed on-screen, and you shall be prompted to read and accept the updated policy if you choose to continue using our Services.
Grievance officer
You may contact us at contactus@terrafin.tech with any enquiry relating to this Policy or an enquiry relating to your personal information (including reviewing or updating). You can also do so by writing to our Grievance Officer, appointed in accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made thereunder, at the address provided below:
Name: Manish Shukla
Address: 231, Eden Au Lac, Indiranagar – 560038
Email Address: contactus@terrafin.tech
WhatsApp us