Privacy Policy
SizeSnap believes in privacy and online freedom and that it should be very clear how we protect and manage your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us via zzsoftservice@outlook.com.
SizeSnap is a no-log iOS application. Except for the limited exceptions below, we do not collect any information transmitted through the network. More specifically, we do not collect any data stored on or transmitted from your device, including any data that applications on your device may transmit through our network.
- How we manage your personal information
[ - ]How do we collect your personal information?
We automatically collect certain non-Personal Information from Users. For instance, SizeSnap assigns a unique identifier to each User of the Service, but SizeSnap does not tie these unique identifiers to the Personal Information of Users.
- How do we deal with your private information?
SizeSnap will only collect non-personal information needed for it to properly conduct its business and only collect it by fair and lawful means.
[ - ]To ensure the quality of product
When there is a bug about the product version, we will use Email to contact you, and collect the specific information such as unique device ID, device type, browser type, and operating system type. Those are helpful to speed up solving problems and improve product experience.
[ - ]To improve customer service
When we have any problems in specific areas, we will use Email to communicate in order to get feedback and best suggestions. With fluent communication, it is helpful to get better customer support with you.
[ - ]To study and analyze
When you become a user of the app, we will collect the statistics about users' behavior and location. By learning and analyzing the statistics, we will improve the service and product to be better. In the course of interacting with SizeSnap, we may need specific information from you to enable SizeSnap to solve the problem and improve the service as soon as possible. Please note that access to your personal information is in accordance with SizeSnap's retention and access policy.
SizeSnap users understand that the present Privacy Policy is subject to changes made by SizeSnap at any time at its sole discretion, and you agree to be bound by any and all modifications, changes and/or revisions. You understand that it is your obligation to periodically review this webpage in order to account for any changes made, as they will be binding upon assent.