AI Maker Pro Privacy Policy
Information note regarding Personal Data Processing
1.
The Company
-
personal data operator
ElThree Inc, a Limited Liability Company company registered at 1950 W Corporate Way PMB
33238 Anaheim, CA 92801, United States of America, ID (“the Company”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”) as
provider of the App is a personal data operator and processes the personal
data in a
confidential, safe, and transparent manner.
2.
The Company will provide a dedicated address
for any requests or questions related to the way
personala data is processed.
For any question regarding personal data or in order to exercise their legal
rights, You may use
the dedicated email address admin@star.computer, mentioning in their request “AI Maker Pro
App”. to the attention of the person in charge of Personal Data Protection within the Company,
mentioning in their request “AI Maker Pro app”
A
ll messages will receive an answer within the law applicable terms (taking into consideration
the technical capabilities of implementing the received requests).
3.
Definitions
Account
means a unique account created for You to access Our Service or parts of O
ur
Service.
Affiliate
means a unique entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a
party, where “control” means ownership of 505 or more of the shares, equity interest or other
securities entitled to vote for election of the dir
ectors or other managing authority.
Application
(referred to as either “Application” or “App” in this Privacy Policy) means the
software program provided by the Company, downloaded by You on any electronic device,
named AI Maker Pro Application
App Store
means a digital store available on all smartphones using the iOS operating system
where the Application can be found and downloaded
Company
(referred to as either “the Company, “We”, “Our”, in these Terms of Use) refers to El
Three Inc, 1950 W Corporate
Way PMB 33238 Anaheim, CA 92801
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a smartphone
Google Play
means a digital store available on all smartphones using the Android operating
system where the Application can be found and downloaded.
Service
refers to the Application
You
(referred to as either “You”, “Your”, “Yourself” in these Terms of Use)
the individual
accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such
individual is accessing or using
the Service, as applicable.
4.
Categories of personal data processed within
the App
Within the App, the Company will collect the following categories of personal data from You:
Personal Information You disclose to Us
We collect personal information that You voluntarily provide to Us when you register on the
Application, express an interest in obtaining information about Us or Our products and
Services, when You participate in activities on the Application (such as by
posting messages in
Our online forums or entering competitions, contests or giveaways) or otherwise when You
contact Us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of Your interactions with Us
and the App , the choices You make and
the products and features You use. The personal
information We collect may include the following:
Personal Information Provided by You.
We collect names, email addresses, contact or
authentication data
All personal information that You provide to Us must
be true, complete and accurate, and You
must notify Us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
We automatically collect certain information when You visit, use or navigate the App . This
information does not reve
al your specific identity (like Your name or contact information) but
may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device
characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country,
locat
ion, information about how and when You use Our Application and other technical
information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of Our
Application, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many b
usinesses, We also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
The information We collect includes:
●
Log and Usage Data
. Log and usage data is service
-
related, diagnostic, usage and
performance information Our servers automatically colle
ct when You access or use Our
Application and which we record in log files. Depending on how You interact with Us, this
log data may include Your IP address, device information, browser type and settings and
information about Your activity in the Applicati
on (such as the date/time stamps
associated with Your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions You
take such as which features You use), device event information (such as system activity,
error reports (sometimes called 'crash dumps') and
hardware settings).
●
Device Data.
We collect device data such as information about Your smartphone or
other device You use to access the Application. Depending on the device used, this
device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy
server), device
and Application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model Internet
service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system and system configuration
information.
●
Location Data.
We collect location data such as information about Your device's
location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much information We collect
depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Application. For
example, We may use
GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells
us Your current location (based on Your IP address). You can opt out of allowing Us to
collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling Your
Location set
ting on Your device. Note however, if You choose to opt out, You may not
be able to use certain aspects of the Services.
Information collected through the Application
If You use Our Application, We also collect the following information:
●
Geolocation inf
ormation.
We may request access or permission to and track location
-
based information from Your mobile device, either continuously or while You are using
Our Application, to provide certain location
-
based services. If You wish to change our
access or permissions, Yo
u may do so in your device's settings.
●
Mobile Device Access.
We may request access or permission to certain features from
Your mobile device, including Your mobile device's storage , camera , and other
features. If You wish to change our access or permiss
ions, You may do so in Your
device's settings.
●
Mobile Device Data.
We automatically collect device information (such as Your mobile
device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system
configuration information, device and
application identification numbers, browser type
and version, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and
Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If You are using our App, We may also
collect information about the phone n
etwork associated with Your mobile device, Your
mobile device's operating system or platform, the type of mobile device You use, Your
mobile device's unique device ID and information about the features of Our Application
You accessed.
●
Push Notifications.
We may request to send You push notifications regarding Your
account or certain features of the App. If You wish to opt
-
out from receiving these types
of communications, You may turn them off in Your device's settings.
This information is primarily needed
to maintain the security and operation of Our Application,
for troubleshooting and for Our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Information collected from other sources
In order to enhance Our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers and serv
ices to You and
update Our records, We may obtain information about You from other sources, such as public
databases, joint marketing partners, affiliate programs, data providers, as well as from other
third parties. This information includes mailing addre
sses, job titles, email addresses, phone
numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, social media
profiles, social media URLs and custom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising and event
promotion.
5.
Personal data i
s processed exclusively for the
use of the App
We use personal information collected via Our Application for a variety of business purposes
described below. We process Your personal information for these purposes in reliance on Our
legitimate business int
erests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with You, with Your
consent, and/or for compliance with Our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing
grounds We rely on next to each purpose listed below.
In legal terms, We are generally
the "data controller" under European data protection laws since
We determine the means and/or purposes of the data processing We perform. However, if You
are a business customer with whom we have entered into a data processing agreement for the
provision o
f corporate services to You, then You would be the "data controller" and we would be
the "data processor" under European data protection laws since we would be processing data
on your behalf in accordance with your instructions.
We use the information We
collect or receive:
●
To facilitate account creation and logon process.
If You choose to link your account
with us to a third
-
party account (such as Your Google or Facebook account), we use the
information You allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account
creation and logon process for the performance o
f the contract.
●
●
To post testimonials.
We post testimonials on Our Application that may contain
personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain Your consent to use
Your name and the content of the testimonial. If You wish to update, or
delete Your
testimonial, please contact us at admin@star.computer and be sure to include Your
name, testimonial location, and contact information.
○
●
Request feedback.
We may use Your information to request feedback and to contact
You about Your use of our
Application.
●
●
To manage user accounts.
We may use your information for the purposes of managing
our account and keeping it in working order.
●
●
To
send administrative information to You
. We may use Your personal information to
send You product, service and n
ew feature information and/or information about
changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
●
●
To protect our Services.
We may use Your information as part of our efforts to keep
Our Application safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prev
ention).
●
●
To enforce Our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, to comply
with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with Our contract.
●
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm.
If we receive a subpoena or other
legal requ
est, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
●
Fulfill and manage your orders.
We may use Your information to fulfill and manage
Your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the App .
●
Administer prize draws and co
mpetitions.
We may use your information to administer
prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in our competitions.
●
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to You.
We may use Your information to
provide You with the requested serv
ice.
●
●
To respond to Your inquiries/offer support to You.
We may use Your information to
respond to Your inquiries and solve any potential issues You might have with the use of
our Services.
○
●
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We and/or o
ur third
-
party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our
marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. For
example, when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our App ,
subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, we will collect personal
information from you. You can opt
-
out of our marketing emails at any time.
●
Deliver targeted advertising to you.
We may use your information to develop and
display personalized content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so)
tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
6.
User specific rights regarding their personal dat
a
Unless there are exceptions specifically mentioned in current, applicable laws, You have the
following rights:
-
Right of access, respectively the right of obtaining a confirmation from the Company that
the Company is processing Your personal data, as wel
l as granting access to Your
personal data, and supplying information about the ways the Your personal data is being
processed.
-
Right of rectification, refers to correcting, without unjustified delay, of inexact personal
data and/or completing incomplete
personal data.
-
Right of deletion/Right to be forgotten, meaning the right to delete, without unjustified
delay, Your collected personal data, in case this data is no longer necessary to fulfill the
purpose for which the personal data was collected, and
there is no other legal reason to
process the data, the data has been illegally collected, or the data needs to be deleted to
comply with legal obligations.
-
Right to restrict the processing of personal data, which applies in the following cases: (i)
You
contest the correctness of the personal data, (ii) the personal data processing is
illegal and You oppose the deletion of the personal data, requesting instead the
restriction of processing of Your personal data, (iii) The Company no longer needs Your
per
sonal data, however You request Your personal data for the recognition, exercise, or
defense of a right in the legal courts, (iv) You are against the processing of Your
personal data during the time it is being checked that the Company legitimate interests
in processing personal data prevail over Your rights.
-
Right to oppose the processing of personal data, with the exception of situations in
which the Company proves that the Company has legitimate reasons to process Your
personal data, reasons that prevail over Your interests, rights, and freedoms, or for the
recognition, exercise, or defense of a right in the legal courts.
-
Right of portability which gives You the right to receive Your personal data , which You
have provided for the purposes indicated in these Terms and conditions, in a current,
structured f
ormat, that can be automatically read, and the right to send this personal
data to a different operator.
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
-
Right to complain to the Data Protection Authorities
-
Right to legal action against the operator in case You consider that Your rights have
been violated as a result of processing Your personal data without complying with
current laws.
-
Right of efficient legal action against a legal mandatory decision of a
Data Protection
authority aimed at You
-
Right to not be the subject of decision based solely on automated personal data
processing, including profiling, that may inflict legal or any other similar effects on You,
with the exceptions in which the personal d
ata processing is necessary and permitted by
law.
-
If You are a resident in the EEA or UK and you believe We are unlawfully processing Your
personal information, You also have the right to complain to Your local data protection
supervisory authority. You c
an find their contact details here:
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data
-
protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
If You are a resident in Switzerland, the con
tact details for the data protection authorities are
available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html.
7.
Personal data sharing
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
-
Consent:
We may process your dat
a if You have given Us specific consent to use Your
personal information for a specific purpose.
-
Legitimate Interests:
We may process Your data when it is reasonably necessary to
achieve Our legitimate business interests.
-
Performance of a Contract:
Where
We have entered into a contract with you, we may
process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
-
Legal Obligations:
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to
do so in order to comply with applicable law, go
vernmental requests, a judicial
proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a
subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law
enforcement requirements).
-
Vital Interests:
We may
disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to
investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies,
suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and
illegal activities, o
r as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the
following situations:
-
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer Your information in connection with, or
during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of
all or a portion of our business to another company.
-
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third
-
Party Serv
ice Providers.
We may share Your
data with third
-
party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform
services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work.
Examples include: payment processing, data analysi
s, email delivery, hosting services,
customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use
tracking technology on the Application , which will enable them to collect data on Our
behalf about how You interact with our App over t
ime. This information may be used to,
among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content,
pages or features, and better understand online activity. Unless described in this notice,
We do not share, sell, rent or trade a
ny of Your information with third parties for their
promotional purposes. We have contracts in place with our data processors, which are
designed to help safeguard your personal information. This means that they cannot do
anything with Your personal inform
ation unless we have instructed them to do it. They
will also not share Your personal information with any organization apart from Us. They
also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period We
instruct.
-
Third
-
Party Ad
vertisers.
We may use third
-
party advertising companies to serve ads
when You visit or use the App . These companies may use information about Your visits
to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other
tracking technologie
s in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of
interest to You.
-
Offer Wall
. Our Application may display a third
-
party hosted "offer wall." Such an offer
wall allows third
-
party advertisers to offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items
to You in
return for the acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer. Such an offer wall
may appear in our Application and be displayed to you based on certain data, such as
Your geographic area or demographic information. When You click on an off
er wall, You
will be brought to an external website belonging to other persons and will leave our
Application. A unique identifier, such as Your user ID, will be shared with the offer wall
provider in order to prevent fraud and properly credit Your account
with the relevant
reward. Please note that We do not control third
-
party websites and have no
responsibility in relation to the content of such websites. The inclusion of a link towards a
third
-
party website does not imply an endorsement by Us of such a w
ebsite. Accordingly,
We do not make any warranty regarding such third
-
party websites and We will not be
liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of such websites. In addition, when You
access any third
-
party website, please understand that Your righ
ts while accessing and
using those websites will be governed by the privacy notice and terms of service relating
to the use of those websites.
We only share and disclose your information with the following third parties:
-
Advertising, Direct Marketing, a
nd Lead Generation
Google AdSense
-
Allow You to Connect to Their Third
-
Party Accounts
Google Account
-
Functionality and Infrastructure Optimization
Cloud Firestore
-
Invoice and Billing
Apple Pay and Google Wallet
-
Retargeting Platforms
Google Analytics Remarketing
-
Website Performance Monitoring
Crashlytics
-
Website Testing
Google Play Console
8.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access
or store information. Specific information about how We use such technologies and how You
can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice.
9.
Internationa
l transfer of personal data
Our servers are located in the United States of America. If You are accessing our Application
from outside the United States of America, please be aware that Your information may be
transferred to, stored, and processed by us
in our facilities and by those third parties with whom
we may share Your personal information (see "WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH
ANYONE?" above), in the United States of America, and other countries.
If You are a resident in the European Economic
Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK), then these
countries may not necessarily have data protection laws or other similar laws as comprehensive
as those in Your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect Your personal
information in acco
rdance with this privacy notice and applicable law.
European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses:
We have implemented measures to protect Your personal information, including by using the
European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses for trans
fers of personal information
between our group companies and between Us and Our third
-
party providers. These clauses
require all recipients to protect all personal information that they process originating from the
EEA or UK in accordance with European dat
a protection laws and regulations. Our Standard
Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate
safeguards with Our third
-
party service providers and partners and further details can be
provided upon request.
10.
Thir
d Party Websites
The Application may contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with Us and
which may link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee
the safety and privacy of data You provide to
any third parties. Any data collected by third
parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy
and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or
applications tha
t may be linked to or from the App . You should review the policies of such third
parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
11.
Protection of personal data belonging to
children or other people
Since only if You are 18 years of age or older at the time You register on the Application can be
considered You can be considered a user of the Application and can benefit exclusively from
the Services offered by the Application, no personal data of peop
le younger than 18 years old
will be stored and processed.
12.
Data security
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to
protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite Our safegua
rds
and efforts to secure Your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or
information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so We cannot promise
or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third part
ies will not be able to
defeat Our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify Your information. Although
We will do Our best to protect Your personal information, transmission of personal information
to and from Our App is at Your own risk.
You should only access the App within a secure
environment.
13.
Data retention
We will only keep Your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set
out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permit
ted by law (such
as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require Us keeping
Your personal information for longer than six (6) months past the termination of Your Account
.
14.
Controls for do
-
not
-
track features
Most w
eb browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do
-
Not
-
Track ("DNT") feature or setting You can activate to signal Your privacy preference not to
have data about Your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At th
is stage no
uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized.
As such, We do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that
automatically communicates Your choice not to be tracked online
. If a standard for online
tracking is adopted that We must follow in the future, We will inform you about that practice in a
revised version of this privacy notice.
15.
California residents specific privacy rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, als
o known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits You if
you are a California resident to request and obtain from Us, once a year and free of charge,
information about categories of personal information (if any) We disclosed to third parties for
direct marketi
ng purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which We
shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If You are a California
resident and would like to make such a request, please submit Your request in writing
to Us
using the contact information provided below.
If You are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the
Application, You have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on
the Applicati
on. To request removal of such data, please contact Us using the contact
information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account and a
statement that You reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displa
yed on
the Application, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively
removed from all Our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).
16.
Privacy Policy updates
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be i
ndicated by
an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible.
If We make material changes to this privacy notice, We may notify You either by prominently
posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending
You a notification. We encourage You to
review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how We are protecting your information.
17.
Contact us
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at
admin@star.computer or by post to
:
ElThree Inc
1950 W CORPORATE WAY
# 33238
ANAHEIM , CA 92801
United States
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, the "data controller" of your personal
information is ElThree Inc. ElThree Inc has appointed Admin ElThree to be its representative in
the EEA. You can contact them directly regarding the processing of y
our information by ElThree
Inc, by email at admin@star.computer, by visiting
www.star.computer
.
If you are a resident in the United Kingdom, the "data controller" of your personal information is
ElThree Inc. ElT
hree Inc has appointed Admin Elthree to be its representative in the UK. You
can contact them directly regarding the processing of your information by ElThree Inc , by email
at admin@star.computer.
18.
Review, update, or delete the data we
collect from you
Bas
ed on the applicable laws of your country, You may have the right to request access to the
personal information We collect from You, change that information, or delete it in some
circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal informat
ion, please email
at admin@star.computer .