Home
Privacy
Privacy
Tūmataitinga
On this page
Privacy policy
New Zealand Traveller Declaration – Privacy policy
Traveller Declaration website
On this page
Privacy policy
New Zealand Traveller Declaration – Privacy policy
Traveller Declaration website
This privacy information applies to personal information collected through this website.
Purpose
The purpose of this privacy policy is to let users of this website know when we collect personal information and what we may do with it. We don't use, share or disclose personal information collected or received through this website except as set out in this policy.
Scope
This privacy policy applies to personal information collected through our website.
The Traveller Declaration website - www.travellerdeclaration.govt.nz
This privacy policy will explain how the New Zealand Border Agencies will collect, access, and use the personal information provided through the New Zealand Traveller Declaration (NZTD) online and paper forms (the NZTD declaration) to manage the lawful entry of a traveller and their belongings safely and securely into New Zealand.
This policy applies to those individuals who have submitted a declaration using either the NZTD online form or the NZTD paper form available upon arrival in New Zealand.
This policy uses ‘you’ and ‘your’ to refer to the person travelling to New Zealand whose personal information is included in the NZTD declaration.
What is privacy
Privacy is the right to have your personal information used and managed fairly and transparently.
Personal information is defined in the Privacy Act 2020 (the Act) as “information about an identifiable individual”. All of the information collected through the NZTD declaration is considered personal information.
Privacy Act 2020 – New Zealand Legislation
The Act establishes the rules for how personal information must be managed by agencies through the 13 Information Privacy Principles (IPPs). This privacy statement describes how the New Zealand Border Agencies comply with the IPPs, and other legislation that these agencies are subject to where it overrides or changes how the Act applies.
Who is collecting your personal information and under what authority
Each New Zealand Border Agency will collect, use, and disclose your personal information in accordance with their statutory powers and the requirements of the Act. The New Zealand Border Agencies are:
New Zealand Customs Service (NZCS) Te Mana Ārai o Aotearoa
NZCS is responsible for the security of the New Zealand border and the collection of revenue on taxable goods crossing the border.
The Customs and Excise Act 2018 establishes NZCS and its roles and responsibilities. NZCS’ questions in the NZTD online and paper forms are a legal document for the purposes of the Customs (Arriving Passenger and Crew Declarations) Rules 2018. These rules set out the prescribed information travellers arriving in New Zealand must provide for their personal baggage or other effects to be deemed entered under section 75(1) of the Customs and Excise Act.
Customs and Excise Act 2018 – New Zealand Legislation
Immigration New Zealand (INZ) Te Ratonga Manene, a part of the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE) Hīkina Whakatutuki
INZ administers the Immigration Act 2009 and is responsible for the granting of visas, of permission to enter New Zealand, and for confirming the right to reside in New Zealand.
Immigration Act 2009 – New Zealand Legislation
The Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI) Manatū Ahu Matua
MPI administers the Biosecurity Act 1993 and is responsible for managing biosecurity risks and keeping harmful organisms out of New Zealand.
Biosecurity Act 1993 – New Zealand Legislation
How your personal information will be managed
The purposes of collecting personal information through the NZTD declaration are to:
validate the identity of a traveller;
conduct risk assessments and analysis of the information provided upon the travellers arrival in New Zealand;
facilitate lawful entry of an individual and their belongings into New Zealand;
administer the Immigration Act 2009, including decision-making relating to a grant, revocation and/or cancellation of a visa or entry permission;
evaluate and manage any duty owed on incoming goods;
evaluate and manage any biosecurity risks presented by incoming persons and goods; and
test and improve the operation of NZTD systems and related processes.
For information collected through the NZTD online form the following additional purposes apply:
to provide the traveller with targeted information about how they can expect to proceed into New Zealand upon arrival based upon their responses;
to provide the traveller with direct information about their declaration, when requested by the traveller through correspondence and phone calls with contact centre operators;
to confirm whether the traveller is eligible to travel to, and/or enter, New Zealand; and
to conduct risk assessments and analysis of the information provided in advance of the traveller’s arrival in New Zealand.
Find a full list of the questions asked in the NZTD declaration and which agency is able to collect and use the information you provide:
Border agencies collecting information
If you are making a declaration using the NZTD online form all of the information included in your declaration will be accessible to Immigration contact centre operators if you request support with your declaration. Contact centre operators are unable to amend or delete declaration information or to make a declaration submission on behalf of a traveller.
Sharing information with other agencies
Statistics New Zealand Tatauranga Aotearoa
Under
section 26 of the Data and Statistics Act 2022
, NZCS is making a mandatory request for data from you via the NZTD declaration on behalf of Statistics New Zealand. The data to which this request relates includes:
If you live in New Zealand:
What country you spent the most time in while overseas
The main reason for your trip overseas
Which country you will mostly live in for the next 12 months;
If you do not live in New Zealand:
Whether you intend to stay in New Zealand permanently (and if so, for how long)
Your main reason for coming to New Zealand
In which country you last lived for 12 months or more.
The information you provide contributes to important international travel and migration statistics for New Zealand. This is why you have a legal obligation to answer all questions as requested. It is an offence to fail or refuse to respond. For more information, call 0800 809 464 or visit the
Statistics New Zealand website
.
Ministry of Health Manatū Hauora and Health New Zealand Te Whatu Ora
Under
Parts 3 and 4 of the Health Act 1956
the Ministry of Health and Health New Zealand Te Whatu Ora (together Health) are authorised to monitor and manage incoming health threats such as infectious diseases and exposures to hazardous materials.
To support the monitoring of such risks at the New Zealand border NZCS shares the following information for every arriving traveller with Health:
Date, time, and port of arrival into New Zealand;
Date, time, and port of departure;
Occupation;
List of the countries you have been to outside of New Zealand in the last 30 days;
If you live in New Zealand:
What country you spent the most time in while overseas;
If you do not live in New Zealand:
In which country you last lived for 12 months or more;
If you arrive in New Zealand by air, NZCS will also share your Flight number.
Sharing this information assists Health to monitor potential health threats and to target contact tracing efforts towards individuals who may have been exposed to a health threat during their transit to New Zealand. For more information, call 0800 400 569 or visit the
Health website
.
Information collected through the NZTD declaration may be shared with other agencies to administer health, wildlife, police, fine enforcement, justice, benefits, social service, electoral, inland revenue, and currency laws. Information may be shared under exceptions in the Privacy Act, including for the purposes of law enforcement or to address a threat to public health or public safety.
Retention and disposal of your information
The NZTD systems are managed and operated on behalf of the Border Agencies by NZCS and MBIE, who are responsible for the security of the information held in these systems. These systems are hosted in New Zealand and in Australia. Under certain limited circumstances (e.g. providing services, maintenance, support, troubleshooting requests, and/or business continuity purposes), information may be stored or accessed by authorised service providers in countries outside New Zealand and Australia.
Information collected through the NZTD paper form will be digitised after your arrival and retained in digital format. Information collected through both the NZTD online and paper forms will be retained in a non-identifiable format for system performance and reporting purposes.
Information arising from interactions with Border Agencies upon arrival in New Zealand will be retained by the appropriate Border Agency and may include information submitted through the NZTD declaration. Information will be retained and disposed of in accordance with each Border Agency’s obligations under the Public Records Act 2005.
Additional information for if you are arriving in New Zealand on a maritime vessel
If you arrive in New Zealand by sea and have not completed the NZTD declaration using the online form prior to your arrival, border officials may provide you with a secure device which you may use to complete your NZTD declaration. Paper forms are also available.
You will not be able to amend your NZTD declaration using the NZTD online form once your declaration has been seen by a border official for the first time. You may still inform a border official of any subsequent changes to the information you declared, which the border official will be able to record.
If you do not permanently disembark from your maritime vessel during your time in New Zealand, you will still need to complete a declaration, but some questions in the declaration will not be asked or may be voluntary.
Those traveller’s arriving in New Zealand as crew members of a maritime vessel may meet their obligations to NZCS by completing a NZTD digital declaration or by completing the paper forms which will still be available.
Completing a declaration on behalf of another person
A person may complete a declaration for another person who is travelling to New Zealand. It is the responsibility of the person completing the declaration on behalf of a traveller to obtain the consent of the traveller before doing so. It is the responsibility of both the person completing the declaration and the traveller to ensure the information provided in the declaration is correct and accurate.
When completing a declaration on behalf of another traveller, the name and contact information of the person completing the declaration will be collected and may be used as described in this statement. A copy of the declaration, including the details of the person who completed it, will be available to the traveller.
Your access to your information
If you have completed a declaration using the NZTD online form, you may access and amend your declaration at any time before you arrive in New Zealand and present your passport to a border official or an eGate system. If you complete an NZTD paper form this will be collected from you before you leave your port of arrival.
Should you wish to access your personal information submitted in your declaration after this time you may contact NZCS using the details below.
Under the Act you are entitled to request access to any information an agency holds about you, and to request correction of this information if you believe it to be incorrect. You may do this by contacting the relevant agency directly using the details below. You may be asked to provide proof of your identity when you do so.
Contacting Border Agencies
You can contact NZCS to request access to or correction of any of your information held by NZCS using the details found on their website:
Privacy – New Zealand Customs
You can contact INZ to request access to or correction of any of your information held by INZ using the details found on their website:
Request or change your personal information – Immigration New Zealand
You can contact the MPI to request access to or correction of any of your information held by MPI using the details found on their website:
Access rights to information about you – Ministry for Primary Industries
Collection, storage and use
You can use www.travellerdeclaration.govt.nz without disclosing any personal information.
Collection of personal information
We may ask or require you to provide some personal information if you contact us by email.
Holding of information
When you provide personal information, unless otherwise indicated, it will be held by us. It may be stored or accessed on behalf of us by authorised third parties (such as third-party contractors) to the extent that is necessary, for example for them to respond to your query. We will store and keep your personal information secure in accordance with the Privacy Act 2020 and any agents will be subject to our information security and privacy requirements.
Use of personal information
We will generally only use personal information provided to us through this website for the purpose you provided it (for example, to administer, evaluate and improve the site, to improve our services, or to action or respond to the information provided). We may also use personal information provided to us through this website for other reasons permitted under the Privacy Act (for example, with your consent, for a directly related purpose, or where the law permits or requires it).
Disclosure of information
We will generally not share personal information that is provided or collected through this website, unless it is necessary to do so for the purpose for which you gave us the information (for example, to investigate a complaint) or where you consent. We will not otherwise disclose personal information provided or collected through this website unless required or otherwise permitted by law.
Records and retention of personal information
We will only retain personal information as long as it is required for the purposes for which the information may lawfully be used.
Public records
Where any information (which may include personal information) provided to, or through, this site constitutes public records, it will be retained to the extent required by the Public Records Act 2005.
We may also be required to disclose information under the Official Information Act 1982 or to a Parliamentary Select Committee or Parliament in response to a Parliamentary Question.
Security
Our websites have security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. To maintain the cyber security of our systems and information, our systems are subject to ongoing monitoring (including activity logging), analysis and auditing.
We may use information about your use of our websites and other IT systems to prevent unauthorised access or attacks on these systems or to resolve such events. We may use this information even if you are not involved in such activity.
We may use services from one or more third party suppliers to monitor or maintain the cyber security of our systems and information. These third party suppliers will have access to monitoring and logging information as well as information processed on our websites and other IT systems.
Rights of access and correction
You have the right to:
find out from us whether we hold personal information about you
access that information; and, if applicable
request corrections of that information
If we have a good reason for refusing a request for correction, you are entitled to request that a statement be attached to the information of the correction that was sought but not made.
If you want to check personal information that we hold, please write to:
Privacy Officer
Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment
PO Box 5488
Wellington 6011.
For more information on the privacy laws in New Zealand and contact details for the Office of the Privacy Commissioner, visit the
Privacy Commissioner's website
.
Collecting statistical information using cookies via Google Analytics
We may use cookies to gather data about trends in website usage using a tool called Google Analytics. This data will be viewable by website administrators and certain other staff. It may also be shared with other government agencies. This information is aggregated and it does not identify you personally.
Cookies
Browser or web cookies are small text files that are sent by a website and stored on your computer's hard drive to collect information about how you browse the website.
Cookies are used to:
measure how you use the website so it can be updated and improved based on your needs
remember the notifications you’ve seen so that we don’t show them to you again
You can read Google’s privacy statement at the
Google Safety Center
.
You can manually disable cookies at any time. Check your browser's 'Help' to find out how (disabling cookies will not affect your ability to use this website).
Data collected may include:
your IP address
the search terms you used on this site
the pages you accessed on this site and the links you clicked on
the date and time you visited this site
the referring site (if any) from which you clicked to reach this site
the device you used to access this site
your operating system (for example, Windows 10, Mac OS X)
the type of web browser you used to access this site (for example, Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome)
other things like your screen resolution, the release of your installed Flash version and the language setting of your browser.
Last updated:
10th October 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/2020/0031/latest/LMS23223.html:
New Zealand Legislation
List of access keys
Skip to main content
Advanced search
Browse
About this site
How the site works
Contact us
News
Site map
Glossary
Access keys
Accessibility
Copyright
Privacy
Disclaimer
About legislation
Home
Advanced search
Browse
About this
                                site
Web feeds
Tagged sections/clauses
Printing order
Quick search
HelpQuickSearch
?
Type
Acts
Bills
Secondary legislation
Other Instruments
All
Text
title
content
HelpDRegQuickSearch
?
My recent searches
Ready-made feeds
Document list
Click to subscribe:
Remove all
Feed name
Days (1-90)
Cancel
Recreate an existing web feed
To reload a previous document list or search, copy and paste your existing web feed URL into the field below, and press the Recreate button.
URL
Recreate an existing web feed
Learn more about web feeds...
Close
Order commercially printed copies from Print Legislation
Remove all
Learn more about ordering prints...
Learn more about printing your own copies...
Close
Get quote
Privacy Act 2020
If you need more information about this Act, please contact the administering agency:
Ministry of Justice
Search within this Act
By sections
View whole (903KB)
Versions and amendments
Secondary legislation
Add to web feed
Order a commercial print
Print/Download PDF [1.0MB]
Contents
Previous section
Next section
Tag section
Remove
Previous hit
Next hit
Version as at 26 January 2025
Privacy Act 2020
Public Act
2020 No 31
Date of assent
30 June 2020
Commencement
see section 2
Note
The Parliamentary Counsel Office has made editorial and format changes to this version using the powers under
subpart 2
of Part 3 of the Legislation Act 2019.
Note 4 at the end of this version provides a list of the amendments included in it.
This Act is administered by the
Ministry of Justice
.
Contents
1
Title
2
Commencement
Part 1
Preliminary provisions
Subpart 1—Preliminary matters
3
Purpose of this Act
4
Application of this Act
5
Transitional, savings, and related provisions
6
Act binds the Crown
Subpart 2—Interpretation and related matters
7
Interpretation
8
Meaning of New Zealand agency
9
Meaning of overseas agency
10
Personal information held by agency if held by officer, employee, or member of agency
11
Personal information treated as being held by another agency in certain circumstances
12
Actions of, and disclosure of information to, staff of agency, etc
Part 2
Privacy Commissioner
Subpart 1—Appointment of Privacy Commissioner
13
Privacy Commissioner
14
Deputy Privacy Commissioner
15
Holding of other offices
16
Superannuation or retiring allowances
Subpart 2—Functions of Privacy Commissioner
17
Functions of Commissioner
18
Other functions of Commissioner
19
Responsible Minister must present copy of report on operation of Act to House of Representatives
20
Duty to act independently
21
Commissioner to have regard to certain matters
Part 3
Information privacy principles and codes of practice
Subpart 1—Information privacy principles
22
Information privacy principles
23
Application of IPPs in relation to information held overseas
24
Relationships between IPPs and other New Zealand law
25
IPPs 1 to 4 do not apply to personal information collected before 1 July 1993
26
Restricted application of IPP 13 to unique identifiers assigned before 1 July 1993
27
Restricted application of IPPs to personal information collected or held for personal or domestic affairs
28
IPPs 2, 3, and 4(b) do not apply to personal information collected by intelligence and security agencies
29
IPPs 6 and 7 do not apply to certain information
30
Commissioner may authorise collection, use, storage, or disclosure of personal information otherwise in breach of IPP 2 or IPPs 9 to 12
31
Enforceability of IPPs
Subpart 2—Codes of practice
32
Codes of practice in relation to IPPs
33
Issue of code of practice
34
Urgent issue of code of practice
35
Commencement of code
36
Application of Legislation Act 2019 to codes
37
Amendment and revocation of codes of practice
38
Effect of codes of practice
Part 4
Access to and correction of personal information
Subpart 1—Access to personal information
39
Interpretation
40
Individuals may make IPP 6 request
41
Urgency
42
Assistance
43
Transfer of IPP 6 request
44
Responding to IPP 6 request
45
Decision to grant access to personal information
46
Decision to refuse access to personal information
47
Decision to neither confirm nor deny personal information is held
48
Extension of time limits
49
Protection, etc, of individual as reason for refusing access to personal information
50
Evaluative material as reason for refusing access to personal information
51
Security, defence, international relations as reason for refusing access to personal information
52
Trade secret as reason for refusing access to personal information
53
Other reasons for refusing access to personal information
54
Agency may impose conditions instead of refusing access to personal information
55
Withholding personal information contained in document
56
Ways personal information in document may be made available
57
Responsibilities of agency before giving access to personal information
Subpart 2—Correction of personal information
58
Interpretation
59
Individuals may make correction requests
60
Urgency
61
Assistance
62
Transfer of correction request
63
Decision on request to correct personal information
64
Decision on request to attach statement of correction
65
Extension of time limits
Subpart 3—Charges
66
Charges
67
Commissioner may authorise public sector agency to impose charge
Part 5
Complaints, investigations, and proceedings
68
Interpretation
69
Interference with privacy of individual
Subpart 1—Complaints
70
Complaints
71
Who may make complaint
72
Form of complaint
73
Procedure on receipt of complaint
74
Commissioner may decide not to investigate complaint
75
Referral of complaint to another person
76
Referral of complaint to overseas privacy enforcement authority
77
Exploring possibility of settlement and assurance without investigating complaint
78
Referral of complaint to Director without conducting investigation
Subpart 2—Investigations by Commissioner
79
Application of this subpart
80
Commencing investigation
81
Conducting investigation
82
Commissioner may regulate own procedure
83
Exploring possibility of settlement and assurance during investigation
84
Referral of complaint to Director without completing investigation
85
Compulsory conferences of parties to complaint
86
Power to summon persons
87
Power to require information and documents
88
Disclosure of information may be required despite obligation of secrecy
89
Protection and privileges of persons required to provide information, etc
90
Disclosed information privileged
91
Procedure after completion of investigation relating to access to personal information
92
Access direction
93
Procedure after completion of investigation relating to charging
94
Procedure after completion of other investigations
95
Special procedure relating to intelligence and security agency
96
Commissioner to report breach of duty or misconduct
Subpart 3—Proceedings before Human Rights Review Tribunal
Proceedings in relation to complaints or investigations
97
Director may commence proceedings in Tribunal
98
Aggrieved individuals may commence proceedings in Tribunal
99
Right of Director to appear in proceedings commenced under section 98
100
Apology not admissible except for assessment of remedies
101
Onus of proof
102
Remedies in respect of interference with privacy
103
Damages
Access order
104
Enforcement of access direction
Appeal against access direction
105
Appeal to Tribunal against access direction
106
Time for lodging appeal
107
Interim order suspending Commissioner’s direction pending appeal
108
Determination of appeal
Miscellaneous
109
Proceedings involving access to personal information
110
Costs
111
Certain provisions of Human Rights Act 1993 to apply
Part 6
Notifiable privacy breaches and compliance notices
Subpart 1—Notifiable privacy breaches
112
Interpretation
113
Assessment of likelihood of serious harm being caused by privacy breach
114
Agency to notify Commissioner of notifiable privacy breach
115
Agency to notify affected individual or give public notice of notifiable privacy breach
116
Exceptions to or delay in complying with requirement to notify affected individuals or give public notice of notifiable privacy breach
117
Requirements for notification
118
Offence to fail to notify Commissioner
119
Section 211 does not apply to processes and proceedings relating to failure to notify notifiable privacy breach
120
Liability for actions of
officers, employees,
agents, and members of agencies
121
Knowledge of
officers,
employees, agents, and members of agencies to be treated as knowledge of employers, principal agencies, and agencies
122
Publication of identity of agencies in certain circumstances
Subpart 2—Compliance notices
123
Compliance notices
124
Issuing compliance notice
125
Form of compliance notice
126
Agency response to compliance notice
127
Commissioner may vary or cancel compliance notice
128
Commissioner’s power to obtain information
129
Publication of details of compliance notice
Proceedings
130
Enforcement of compliance notice
131
Appeal against compliance notice or Commissioner’s decision to vary or cancel notice
132
Interim order suspending compliance notice pending appeal
133
Remedies, costs, and enforcement
134
Application of Human Rights Act 1993
135
Commissioner may be represented in proceedings
Part 7
Sharing, accessing, and matching personal information
Subpart 1—Information sharing
136
Purpose of this subpart
137
Relationship between subpart 1 and other law relating to information disclosure
138
Interpretation
139
Information sharing between agencies
140
Information sharing within agencies
141
Parties to information sharing agreement
142
Agreement may apply to classes of agencies
143
Lead agency
144
Form and content of information sharing agreement
145
Governor-General may approve information sharing agreement by Order in Council
146
Requirements for Order in Council
147
Further provisions about Order in Council
148
Status of Order in Council
[Repealed]
149
Matters to which relevant Minister must have regard before recommending Order in Council
150
Consultation on proposed information sharing agreement
151
Commissioner may prepare and publish report on approved information sharing agreement
152
Requirement to give notice of adverse action
153
When requirement to give notice of adverse action applies
154
Responsibilities of lead agency
155
Report of lead agency
156
Commissioner may specify frequency of reporting by lead agency
157
Amendment of approved information sharing agreement
158
Review of operation of approved information sharing agreement
159
Report on findings of review
160
Relevant Minister must present copy of report under section 159(1) and report setting out Government’s response to House of Representatives
161
Power to amend Schedule 2 by Order in Council
Subpart 2—Identity information
162
Purpose of this subpart
163
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
164
Interpretation
165
Access by agencies to identity information
166
Manner and form of access
167
Annual reporting requirement
168
Power to amend Schedule 3 by Order in Council
Subpart 3—Law enforcement information
169
Purpose of this subpart
170
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
171
Interpretation
172
Access by accessing agencies to law enforcement information
173
Power to amend Schedule 4 by Order in Council
Subpart 4—Authorised information matching programmes
174
Purpose of this subpart
175
Application of this subpart
176
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
177
Interpretation
178
Information matching agreements
179
Use of results of authorised information matching programme
180
Extension of time limit
181
Notice of adverse action proposed
182
Reporting requirements
183
Reports on authorised information matching programmes
184
Reports on information matching provisions
185
Responsible Minister must present copy of report under section 184 and report setting out Government’s response to House of Representatives
186
Avoidance of controls on information matching through use of exceptions to information privacy principles
187
Avoidance of controls on information matching through use of official information statutes
188
Power to amend Schedule 5 by Order in Council
189
Power to amend Schedule 6 by Order in Council
190
Amendments to other enactments related to this subpart
[Repealed]
191
Repeal of section 190 and Schedule 7
Part 8
Prohibiting onward transfer of personal information received in New Zealand from overseas
192
Interpretation
193
Prohibition on transfer of personal information outside New Zealand
194
Commissioner’s power to obtain information
195
Transfer prohibition notice
196
Commissioner may vary or cancel transfer prohibition notice
197
Offence in relation to transfer prohibition notice
198
Appeals against transfer prohibition notice
199
Application of Human Rights Act 1993
200
Power to amend Schedule 8 by Order in Council
Part 9
Miscellaneous provisions
General
201
Privacy officers
201A
Responsibility under Parts 4 to 6 for interdepartmental executive board
202
Commissioner may require agency to supply information
203
Inquiries
204
Powers relating to declaratory judgments
205
Protection against certain actions
206
Commissioner and staff to maintain secrecy
207
Commissioner may share information with overseas privacy enforcement authority
208
Consultation
209
Exclusion of public interest immunity
210
Adverse comment
Liability and offences
211
Liability of employers, principals, and agencies
212
Offences
Regulations
213
Regulations: prescribed binding schemes
214
Regulations: prescribed countries
215
Other regulations
Repeal, revocation, and consequential amendments
216
Repeal and revocation
217
Consequential amendments
[Repealed]
218
Repeal of section 217 and Schedule 9
Schedule 1
Transitional, savings, and related provisions
Schedule 2
Approved information sharing agreements
Schedule 3
Identity information
Schedule 4
Law enforcement information
Schedule 5
Information matching provisions
Schedule 6
Information matching rules
Schedule 7
Amendments to other enactments related to subpart 4 of Part 7
[Repealed]
Schedule 8
Basic principles of national application set out in Part Two of OECD Guidelines
Schedule 9
Consequential amendments
[Repealed]
Notes
The Parliament of New Zealand enacts as follows:
The Parliamentary Counsel Office
www.govt.nz
Home
Advanced search
Browse
About this site
Contact us
News
Site map
Glossary
Accessibility
Copyright
Privacy
Disclaimer
Sub-policy 1
https://www.customs.govt.nz/about-us/privacy/:
Skip to main content
Travel to and from New Zealand
Travelling to New Zealand
Non-scheduled flights and private flights
Duty free shopping
Human remains/ashes and placenta
Medicines
Electronic device examinations
Leaving New Zealand
Travel to and from New Zealand by small craft
Border processing levies
Border Cash Report
Send and receive items
Customs Number
Prohibited and restricted exports
Find your parcel
Send mail by post or courier
Send items overseas
Receive items from overseas
Tobacco
Move to NZ permanently
Household effects
Wearing apparel and personal effects
Bringing pets and animals into New Zealand
Vehicles, Vessels and Aircraft
Duty and GST
Duty and allowances
Gifts, Inheritance and Taonga
What's My Duty estimator
Duty and GST refunds
Duty and GST FAQs
Prohibited and restricted items
Agricultural items
Equipment for smoking or taking drugs
Firearms and weapons
Objectionable material
Children's crayons, finger paints and watercolour paints
Endangered species
Radio transmitters/telecommunication equipment
Online shopping
What to do when bringing items into New Zealand
Customs rates of exchange
False or incomplete declarations
Return your item
Allowances and charges
Paying Customs
Import
Start importing
Import Prohibited and restricted imports
Import animals
Tobacco
Commercial vessels
Cruise ship operators
Valuation for import
Lodge your import entry
Preferential tariff duty rates
Customs rulings
Customs rates of exchange
Import payments
MyCustoms Account
Deferred accounts for importers
Deferred accounts for brokers
Refunds and drawbacks
Split shipments
Import forms and documents
Export
Certificate of New Zealand Origin
Start exporting
Export Prohibitions and restrictions
Export animals
Lodge your export entry
Export payments and refunds
Clear your exports
Mutual Recognition Arrangements
Secure Exports Scheme
Export forms and documents
Paying Customs - Business
Broker with a deferred account
Broker Goods Clearance Fees Accounts
Broker paying on behalf of the customer
Broker payment of deposit for temporary import/Sight entry
Customs duties
Duty payers, including excise clients
Goods Clearance Fees Account
Importers with deferred accounts
Excise
What is excise?
Apply for a licence
Lodge your excise entry
Claim excise duty remission or refund
Pay excise duty and other charges
Apply for excise duty credit or drawback
Moving excisable items
Changing, suspending or cancelling your licence
Amend, surrender or transfer your licence
Change your entry or payment timeframe
Excise forms and documents
Excise Duty Estimator
Duty-free alcohol permits
Penalties, fines and fees
Administrative penalties
Compensatory interest
Compliance under the Act
Detained, forfeited and seized goods
Infringement Notices
Interest and penalties for unpaid duty
Late payment penalties
Tariffs
Working Tariff Document
Tariff concessions
Tariff concession notices
Consolidated List of Approvals
Preferential tariffs
Tariff ruling request
Tariff classifications and rates
Non-tariff barriers
Free Trade Agreements
Trade Single Window (TSW)
Getting started
Latest news
Current TSW status
Urgent Clearance
Summary of TSW Messages
Location of goods codes
Resource material
Domestic Transhipment Request
Doing business with Customs
Storing business records
Reviews and appeals
Customs-controlled Areas
About Customs
Who we are
What we do
Our history
Corporate Publications
Detector Dog Unit
Service charter and standards
Goods fees and hourly rate
Customs regulatory systems
Border Executive Board
About the Border Executive Board
Released Information
Contact the Board
New Zealand Traveller Declaration
Resources for our air partners
Resources for our cruise partners
Language resources
Customs careers
Customs operational policy
Information releases
Briefing to the Incoming Minister
Cabinet material
Comptroller's expenses
Corporate documents
External Reports/Research
Information Disclosure Agreements
Official Information Act requests
Regulatory impact statements
Infringements
Infringements offences
Payments and your rights
Infringement Notices FAQs
Brochures and forms
Legislation
Customs & Excise Act 2018
Customs bills
Customs rules
Direct Access Agreements
International agreements
Legislation used by Customs
Legal documents
Regulations
News
Important notices
Media releases
Social Media posts
Website privacy statement
Careers
Sitemap
Statistics
Passenger statistics
OIA Statistics 2024
OIA Statistics 2023
OIA Statistics 2022
OIA Statistics 2021
OIA Statistics 2020
OIA Statistics 2019
OIA Statistics 2018
OIA Statistics 2017
OIA Statistics 2016
Drug interceptions
Non-drug interceptions
Subscribe to Customs Release
Travel movements request
Using our website
Copyright
Accessibility
Website vulnerability
Your information
Your personal information
Customs information
Your data journey
FAQs
Transparency Statement
Search
Search
Home
About us
Website privacy statement
About us
About Customs
Border Executive Board
New Zealand Traveller Declaration
Customs careers
Customs operational policy
Information releases
Infringements
Legislation
News
Website privacy statement
Careers
Sitemap
Statistics
Subscribe to Customs Release
Travel movements request
Using our website
Your information
Website privacy statement
General Information
This privacy notice applies to personal information collected by us through the use of this website.
The information on this page is specifically about data collected via your use of this website. More general material about privacy and how Customs collects, uses, and discloses data is available at
Your Personal Information
.
Collecting personal information
This website does not require you to enter any personal information. However, certain pages allow you to do so that we can contact you/verify the information you provide.
In addition, we may collect statistical information which is aggregated and doesn't identify you personally. It includes:
your IP address
the search terms you used
the pages you visited on our site and the links you clicked on
the date and time you visited the site
the referring site (if any) from which you clicked through to this site
your operating system, for example Windows 10, Mac OS X
the type of web browser you use, such as Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox
other things like your screen resolution and the language setting of your browser.
Purpose of collection and use of information
The statistical information referred to above is collected to help us improve this website and your interactions with it.
Who may see your information?
The statistical information you provide us is viewable by site administrators, certain staff of Customs, and third party contractors providing services to Customs for the purposes above.
Use of Cookies
This website uses 'cookies', which are small files that may be placed on your hard disk for record-keeping purposes.
A cookie allows us to remember who you are. Cookies can make your subsequent visits to the web page simpler and more seamless. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, by not accepting cookies, some web pages may not display properly or you may not be permitted to access certain information.
Security
This website has security measures in place to prevent the loss, unlawful access, use, modification, disclosure, or other misuse of information, as consistent with good practice.
In order to maintain the cyber security of our systems and information, our systems are subject to ongoing monitoring (including activity logging), analysis and auditing.
We may use information about your use of this website and/or other IT systems to prevent unauthorised access or attacks on these systems or to resolve such events. We may use this information even if you are not involved in such activity.
We may utilise services from one or more third party suppliers to monitor and maintain cyber security of its systems and information.
These third party suppliers will have access to monitoring and logging information as well as any information provided through this website.
Use of this website and/or other IT systems implies acceptance of being monitored.
Access to personal information we hold about you
Under the
Privacy Act 2020
, you have the right to ask us to access any information that we hold about you and to request correction to that information where it is incorrect.
You can find out more via the pages below:
Accessing your personal information
Correcting your personal information
Further enquiries should be made in writing to:
Correspondence, Reviews, and Ministerial Servicing Team
New Zealand Customs Service
PO Box 2218
Wellington 6140
Email:
privacyrequests@customs.govt.nz
If you have a privacy complaint
If you have a privacy-related concern about how we have managed your personal information you may contact, in writing, our Privacy Officer:
The Privacy Officer
New Zealand Customs Service
PO Box 2218
Wellington 6140
Email:
privacyofficer@customs.govt.nz
If you prefer, or if you're not satisfied with our response to any privacy-related concern you may have, you can contact the Privacy Commissioner directly.
Office of the Privacy Commissioner
PO Box 10094
Wellington 6143
Freephone: 0800 803 909
Phone: +64 4 474 7590
Email:
enquiries@privacy.org.nz
Website:
www.privacy.org.nz
For more information on privacy in general, please email our
Privacy Team
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.privacy.org.nz/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Nau mai, haere mai
Your privacy is precious; let us help you protect it.
Speaker applications are open for Privacy Week 2025
Privacy Amendment Bill – what you need to know
Biometrics Code consultation
Use our response calculator
Send an enquiry
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
Notify Us of a breach
Make a privacy complaint
What's new on the website?
down arrow
Make a privacy complaint
We're keen to work with New Zealanders to get their privacy queries and complaints sorted quickly and fairly. Before you complain to us, you need to
complain directly to the business or organisation that you feel has breached your privacy.
If you haven’t been able to work out your privacy issue with them,
then you can complain to us
. We aim to ensure that you're treated fairly, whatever your background or circumstances. We work in accordance with the Human Rights Act 1993.
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
(external link)
.
Use our Response Date Calculator for access and correction requests
.
Answer your questions about privacy breaches
.
Fill in our online enquiry form
.
Make a privacy complaint to us
(external link)
.
We review all the complaints we receive. If we can resolve them quickly, we will. If your case requires a complicated or comprehensive investigation, then owing to high volumes, the wait time for an investigator is up to six months.
Privacy Amendment Bill: what you need to know
The Privacy Amendment Bill is making its way through Parliament, and we know organisations are starting to think about how this will impact them. We’ve put together key information on the Bill, which we’ll update as it progresses.
Read more about our upcoming guidance, how you can be involved or ask for what you need, and what the timing looks like for this work
(external link)
.
Agencies: report a data breach
If you're an organisation and have a privacy breach that is likely to cause anyone serious harm, you are legally required to notify us and any affected persons as soon as you can.
As a guide, our expectation is that a breach notification should be made to our Office no later than 72 hours after agencies are aware of a notifiable privacy breach.
Work out whether you need to notify us
.
How long is 72 hours
(external link)
?
Do I need to notify my privacy breach
(external link)
?
Notify Us of a privacy breach
Commissioner to proceed with biometrics privacy code
The Privacy Commissioner will proceed with developing a privacy code of practice to create specific rules for agencies using biometrics.
We’ve made several important changes to the draft code since our last consultation and are giving people a further chance to have their say. Consultation is open now until 14 March 2025.
Learn more about the code and have your say
(external link)
.
Use our free e-learning tools
We can help you and your workmates learn about privacy, or sharpen your skills with our free e-learning tools. There are 10 free courses to choose from, and they are all run as online learning modules. Learn at your own pace and receive a certificate of completion.
Topics range
from Privacy 101 to specialist topics like health and education. You can learn more about reporting privacy breaches, approved information sharing agreements (AISA) and more.
Get learning with our e-learning modules
(external link)
.
Our news and views
Read our latest media releases and news.
Subscribe to Privacy News, our free monthly newsletter.
See case notes and court decisions.
Order free brochures for your customers or clients.