WORDBOX TERMS OF USE
The mobile application “Wordbox”, along with its services, features, content and functions (together, “Services”) is available at
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wordbox.ai
and is owned, offered and operated by
Wordbox, Inc.
, a C-Corporation registered in the State of Delaware under File Number 3416680 and registered office at 2035 Sunset Lake Road, Suite B-2, Newark, Newcastle 19702. (hereafter “Wordbox”, “we” or “us”).
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE ALONG WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING OUR SERVICES. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY SUCH TERMS, YOU ARE ADVISED NOT TO CONTINUE USING OUR SERVICES ANY LONGER.
DETAILS OF SERVICES OFFERED
Wordbox is, as we like to put it, “the TikTok of language learning”. In an attempt to make learning of new languages fun and enjoyable across all age groups, Wordbox offers its users a one-of-a-kind personalised learning opportunity via user-centric interactions based on popular media entertainment content.  Currently our Services are offered completely free of cost to anyone and everyone interested in learning. We may add some premium features in our Services at a later stage which will be made accessible on payment. In order to receive timely updates about our upcoming premium features, please ensure you have a registered user account with us that is active and available for receiving notifications. We do not store any financial information of any user and accept no liability for any error in any third-party payment gateway under any circumstances whatsoever. In case you have any question about the premium features, feel free to reach out to us using the contact details given below.
REGISTRATION OF USER ACCOUNT
In order to successfully use Wordbox Services, you must be at least 13 years of age and must complete the registration process by creating a unique user account with your first name, last name and email address. You must not use any other person's account to access the Services. You must not allow any other person to use your account to access the Services. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account login information and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorised use, or suspected unauthorised use of your account or any other breach of security. Wordbox cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements. If you choose to delete your account, please contact us or simply discontinue using the Services.
APP CONTENT LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER
All content displayed by and through Wordbox Services including but not limited to the text, graphics, designs, photographs, audio, videos, typefaces, look and feel, format, and the like (
collectively, “App Content”), is owned and/or duly licensed by Wordbox and other third-party educational / entertainment service providers, and are protected by international laws on patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks (whether registered or unregistered), domain names and other applicable rights. Your acceptance of these Terms of Use will grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, worldwide licence to use such App Content strictly in relation to the personal non-commercial usage of our Services. Notwithstanding the above, Wordbox hereby disclaims any and all rights and claims to the copyright or any other right over any third-party educational or entertainment content featured in the App Content unless expressly specified otherwise.
ADDITIONAL USER CONTENT
In addition to the above, certain features of our Services may also allow and encourage the user to post, link, share, publish and otherwise make available certain content (“User Content”) for better learning. You are solely responsible for such User Content and hereby ensure that it does not offend any third-party rights, including but not limited to any applicable intellectual property rights, privacy rights, publicity rights, contractual rights and does not in any way be considered against applicable laws. Wordbox
does not and cannot review all User Content posted or sent by users, and shall not be held responsible for the same under any circumstances whatsoever. We reserve the right, but are not obligated to, delete, modify, edit or update any User Content that we, in our sole discretion, deem to be in violation of these Terms of Use or deem to be otherwise unacceptable. Notwithstanding the above, by accepting these Terms of Use you grant us the right and license to use, modify, display and distribute such User Content by and through the Services and make it available to other users, who may also use such User Content subject to these Terms of Use.
COPYRIGHT POLICY
If you believe there has been any unauthorised uploading or sharing of your Content by or through our Services amounting to copyright infringement, please get in touch with us immediately in accordance with the procedure set forth below. We value the intellectual property rights of all copyright holders and will process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and promise to take appropriate actions under applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement.
For us to process your complaint as a notice pursuant to the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act 17 U.S.C. §512(c), a notification of the claimed copyright infringement should be emailed to Wordbox’s Copyright Agent at:
biz@wordbox.ai
with the subject line “DMCA Takedown Request” and containing the following information:
a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
a detailed description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Website, so as to assist us with prompt identification;
your postal address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
If you believe that we have removed any of your Content that was not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to upload and use the material in or through your user account, you may send a written counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent:
identification of the Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the Content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
your physical or electronic signature;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that the Content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the Content; and
your name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the court(s) in London and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by our Copyright Agent, Wordbox will send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed Content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the Content provider or user, the removed Content may be replaced, or access to it restored in due time at our sole discretion.
ACCEPTABLE USE OF SERVICES
In order
to maximise your user experience in using the Services, and avoid, eliminate or minimise disruptive activities, we kindly ask you to maintain the following:
do not use the Services in any way or take any action that may undermine, disrupt, damage or manipulate its working functionality, performance, availability or accessibility;
do not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify or create derivative works of the Services, or any updates or any part thereof;
do not upload, distribute or otherwise publish through the Services any content that is libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal or otherwise objectionable;
do not use the Services in any manner that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
do not impersonate any person or entity, misrepresent any affiliation with another person, entity, or association, use false IP addresses or headers, or otherwise conceal your identity for any purpose;
do not violate, plagiarise, or infringe on the rights of third parties, including without limitation copyright, trademark, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other proprietary rights;
do not use data collected from the Services for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and direct mailing).
SUSPENSION OF SERVICE
Wordbox
reserves the right to suspend and/or terminate any of the offered Services with or without notice, and shall have no liability or responsibility to you in any manner whatsoever if it chooses to do so. All provisions of these Terms of Use which by their nature should survive such suspension or termination shall survive, including, without limitation, intellectual property ownership, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND ADVERTISEMENTS
Wordbox
may occasionally provide
external links and advertisements submitted by or directed towards third party website and
services
. Unless expressly stated otherwise, such advertisements do not signify that Wordbox endorses and/or is associated with such third-party websites and services in any manner
including, but not limited to, the content, accuracy, quality, nature, appropriateness, decency, functionality, performance, reliability, completeness, timeliness, validity, safety, legality or any other aspect thereof
.
We accept no responsibility for third party advertisements contained within the Services. If you agree to purchase goods and/or services from any third party who advertises in
this
Services, you do so at your own risk and these Terms of Use
remain
no longer applicable.
Wordbox works with the following third parties to deliver ads in our mobile application. For more information about their collections and use of your information visit the corresponding address:
Applovin -
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Meta Audience Network -
https://free.facebook.com/privacy/policy/#
Chartboost -
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Pangle -
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Ironsource -
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
By using the Wordbox Services, you hereby acknowledge and agree that such usage is at your sole risk and responsibility. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Wordbox is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, all warranties of quality, accuracy, completeness, reliability, conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement. Wordbox does not warrant that the products and services offered through the Services will meet your specific requirements, that the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the Services will be free from viruses or similar harmful matter or that any defects in the Services will be immediately corrected. In view of the same, changing or updating of existing information in the Services may happen at our sole discretion with or without prior notice. No oral or written communication offered by Wordbox will create any warranty for this purpose.
Under no circumstances will Wordbox any of its directors, shareholders, employees and agents be liable for any incidental, consequential, or indirect damages including, but not limited to, business interruption, damages for loss of profit, loss of data, loss of goodwill and the like arising out of the use or inability of use of the service/ information provided on or downloaded from the Services, or any delay in the processing of such information or services. For removal of doubt, this includes situations where there is any failure or delay in performance of any of the obligations under these Terms of Use that is caused by events outside our reasonable control (force majeure events). Notwithstanding the above, nothing under these Terms of Use will limit or exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Wordbox, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, consultants, representatives and agents from and against all losses, damages, suits, judgments, costs and expenses (including litigation costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or in connection with (a) your use of or inability to use the Services (b) your violation of any provision of these Terms of Use or your violation of any rights of a third party, or (c) your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Wordbox reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will offer complete cooperation with Wordbox in asserting any available defenses.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
The communications between you and Wordbox use electronic means. For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from Wordbox in an electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Wordbox provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were be in a hardcopy writing. With your informed consent (opt-in), such electronic communication may also include periodic emails and/or other messages for our internal marketing and promotional purposes. We take all reasonable measures to ensure that our marketing communications are compliant with the applicable laws including GDPR. However, you may opt out of receiving some, or all, such communication from us by following the unsubscribe link or other relevant instructions provided in any email we send.
GENERAL INFORMATION
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and all disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts thereof. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, such invalidity will not affect the enforceability of any other part or provision of these Terms of Use.
Wordbox reserves the right, at their sole discretion, to modify these Terms of Use at any time, with or without prior notice, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the same on the Services. You agree to review this document periodically to be aware of such modifications and your continued access or use of the Services shall be deemed as a conclusive acceptance of such modified Terms of Use.
If you have any further questions, comments or requests regarding these Terms of Use, please email us at biz@wordbox.ai.
DATA PROCESSING
User data, from the authentication of a Google or Facebook account, is used for the purposes of managing and optimising the user experience. The user’s Username, Email Address is used for these purposes. Furthermore the approximate location of the user, and the device they use for authentication, is used anonymously in an internal analytics platform so that the development team can continuously implement product and marketing improvements.
DATA DELETION
To have your account and all your information permanently deleted from Wordbox’s systems, please send an email to
questions@wordbox.ai
with the words DELETE MY ACCOUNT in the subject or main section of the email.
These Terms of Use were last updated in January 2023.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.applovin.com/privacy/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1673466466732454&usg=AOvVaw1B-7TD5hTmdSb8kBg_-3kJ:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.