Privacy Policy
Effective 02/06/2023
1. INTRODUCTION
LifeCassette, Inc. and its affiliates ("GenZArt") want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you because we understand you are concerned about your privacy, and we want to maintain your trust.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect from all sources including in connection with services we provide through our websites, mobile sites, mobile applications, and electronic newsletters (collectively the "GenZArt Online Services" or “Services”) that link to this Privacy Policy. If there is a conflict between this Policy and the GenZArt service agreement, the GenZArt service agreement, or other separate terms of use will control. If you are a resident of California, then in addition to this Privacy Policy, the Privacy Policy for California Residents (the “California Notice”) located here applies to you. In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Policy and the California Notice, the California Notice controls as to California residents.
This Policy describes GenZArt's collection and use of users' Personal Information (as defined below). It also describes generally GenZArt's practices for handling Other Information (e.g., interests, demographics and services usage) collected through our GenZArt Online Services or from a third-party to the extent such information is associated with a particular device, user or user account. By using the GenZArt Online Services or by providing Personal Information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
You may choose not to submit requested information online, or may choose to restrict the use of cookies (see Other Information below for more information), but that may limit the Services GenZArt is able to provide to you.
The GenZArt Online Services are provided on a network of websites and mobile applications, and are not targeted to, and do not knowingly collect Personal Information from, minors under 18 years of age. We request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the GenZArt Online Services.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
GenZArt and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you:
Personal Information
"Personal Information" for purposes of this Privacy Policy is any information relating to you as an identified or identifiable natural person. An “identifiable natural person” is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Personal Information From You
We collect Personal Information when, for example, you register for or subscribe to certain Services; create a profile; take a survey; visit our GenZArt Online Services; use an interactive feature; participate in a social forum; or contact customer service.
Personal Information We Receive from Third-parties
We may receive Personal Information about you from third-parties, such as other social media services, commercially available sources, GenZArt affiliates, and business partners. The Personal Information we receive from third-parties may include, for example, your name, contact information, information about your transactions, purchase history, or relationships with various product and service providers, and your use of certain applications. For example, if you access a GenZArt Online Service through a social media service or connect a GenZArt Online Service to a social media service, the information we collect may also include your user name associated with that social media service, any information or content the social media service has the right to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends list, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the GenZArt Online Services through social media services or when you connect a GenZArt Online Service to social media services, you are authorizing GenZArt to collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
​
Content Monitoring and Detection
When you use our Services to generate or upload images, including AI-generated content or user-uploaded photos, we may process this content using automated tools and manual review systems to detect and prevent the creation, distribution, or sharing of prohibited content, including but not limited to child sexual abuse material (CSAM), simulated CSAM, or other forms of illegal or harmful material.
Our content monitoring tools are designed to detect prohibited content, but no system is perfect. We disclaim liability for any content that violates our Terms of Service but is not detected or removed by our systems. Users remain fully responsible for the content they generate, upload, or share on our platform.
Other Information
"Other Information" is any information that is not Personal Information, such as browser information, app usage data, information collected through cookies and other technologies, demographic information, and aggregated information.
Other Information You Submit
We collect Other Information when you submit it to us. It may include your gender, zip code, birthday, education, occupation, and interests.
Other Information We Receive from Third-parties
We may receive Other Information about you from third-parties, including, for example, demographic data, information about your interests, and information about your activities on other websites or mobile applications.
Other Information We Collect Automatically When You Are Online
When you access and interact with our GenZArt Online Services, we and our service providers may automatically collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the GenZArt Online Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, potentially including your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the GenZArt Online Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ("UDID"), geolocation data, or other transactional information for that device.
GenZArt and our service providers also may use cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies) when you visit or use the GenZArt Online Services. Third-parties that support the GenZArt Online Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as providing users with the ability to comment on content, allowing users to share content, customizing content based on usage, or tracking aggregate site usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect Other Information on the GenZArt Online Services and on other websites and mobile applications.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. You can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website,
http://www.adobe.com/devnet/security.html.
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through our GenZArt Online Services.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect, use or otherwise process Personal Information as allowed under applicable law, based on one or more of the following:
The consent you provide to us at the point of collection of your Personal Information; the performance of the contract we have with you;
The compliance of a legal obligation to which we are subject; or
The legitimate interests of GenZArt, a third-party or yourself. "Legitimate interest" is a technical term under applicable regulations. It means that there are good reasons for the processing of your personal information and measures are taken to minimize the impact on your privacy rights and interests. "Legitimate interest" also references our use of your data in ways you would reasonably expect and that have a minimal privacy impact. We have a legitimate interest in collecting and processing personal information, for example: (i) to ensure that our networks and information are secure; (ii) to administer and generally conduct business within GenZArt; and (iii) to prevent fraud.
We use the Personal Information we collect from and about you for the purposes set forth below. Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use and disclose it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. We may combine Other Information with your Personal Information, and when we do, we treat the combined information as Personal Information.
To improve the quality of our products and Services and to personalize your experience by presenting content, products and offers tailored to you, we may also combine the Personal and Other Information we collect with information relating to your use of other GenZArt products, Services and websites. In addition, we may supplement the Personal and Other Information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from GenZArt affiliates or business partners.
To provide and manage our Services. We use the information we collect from and about you to provide our products, Services and features to you, including: to process and fulfill your requests for Services, to send you information about your relationship or transactions with us, to measure and improve those Services and features, to train and improve our machine learning algorithms, to allow you to comment on content and participate in promotions or rewards programs, use social sharing tools to share content and collaborate with other users, to provide you with customer support, including online chats, and to respond to inquiries. If you choose to use the social sharing tools, some of your Personal Information may be included in a directory that can be viewed and used by other users of these social sharing tools. In addition, if you have multiple product subscriptions, we may use your information to allow you to sign in to several GenZArt Services with the same user ID.
To deliver relevant content and recommendations. To make your experience more interesting and personalized, we may use any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in delivering content on any of our GenZArt Online Services.
Analysis and development of new products and services. We perform statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of users of the Services, and their usage patterns, so we can analyze or predict our users’ preferences for product and services development purposes, to determine our promotional campaign effectiveness so we can adapt our campaign to the needs and interests of our users, and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our user base. We use this information for analytical purposes, including analysis to improve customer relationships, to support strategic business decisions and our marketing tactics and to measure and track our brand health. We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, or because we have a legitimate interest in doing so.
Aggregating and/or anonymising Personal Information. We may aggregate and/or anonymize personal information so that it will no longer be considered personally identifying. We may do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose.
To deliver relevant online advertising. The GenZArt Online Services and our service providers may use any of the information we collect from and about you (in certain cases, such as with respect to financial information, only with your express permission) to assist us in delivering relevant ads to you when you use the GenZArt Online Services or another service provided by GenZArt or unaffiliated third-parties. (See Information We Collect, above, for details on the types of information we may use.) As noted above, we may work with third-party online advertising companies and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you. These third-parties may collect and use information about your activities on our GenZArt Online Services and on other websites, and Other Information about you, to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests. As described below in the Section entitled “Our Disclosure of Information,” we will only share Personal Information with third-parties for their own marketing purposes where you have given us permission to do so.
To allow social sharing functionality. If you log in with or connect another social media service account with a GenZArt Online Service, we may use Personal and Other Information to facilitate your sharing of information between the GenZArt Online Services and your social media service.
To contact you. GenZArt and GenZArt affiliates may periodically send promotional materials, surveys, or notifications related to our products and Services. To help make these materials more relevant to you, we may use and combine any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in sending you these materials. We may also use your information to contact you, including to respond to your comments, inquiries or requests. If you want to stop receiving these materials from us, please follow the instructions in the Choices and Access section below.
To protect the rights of GenZArt and others. GenZArt may use, process, or disclose your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate in order to:
Detect, prevent, and report the generation, distribution, or sharing of illegal or harmful content, including but not limited to child sexual abuse material (CSAM), simulated CSAM, and other forms of content that exploit or endanger minors. Any detected violations will be promptly reported to the appropriate law enforcement authorities or child protection organizations, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of GenZArt, our affiliates, employees, agents, contractors, and users (including enforcement of our agreements and our Terms of Service).
Protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of our products and Services or members of the public.
Protect against fraud, abuse, or for risk management purposes.
Comply with applicable laws, legal processes, or regulatory requirements, including laws outside your country of residence. This includes cooperating with law enforcement, public authorities, and government bodies both domestically and internationally.
Respond to requests from public and government authorities, including authorities outside your country of residence, as required by law.
​
4. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Information Made Public Through Use of Our Services and User Privacy Settings
Certain features on the GenZArt Online Services give you an opportunity to interact with us and others. These may include the social sharing tools, community forums, chats, creating community profiles, and rating, tagging and commenting on content of others. When you use these features, you should be aware that any information you submit, including your name, user name, location, email address, profile information, picture, and comments you submit, may be publicly available to anyone, including other users, search engines, advertisers, third-party application developers, and anyone else with access to the GenZArt Online Services. We are not responsible for any information you choose to submit and make public through these interactive features.
Our Disclosure of Information
GenZArt and its subsidiaries may share your Personal Information with one another, as well as with GenZArt affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including for each company's marketing purposes.
We may receive Other Information about you from third-parties, including, for example, demographic data, information about your interests, and information about your activities on other websites or mobile applications.
To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing our Services. We may make your Personal Information available to certain third-party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide our products and Services by, for example: providing hosting and other cloud-based services; developing or supporting products and features; sending email messages on our behalf; fulfilling orders; delivering subscriptions; auditing; processing data or statistics; and serving, customizing or delivering marketing or ads. These outside service providers are required to protect Personal Information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to us.
Payment processing. We may use a third-party payment service to process payments made through the Services. If you wish to make a payment through the Services, your Personal Information will be collected by such third-party and not by us, and will be subject to the third-party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third-party’s collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information.
To provide Co-Branded Services and features. We may offer co-branded Services or features, such as webinars or other promotions together with a third-party ("Co-Branded Services"). These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on the GenZArt Online Services or on the third-party's service. By virtue of these relationships, we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third-party. The third-party's use of your information will be governed by the third-party's privacy policy.
To permit unaffiliated third-parties to send you promotional materials. We may share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third-parties for such parties' own marketing purposes only if you have given us permission to do so.
To allow social sharing functionality. If you log in with or connect another social media service account with a GenZArt Online Service, we may share your user name, picture, and likes, as well as your activities and comments with other GenZArt Online Services users and with your connections associated with your social media service. We may also share the same information with the social media service provider. By logging in with or connecting your GenZArt Online Services account and your social media service, you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider, other users and your connections, and you understand that the social media service's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service's privacy policy. If you do not want your Personal Information shared in this way, please do not connect your social media service account with your GenZArt Online Services account, and do not participate in social sharing on the GenZArt Online Services.
To protect the rights of GenZArt and others. There may be instances when GenZArt may disclose your Personal Information, including situations where we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of GenZArt, our GenZArt affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of our products and Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process, including laws outside your country of residence; or (v) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence.
To complete a merger, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. If GenZArt sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger, bankruptcy, or transfer of all or a material part of its business, GenZArt may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.
​
5. PROHIBITED CONTENT AND MANDATORY REPORTING
We maintain a zero-tolerance policy for any form of content that exploits or endangers minors, including but not limited to child sexual abuse material (CSAM) and any AI-generated imagery that simulates or depicts such content. This policy applies to all users, whether registered or unregistered.
Detection and Monitoring: While we do not actively monitor all content, we reserve the right to employ automated and manual review processes to detect, prevent, and report prohibited content.
Reporting: We make every reasonable effort to detect and report prohibited content, including child sexual abuse material (CSAM), in compliance with applicable laws. However, we do not guarantee that all prohibited content will be identified or reported, even with the use of automated tools and manual review processes. Any detected violations will be promptly reported to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (NCMEC) or other relevant law enforcement agencies, in accordance with applicable legal requirements
Account Termination: Users found to be engaging in or attempting to generate such content will have their accounts permanently suspended, and their data may be shared with legal authorities without prior notice.
User Responsibility: While we employ monitoring tools and manual review processes, users are fully responsible for ensuring that their content complies with our Terms of Service and all applicable laws. While we strive to detect and remove prohibited content, we cannot guarantee complete identification or removal. Failure to detect or remove such content does not imply endorsement by GenZArt and does not create liability for GenZArt or its affiliates. Users remain fully responsible for ensuring that their content complies with our Terms of Service and all applicable laws.
​
6. SECURITY
GenZArt uses a combination of administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures to safeguard Personal Information in its possession against loss, theft, unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. These measures include secure data storage, encryption protocols, and access controls to protect your personal data.
In addition to protecting user data, we employ proactive monitoring technologies and security protocols to detect and prevent the generation, sharing, or distribution of illegal or harmful content, including but not limited to child sexual abuse material (CSAM), simulated CSAM, and other forms of prohibited content.
While no system can guarantee complete safety, we take these risks seriously and will promptly report any detected violations to law enforcement authorities, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
However, users are solely responsible for the content they generate, upload, or share using our Services. We do not guarantee that all harmful content will be identified or removed. Any violations of our Terms of Service may result in account suspension, termination, and legal action.
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal data and detect prohibited content, but we cannot guarantee that all harmful material will be identified or removed. We act in good faith to comply with applicable laws and safeguard our users, but we are not responsible for violations that occur despite these efforts. Users are ultimately responsible for ensuring their compliance with applicable laws and our Terms of Service, regardless of our monitoring efforts.
If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us at support@genzart.ai.
​
7. CHOICES AND ACCESS
Your Choices Regarding Our Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes.
You may opt-out from receiving electronic communications from us (including surveys or notifications), or our sharing of your Personal Information with GenZArt affiliates for their direct marketing purposes by changing your account settings through the appropriate link within the Services or following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
You may also opt-out from our sharing of your contact information with unaffiliated third-parties for their marketing by contacting Customer Service as detailed below.
Please note that there are certain service notifications that you may not opt-out of, such as renewal notices and notifications of changes to GenZArt products and Services or policies. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app.
How To Access, Correct or Update Your Personal Information
If you would like to request to review, correct, restrict or delete personal information that you have previously provided to us, object to the processing of personal information, or if you would like to request to receive an electronic copy of your personal information for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent this right to data portability is provided to you by applicable law), you may contact Customer Service, as indicated below. Most registered users can also update their Personal Information online by signing on to their accounts and visiting the appropriate account management sections of our websites. Please note that if you have registered for more than one of our publications or Services, you may need to update your information for each separately.
You may also contact GenZArt Customer Service at
support@genzart.ai
.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request.
We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
You may lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. A list of EU data protection authorities is available at
http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion (e.g., when you subscribe to a Service, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Information provided until after the completion of such Service).
Please note that opting out of marketing communications will not affect your receipt of important transactional communications related to your use of our Services, such as account updates, security alerts, or changes to our Terms of Service.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third-parties for their own direct marketing purposes. If you are a resident of California, under 18 and a registered user of the Services, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Services. To make either request, please write to us at
support@genzart.ai
and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond.
8. SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Unless specifically requested (for example, in connection with a particular survey), we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise to us. Any requested information that includes sensitive information about health, political opinions, ethnicity, race, religion, sex life or sexual orientation can be left unanswered.
9. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Do Not Track Disclosure. Some browsers or other tools include “Do Not Track” (DNT) features which, when turned on, send a signal to websites you visit indicating that you do not wish to be tracked across websites over time. The Worldwide Web Consortium (W3C) has been working with industry groups and regulators to develop a DNT browser technology standard to provide a common understanding as to how to interpret the DNT signals, but to date no standard has been adopted. Since there is no standard at this time, GenZArt does not currently respond to DNT signals. GenZArt will follow the progress of the W3C in developing the standard. ​
Data retention. We retain personal information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or continue to use the Services);
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (for example, in light of applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
Linked services. The GenZArt Online Services may also be linked to sites operated by third-parties, and may carry advertisements or offer content, special offers, functionality, games or applications developed and maintained by third-parties. Some of these third-party sites may be co-branded with a GenZArt logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us.
GenZArt is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third-parties, and once you leave the GenZArt Online Services or click an advertisement, or sign up for a special offer, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service.
10. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
GenZArt is headquartered in the United States. The information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Services is collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or to another country in which we have facilities or our affiliates operate or in which we engage service providers
Some countries that are not members of the European Economic Area (EEA) are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available here). For transfers from the EEA to countries not deemed adequate by the European Commission, we implement safeguards such as EU Standard Contractual Clauses to protect your personal data. To request a copy of these measures, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory authorities, or security organizations in the countries where we operate may be entitled to access your personal data. This includes cases where data must be disclosed for the detection, prevention, or prosecution of illegal activities, such as the creation, distribution, or sharing of child sexual abuse material (CSAM) or other harmful content.
For transfers from the European Economic Area (EEA) or other regions with data protection laws, we have implemented appropriate safeguards, including EU Standard Contractual Clauses, to ensure the protection of your personal data, except where disclosure is required by law for legal or law enforcement purposes.
For questions about how your data is handled internationally, contact us at
support@genzart.ai
.
​
11. CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@genzart.ai
.
We ask that you not disclose any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) when contacting us.
12. UPDATES TO PRIVACY POLICY
GenZArt may modify this Privacy Policy. Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the GenZArt Online Services. Your use of the GenZArt Online Services or your provision of personal information to us following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to use the GenZArt Online Services after any modifications to this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge and agree to be bound by the revised terms.