Terms of Service
Refunds & Returns Policy
Shipping & Returns
Terms of Service
Returns Center
Contact
Delivery
Overview
This website is operated by The Walk in Wardrobe LTD (company number NI647351). Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to The Walk in Wardrobe. The Walk in Wardrobe offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply  to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Sections
Section 1 - Online Store Terms
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
Section2 - General Conditions
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
Section 3 - Accuracy, Completeness And Timeliness Of Information
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
Section 4 - Modifications To The Service And Prices
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
Section 5 - Products Or Services (if applicable)
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
Section 6 - Accuracy Of Billing And Account Information
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
Section 7 - Optional Tools
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
Section 8 - Third-Party Links
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
Section 9 - User Comments, Feedback And Other Submissions
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
Section 10 - Personal Information
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. To view our Privacy Policy.
Section 11 - Errors, Inaccuracies And Omissions
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
Section 12 - Prohibited Uses
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
Section 13 - Disclaimer Of Warranties, Limitation Of Liability
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
In no case shall The Walk in Wardrobe, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Section 14 - Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless The Walk in Wardrobe and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
Section 15 - Serverability
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
Section 16 - Termination
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
Section 17 - Entire Agreement
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
Section 18 - Governing Law
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of  4 Rathfriland St  Banbridge  GB BT32 3LA.
Section 19 - Changes To Terms Of Service
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Section 20 - Sale & Promotion Codes
Exclusions apply to certain products and ranges. See individual items for details. Not to be used in conjunction with any other offer. Discount does not apply to delivery charges. Any refunds will take into account this discount. Offer subject to availability. Discount codes may not apply to marked down products. We reserve the right to cancel any order which a discount code has been applied inappropriately or not been issued to the customer. Only one promotional code can be used per transaction.
Section 21 - Contact Information
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at
info@walkinwardrobeonline.com
.
Privacy Statement
Section 1 - What do we do with your Information?
When you purchase something from our store or website walkinwardrobeonline.com, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our website, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
Section 2 - Consent
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at info@walkinwardrobeonline.com or mailing us at:
The Walk in Wardrobe4 Rathfriland St  Banbridge  GB BT32 3LA
Section 3 - Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
Section 4 - Shopify & Payment
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (
https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms
) or Privacy Statement (
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
).
In cooperation with Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden, we offer you the following payment methods. Payment is to be made to Klarna.
Pay later:
The payment period is 14 days from shipment of the goods or tickets/ availability date of the service. You can find the complete terms and conditions for the markets where this payment method is available here:United Kingdom,  Germany, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland, Austria and the Netherlands.Further information and Klarna's user terms you can find here. General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna's privacy statement.
Section 5 - Third-Party Services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.
General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy policy.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Google analytics:
Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at.
Section 6 - Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Section 7 - Cookies
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behavior when you access our website via the same computer or device. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website.
How are cookies managed?
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access our website are designed by:
WIW, or on behalf of WIW, and are necessary to enable you to make purchases on our website;
Third parties that participate with us in marketing programmes; and
Third parties who broadcast web banner advertisements on behalf of WIW.
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from where
Section 8 - Age Of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Section 9 - Klaviyo
We use Klaviyo to store our email subscription list and to contact our email subscribers. We will not add you to our email subscription list unless you opt in through our website or by giving us your email address and consent in store. You can opt out from our mailing list anytime by clicking Unsubscribe at the bottom of one of our emails or by contacting us at
info@walkinwardrobeonline.com
with the subject line “Opt Out of WIW Emails” For more insight you may want to read Klaviyo's Privacy Policy:
https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/privacy-notice
We also use Klaviyo to contact our subscribers via SMS. By submitting your details, you agree to receive recurring automated marketing text messages from The Walk in Wardrobe, at the phone number provided, including message sent by autodialer. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Reply STOP to unsubscribe or by contacting us at
info@walkinwardrobeonline.com
with the. Reply HELP for help. Message frequency varies. Msg & data rates may apply.
Section 10 - Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Questions And Contact Information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at
info@walkinwardrobeonline.com
or by mail at
The Walk in Wardrobe
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
4 Rathfriland St  Banbridge  GB BT32 3LA
Love Laura Competition - November 2024
1 of each Love Laura products launched from A/W collection until the date of the competition launch will be gifted as the competition prize.
Any products launched after the competition start date will not be included in the prize.
If a size is not available, an alternative product will be chosen by WIW to replace.
WIW will choose the colour of each product.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to Content
Updated March 2, 2023
Privacy Policy
How Shopify handles your data
Table of Contents
Introduction
Our values
Why we process your information
Your rights over your information
Where we send your information
How long do we retain your information
Our use of Machine Learning
How we protect your information
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
How you can reach us
United States Regional Privacy Notice
Introduction
In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use information about you, our
merchants using Shopify
to power your business
customers
who shop at a Shopify-powered business
partners
who develop apps for merchants to use, build stores on behalf of merchants, refer potential entrepreneurs to Shopify, or otherwise help merchants operate or improve their Shopify-powered business
users of Shopify apps
and services like
Shop
or
Shop Pay
visitors to
Shopify’s websites
, or anyone contacting
Shopify support
This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices, we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email).
Our values
Trust is the foundation of the Shopify platform and includes trusting us to do the right thing with your information. Three main values guide us as we develop our products and services. These values should help you better understand how we think about your information and privacy.
Your information belongs to you
We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products, our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to your benefit.
We protect your information from others
If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in advance, unless we are legally forbidden.
We help merchants and partners meet their privacy obligations
Many of the merchants and partners using Shopify do not have the benefit of a dedicated privacy team, and it is important to us to help them meet their privacy obligations. To do this, we try to build our products and services so they can easily be used in a privacy-friendly way. We also provide detailed FAQs and documentation covering the most important privacy topics, and respond to privacy-related questions we receive.
Why we process your information
We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the United Kingdom (“UK”) call these reasons “legitimate interests.” These “legitimate interests” include:
preventing risk and fraud
answering questions or providing other types of support
helping merchants find and use apps through our app store
providing and improving our products and services
providing reporting and analytics
testing out features or additional services
assisting with marketing, advertising, or other communications
We only process personal information for these “legitimate interests” after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep, limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use to protect your information.
We may also process your personal information where you have provided your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by changing your communication choices, opting out from our communications or by contacting us.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and legal basis for processing for each type of personal data.
Your rights over your information
We believe you should be able to access and control your personal information no matter where you live. Depending on how you use Shopify, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, port to another service provider, restrict, or object to certain uses of your personal information. We will not charge you more or provide you with a different level of service if you exercise any of these rights. Please note that a number of these rights apply only in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law.
If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store and wish to exercise these rights over information about your purchase or interaction, you need to directly contact the merchant you interacted with. We are a processor and process information on their behalf. We will of course help our merchants to fulfill these requests to the extent required by law, such as by giving them the tools to do so and by answering their questions.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with, please submit your data subject request through our
online portal
. Please note that if you send us a request relating to your personal information, we have to make sure that it is you before we can respond. In order to do so, we may use a third party to collect and verify identification documents. Further information about rights available to US residents can be found below under the header “United States Regional Privacy Notice”.
If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time.
Finally, because there is no common understanding about what a
“Do Not Track”
signal is supposed to mean, we don’t respond to those signals in any particular way.
Where we send your information
We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant.
Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example, when we send this information to our
Subprocessors
), this information is protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those provided in the
Standard Contractual Clauses.
Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we respond to such orders, please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
How long do we retain your information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information or store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, for further details on the retention of your personal information.
Our use of Machine Learning
One of the ways in which we are able to help merchants using Shopify is by using techniques like “machine learning” (some laws, including certain EEA and UK laws, may refer to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (1) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (2) use machine learning in ways that don’t have legal or similarly significant effects (for example, reordering how apps might appear when you visit the app store).
How we protect your information
Our teams work tirelessly to protect your information, and to ensure the security and integrity of our platform. We also have independent auditors assess the security of our data storage and systems that process financial information. However, we all know that no method of transmission over the Internet, and method of electronic storage, can be 100% secure. This means we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. You can find more information about our security measures at
/ie/security
.
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
We use
cookies
and similar tracking technologies on our website and when providing our services. For more information about how we use these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant’s store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about, make a request relating to, or complain about how we process your personal information, please contact
Shopify Support
, or mail us at one of the addresses below. If you would like to submit a legally binding request to demand someone else’s personal information (for example, if you have a subpoena or court order), please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf.
If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy.
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa:
Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland
If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand:
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“US Notice”) supplements our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on
www.shopify.com
(together, the “Shopify Privacy Policies”).
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”).
What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information.
We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws.
Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.
Categories of personal information collected
Recipients of personal information
Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number;
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information;
Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant);
Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites;
Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address;
Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience;
Other information you provide; and
Sensitive personal information, which may include:
Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account);
Your device’s precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information);
Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation
The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop).
Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors;
Advertisers and marketing vendors;
Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from;
Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores;
Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by:
You: We collect the information you provide when you use our platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of Shopify’s websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account and payment information you provide to us (including information about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter.
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us provide you with our services including the following:
Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information.
Service Providers. We receive information from our service providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods.
Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging, fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to provide you with our services. For more information, see Shopify’s subprocessors.
Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
How long we keep your information
Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests.
If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process.
When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained.
Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and information about our data practices.
Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about you.
To exercise your rights, including the “right to know” and “right to delete,” please submit a request through our online portal. If you use Shop or Shop Pay, please visit
https://shop.app/delete-account
for instructions on how to request deletion of your information.
If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID.
Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information.
For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/privacy-notice:
___
Home
/
Legal
/
Privacy
/
Privacy notice
Klaviyo Privacy Notice
Updated December 31, 2024
Thank you for your interest in Klaviyo! This Privacy Notice explains how information about you, that directly identifies you, or that makes you identifiable (“
personal information
”) is collected, used, disclosed, and otherwise processed by Klaviyo in connection with our services.
When we use the terms “
Klaviyo
”, “
Klaviyo Group
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
” in this Privacy Notice, we are referring to Klaviyo, Inc. and its affiliates. When we use the term “
Service
” or
“Services,”
we are referring to all of the services and product offerings that we offer as a controller, our website
https://www.klaviyo.com/
or any other Klaviyo Group product or service that posts or links to this Privacy Notice.
Klaviyo as a Data Controller
: For purposes of data protection laws, Klaviyo is the “data controller” (or similar term under applicable laws) and is generally responsible for and controls the processing of your personal information collected through your use of our Service. This Privacy Notice applies only to instances where Klaviyo acts as a data controller.
Klaviyo as a Data Processor
:
In providing our Service, our customers may collect data in our products and services, or we may collect data on their behalf, which may include personal information or data about our customers’ end users (“
Customer Data
”). In such instances, Klaviyo acts as a “data processor” (or similar term under applicable laws), and we have contractually committed ourselves to process Customer Data on behalf and under the instruction of the respective customer, who is the data controller. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the processing of Customer Data and we recommend you read the privacy notice of the respective customer if their processing concerns your personal information.
Table of Contents
How We Collect Your Personal Information
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Personal Information
Online Advertising
Control Over Your Information
Privacy Rights
Children
Third Party Websites and Services
Changes to Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Region-Specific Disclosures
Additional Disclosures for Australia Residents
Additional Disclosures for California Residents (United States)
Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents (United States)
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
EU, Swiss, and UK Representative
Back to top ⬆︎
1. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you interact with us, we are collecting personal information about you. Sometimes we collect personal information automatically when you interact with our Services and sometimes we collect the personal information directly from you. At times, we may collect personal information about you from third parties.
Personal Information You Provide
We may collect the following personal information you provide in connection with our Service:
Account Creation and Profile Information for a Klaviyo Account
. We may collect personal information that you provide when you register for an account (where available). This information includes your email and password, company name, company URL, office phone number and office address. You may also add or confirm your name, company industry, tax ID, billing address, time zone and source of contact/lead.
Contract Data
. If your company enters into a contractual relationship with us, we may collect your name, job title, email address, signature (if wet signed or a copy of their autograph is used), customer name and address, and information about how you heard about us.
Payment and Transaction Information
. If you sign up for one of our Services requiring payment, we collect the information provided in connection with such payment. Please note that we use third party payment processors to process payments made to us. As such, all such information is provided directly by you to our third-party processor. The payment processor’s use of your personal information is governed by their privacy notice. We will only receive the last 4 digits of the credit card number along with transaction-related information (i.e., payment date, amount, device type, IP address and card type). If custom billing is arranged, the account contact’s name, email, job title, company and address may be collected as well.
Communications
. When you contact us through any method of communications, including through one of our website “Contact Us”, “Chat” or “Support” functions or you request a demo of the Klaviyo platform, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, company/company URL, account ID, type of inquiry, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us, such as how many contacts you have/your company has, which products interest you, what platform is currently being used, and meeting dates and times.
Newsletter, Marketing Emails, and Blog
.
If you sign up to receive news or alerts from us, or subscribe to our blog, we may collect your email and applicable interests and communication preferences.
Klaviyo Academy
. If you sign up for training sessions via the Klaviyo Academy, we ask for your user’s name, email, and password. You may add a profile picture. When using the platform, a user’s history on registrations, courses taken, scores, and product certifications, survey responses and lead status as well as unique identifier are captured.
Klaviyo Community
. If you wish to participate in the Klaviyo network with other account holders and find resources, insights and further support from other used, you may participate in the Klaviyo Community. In this case we may collect the following data: your account credentials, your Klaviyo account ID, email address and partner ID. Your account will also show classifications based on your involvement in the Community and badges based on your involvement/accomplishment (both of which can be managed in the profile settings to be visible or not visible to other users of the Community) as well as all content you share via the Community function. Moreover, you may add your name, username, job title, city, country, profile picture, social media (Instagram and Twitter), and bio/signature details that may be visible to the other users of the Community.
Klaviyo Partner
. If you apply to be a Klaviyo partner, we may collect personal information that you provide when you sign up (where available). This information includes your name, email, title, business phone number, company name, company URL and office address.
Events, Surveys, Feedback and Promotions (including Contests, Sweepstakes, Webinars, and Training Sessions)
. If you fill out any forms or otherwise provide your information to us in connection with Klaviyo events, surveys, or other promotional events (including contests, sweepstakes, webinars, and trainings), as well as when you provide feedback to us, we may collect your contact information (such as your name, email, and phone number), your organization company, your job title, the office address and any other information you provide to us.
Personal Information Automatically Collected
As is true of most digital platforms, we and our third-party providers and partners collect certain personal information automatically when you visit, interact with, or use our Service and emails. Such information is collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies such as pixels and Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5 (together “
cookies
”). This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use our Services and also allows us to monitor and analyze how you use and interact with our Services so that we can continue to improve our Services. It also helps us and our partners to determine products and services that may be of interest to you.
Specifically, we may collect the following information:
Log Data
:  Including your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser details such as type, ID, and configuration, unique identifiers, local and language settings; session logging, heatmaps and scrolls; screen resolution, ISP, device type and version, the referring URL, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our services and any errors that may occur during your visit to our Services.
Analytics Data
:  Including the electronic path you take to our services, through our services and when exiting our services, UTM source, as well as your usage and activity on our services, such as the time zone, activity information (first and last active date and time), usage history (flows created, campaigns scheduled, emails opened, total log-ins) as well as the pages, links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with. We may also analyze the interaction between you and your customer using our Services.
Digital Behavioral Data
: Web page interactions (clicks, hovers, focus, mouse movements, browsing, zooms and other interactions), referring web page/source through which you accessed the Sites, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Sites.
Location Data
:  Including your general geographic location based on the IP address we collect.
Platform Data
: If you have an account to use the services we offer as a processor, we may in addition also collect your name, phone number, email address, company information, status in the sales cycle, lead and commercial details (like platform specifics, initial marketing channel), and user and account ID and other identifiers (such as Salesforce ID and Klaviyo ID), NPS/account sentiments, Klaviyo Academy user profile/history data, account health status, event attendance, status as lead/account, integrations.
For more information about these practices and your choices regarding cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Personal Information from Other Sources and Third Parties
We may also obtain personal information from third parties, which we may combine with personal information we collect either automatically or directly from an individual.
We may receive personal information from the following third parties:
Klaviyo Entities
: We may receive personal information from other companies and brands owned or controlled by Klaviyo Group, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Klaviyo Group.
Klaviyo
Business and Marketing Partners
. We may also disclose personal information with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services, co-market or host events, or who are part of our partner ecosystem. The information we disclose may include your name, phone number, email address, company name and address, opportunity/interest details of your company, and information on whether your company is a current client of our partner.
Social
Media
: When an individual interacts with us through various social media networks, such as when someone “Likes” us on Facebook or follows us or shares our content on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or other social networks through, for example, the social media buttons embedded into our website, we may receive some information about individuals that they permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon an individual’s privacy settings with the social network. Individuals should always review and, if necessary, adjust their privacy settings on third-party websites and social media networks and services before sharing information and/or linking or connecting them to other services.
Service
Providers
: Our service providers that perform services solely on our behalf, such as chat services, payout processing, and marketing providers, collect personal information and often share some or all of this information with us.
Back to top ⬆︎
2.  HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use the personal information we collect for the following purposes:
Fulfill our contractual obligations, to deliver the Services you have requested, including facilitating your messages to other users or groups and for account and contract management (including customer support);
Communicate with individuals, including via email, text message, social media and/or telephone and video calls;
Review our business performance;
Market and sell our Services to individuals, including through email, direct mail, phone, video call,  text message, or through other forms of communications platforms (i.e., WhatsApp);
Send gifts to you;
Administer, improve and personalize our Services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services and analyzing our client-base;
Process payment for our Services;
Conduct market research;
Opportunity tracking, conversion and lead generation;
Test, enhance, update and monitor the Services, or diagnose or fix technology problems;
Help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and Services, technology assets and business;
Enforce our
Terms of Service
, resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties;
Prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity;
Process and deliver contest and sweepstakes entry and awards; and
Comply with legal obligations.
Back to top ⬆︎
3. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide personal information with and to third parties, as described below.
Service Providers
:
We share personal information with third party contractors and service providers, that are subject to reasonable confidentiality terms, and which may include processing payments, providing web hosting and maintenance services, technology support providers, email and messaging communications providers, analytics providers, data storage providers, and web and video hosting providers and developers. Any such service providers will be subject to confidentiality provisions, and be bound to only process the data on our behalf and under our instructions, unless such service providers act as their own controllers (e.g., in the case we seek advice from lawyers and tax consultants).
Klaviyo Group
:
We may share with other companies and brands owned or controlled by Klaviyo Group, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Klaviyo Group. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice.
Business and Marketing Partners
: We may also disclose personal information with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services, co-market or host events, or who are part of our partner ecosystem. We may obtain your consent where required by applicable law. Our business and marketing partners will use your information in accordance with their own privacy notices.
Advertising Partners
: We may share certain personal information (including information collected through cookies) with our advertising service providers and vendors in order to advertise our Services to you. For more information on how we collect and share this information, please see the
Online Advertising
section of this Privacy Notice.
Corporate Transaction
:
We may transfer any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, change of control or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Legal Obligations and Rights
:
We may disclose personal information to third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement agencies, regulators, other authorities and other third parties for legal reasons if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary:
in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect our rights and property and the rights, personal safety and property of others, including to enforce our agreements and policies;
to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud; or
as otherwise required by applicable law.
The Public/Other Klaviyo Community users, when you post content on the Klaviyo Community portion of the website
:
Remember, our websites allow you to connect and interact with others. In that case, your personal data may be visible to others as set out above under “Klaviyo Community”.
With Your Consent
: We may disclose personal information about an individual to certain other third parties or publicly with their consent or direction. For example, with an individual’s consent or direction we may post their testimonial on our website or service-related publications.
Back to top ⬆︎
4. ONLINE ADVERTISING
We may share (or we may permit these parties to collect) personal information with online advertising networks, social media companies, and other third-party services, including information about your use of our Service over time, so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on other websites or apps, or on other devices you may use.  Typically, though not always, the information we share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies, which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including hashed data, clickstream information, browser type, time and date you visited the website and other information.  This information is used to display targeted ads on other websites, apps, or services. We or the online advertising networks use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests. We may also display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Google, and others. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our services while those users are on the social media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics. These advertisements are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. For more information on our online practices specifically in relation to cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Back to top ⬆︎
5. CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION
Email Communications
. From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Services, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Messaging Platforms
. We may use personal information we collect to communicate with you via messaging platforms (such as WhatsApp), including to market to you or offer you information and updates on products or services we think you may be interested in. We may obtain your consent where required by applicable law. You can unsubscribe from these messages at any time by replying STOP in one of our messages.
SMS Text Messaging
. We may use personal information we collect to communicate with you via text message, including (with your consent) to market to you or offer you information and updates on products or services we think you may be interested in. You can unsubscribe from marketing text messages at any time by replying STOP or clicking the unsubscribe link (where available) in one of our messages. For more information, please see our
Terms of Service
.
Modifying Account Information
. If you have a Klaviyo service account with us, you have the ability to modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information and profile picture) through the “Contact Information” tab in the “Account” section in your Klaviyo account. Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of personal information, you may send your request to us by messaging support in the support portal through your Klaviyo account. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
Back to top ⬆︎
6. PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable privacy law and the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may be able to exercise some or all of the following rights in relation to the personal information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law):
Right of access and portability
. You may have the right to obtain access to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information.
Right to correction
. You may have the right to require us to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
Right to deletion
. You may have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to opt-out
. You may have the right to opt-out of certain processing activities. For example, you may have the right to opt-out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes, or the “sale” of your personal information to third parties in certain contexts. You may also have the right to direct us not to use automated decision-making or profiling for certain purposes. Please note that depending on the nature and scope of your request, we may not be in a position to continue providing our services to you.
Right to exercise control over sensitive personal information
.
You may have the right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive personal information.
Right to non-retaliation
. You may have the right to be free from retaliatory or discriminatory treatment for exercising any of the rights described above.
To exercise your rights
:
please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a jurisdiction that offers such right(s). In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional personal information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request. Please note that notwithstanding any exercise of your rights described above by you, we may continue to collect, use, disclose or process your personal information where we are permitted or required to do so by law or requested or ordered to be do so by relevant authorities or law enforcement agencies.
To exercise your right to opt-out
: please submit a request, as follows:
Opt-out of targeted advertising (cookies opt-out), please use our cookie management tool:
Cookie Management Tool
Opt-out of data “sales”, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Unless you have exercised your right to opt-out, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or use your information for all the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, including for targeted advertising. The third parties to whom we sell or disclose personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your right to opt-out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you to track compliance with your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you choose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems. We may not process your request if we, in good faith, believe that the request is fraudulent. In such instances, we will send a notice to the requestor explaining our decision.
Back to top ⬆︎
7. CHILDREN
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16. If an individual is under the age of 16, they should not use our Services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete that personal information.
Back to top ⬆︎
8. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Services may contain integrations or links to third party websites or services, including those of our business partners. By interacting with these third parties, you are providing information directly to the third party and not Klaviyo. Please note that Klaviyo is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or any entity that it does not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy notices and online terms of those third parties to learn more about how they handle your personal information.
Back to top ⬆︎
9. CHANGES TO PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by adequately informing you via your account, by placing a prominent notice on our website, or through other appropriate communication channels. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Notice periodically. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
Back to top ⬆︎
10. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Privacy Notice or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Back to top ⬆︎
11. REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
This Privacy Notice is designed to apply to our website visitors, users of our Service, and other companies and users on a global basis. Please refer below for additional disclosures that may be applicable to you:
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR AUSTRALIA RESIDENTS
These additional disclosures for Australian residents (“
Australian Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our
Privacy Notice
and applies solely to individuals in Australia (“
you
”).
These Australian Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individuals in Australia, either online or offline, within the Australian
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (“
APPs
”) found in Schedule 1 of the
Privacy Act
.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these Australian Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our
Privacy Notice
or as otherwise defined in the
Privacy Act
.
When we use the term “
personal information
” in this Australian Disclosures notice, we mean information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion:
is true or not; and
is recorded in a material form or not.
A. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The various ways in which your personal information is collected are described in Section 1 of our Privacy Notice, We may also collect your personal information if we record any phone calls or video calls (with your permission) between you and Klaviyo.
B. OVERSEAS TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your personal information may be transferred to and stored in locations outside Australia where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States, where Klaviyo, Inc. is located and the United Kingdom.
In the event of a transfer by Klaviyo to a location outside Australia, we ensure that: (i) personal information is transferred to countries recognized as having an equivalent level of privacy protection to Australia; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as contractual obligations.
C. STORING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal information we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers.
We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting credit or debit card information.
D. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have various rights under the APPs.
Right to access and request
You have the right to request access to and/or the correction of your personal information held by Klaviyo. You can exercise these rights by contacting our Privacy Officer at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable time. If your request is refused, you will be provided with written reasons for the refusal and information about the mechanisms you can use to complain about the refusal.
Right to complain
You also have a right to make a privacy complaint to our Privacy Officer at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Our Privacy Officer will first consider your complaint to determine whether there are simple or immediate steps which can be taken to resolve the complaint. Our Privacy Officer will endeavor to complete the investigation into your complaint promptly. You may be asked to provide further information about your complaint and the outcome you are seeking. Our Privacy Officer will then typically gather relevant facts, locate, and review relevant documents, and speak with individuals involved.
In most cases, our Privacy Officer will investigate and provide a written response to your complaint within 30 days of receipt of the complaint. If the matter is more complex or the investigation may take longer, our Privacy Officer will let you know.
If you are not satisfied with Klaviyo’s response to your complaint, a complaint may be made to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”). The OAIC can be contacted by telephone on 1300 363 992 or by using the contact details on the website
www.oaic.gov.au
.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (UNITED STATES)
These additional disclosures for California residents (“
CA Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our
Privacy Notice
and apply solely to individual residents of the State of California (“
consumers
” or “
you
”).
These CA Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “
CCPA
”)
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these CA Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our
Privacy Notice
or as otherwise defined in the CCPA.
When we use the term “
personal information
” in this CA Notice, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
A. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information from and about you for a variety of purposes, as described in the
How We Collect Your Personal Information
and
How We Use Your Personal Information
sections of the
Privacy Notice
.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
. In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, such as your first, middle and last name, email address, username, or other similar identifiers;
CA Customer Categories
, such as your name, phone number, and postal address;
Commercial Information
, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered;
Internet/Network Information
, such as device information, logs and analytics data;
Geolocation Data
, such as approximate location data generated based on your IP address or other information;
Sensory Information
, such as recordings of any phone calls or video calls (with your permission, as applicable) between you and Klaviyo;
Professional/Employment Information
, such as the business or organization you represent, your title with that business or organization and information relating to your role with the business or organization, job application information and other details contained in your resume;
Inferences
about your interests and preferences, generated from your use of our sites; and
Other Personal Information
, including information you submit into the feedback form and any communications between you and Klaviyo, as well as information we receive from social networking sites.
We collect this information from the following sources: directly from you, from our business partners and affiliates, from your browser or device when you visit our App or use our Services, or from third parties that you permit to share information with us. Please see the
How We Collect Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice for more information about the sources of personal information we collect.
B. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share personal information with third parties for business purposes. The categories of third parties to whom we disclose your personal information for a business purpose include: (i) other brands and affiliates in our family of companies; (ii) our service providers and advisors; (iii) analytics providers; (iv) marketing and strategic partners; and (v) social networks.
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed all of the categories of personal information we collect, explained in the
Collection and Use of Personal Information
section of these CA Disclosures, to third parties for a business purpose, as describe the
How We Share Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice.
C. SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As further described in the
How We Share Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice, we may “sell” or “share” your personal information (as those terms are defined by the CCPA) to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of those sales or sharing (see
Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out
below).
In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of personal information for the purposes described in our Privacy Notice, subject to your settings and preferences and your Right to Opt-Out: Identifiers, such as your name and email address, CA Customer Categories, such as your name and phone number, and Commercial Information, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered.
The categories of third parties to whom we may sell or share the personal information include:
Business and Marketing Partners
Online Advertising Networks and Analytics Providers
Social Networks
We may also disclose personal information to third parties at your direction or upon your request, in connection with a corporate business transaction, or to comply with legal or contractual obligations, as described in our Privacy Notice.
D. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information that we have collected about you (subject to certain limitations at law):
The Right to Access/Know
You have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:
• The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
• The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
• The categories of sources of the personal information;
• The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;
• The categories of personal information we have sold about you (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold; and
• The business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling the personal information.
The Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Correction
You have the right to request that any inaccuracies in your personal information be corrected, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of your personal information.
The Right to Opt-Out of Sales or Sharing of Personal Information
You have the right to direct us not to “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt in, or to have a parent or guardian opt in on your behalf, to such sales.
The Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
You have the right to direct us to limit the use of your sensitive personal information to certain purposes, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Control Over Automated Decision-Making / Profiling
You have the right to direct us not to use automated decision-making or profiling for certain purposes.
The Right to Non-Retaliation
You have the right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights.
However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.
“Shine the Light”
California residents that have an established business relationship with us have rights to know how their information is disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California’s “Shine the Light” law, or the right to opt out of such practices (Civ. Code §1798.83).
E. HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Exercise Your Right to Access, Right to Know, Right to Correction, and Right to Deletion
To exercise your
Right to Access, Right to Know, Right to Correction, or your Right to Deletion
: please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of the State of California. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional personal information from you, including, but not limited to, your email address, phone number, and/or date of last transaction on our Services.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales or Sharing for Targeted Advertising
Unless you have exercised your
Right to Opt-Out
, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. The third parties to whom we sell or share personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Right to Opt-Out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you to track compliance with your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you choose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems.
To exercise the Right to Opt-Out of personal information “sales,” you may submit a request by clicking the link below:
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
Additionally, as is common practice among companies that operate online, we permit third party advertising networks, social media companies and other third party businesses to collect and disclose your personal information (including preferences, geolocation, commercial information and internet, network and device information) directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us. These third parties use this information for the purposes of serving ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for fraud detection and reporting and may sell or share that information to other businesses for advertising and other purposes. To learn more about how third parties collect information through tracking technologies and what other choices you may have in relation to those activities, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
To exercise the Right to Opt-Out of the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (targeted advertising), you may submit a request by clicking on the following link to be added to our suppression list:
Cookie Settings
Authorized Agents
In certain circumstances, you may permit an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise your California Privacy Rights on your behalf. The authorized agent must provide a letter signed by you confirming the agent has permission to submit a request on your behalf or must provide sufficient evidence to show that the authorized agent has been lawfully vested with power of attorney.
For security purposes, we may need to verify your identity and confirm directly with you that you have provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request, and it may take additional time to fulfil agent-submitted requests. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. Please note that for privacy and security reasons, we will direct future communications to the data subject on whose behalf the request was made.
“Shine the Light” Disclosures
The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt out of this type of sharing, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Notice of Financial Incentives
In addition, we may offer you financial incentives for the collection, sale, retention, and use of your personal information as permitted by the CCPA that can, without limitation, result in reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels. The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms. Please note that participating in incentive programs is entirely optional, you will have to affirmatively opt-in to the program and you can opt-out of each program (i.e., terminate participation and forgo the ongoing incentives) prospectively by following the instructions in the applicable program description and terms. We may add or change incentive programs, and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms linked to above, so check them regularly.
Each financial incentive or price or service difference related to the collection and use of personal information is based upon our reasonable, good-faith determination of the estimated value of such information to our business, taking into consideration the value of the offer itself and the anticipated revenue generation that may be realized by rewarding brand loyalty. We calculate the value of the offer and financial incentive by using the expense related to the offer.
Minors
We do not sell the personal information and do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Please contact us at
privacy@klaviyo.com
to inform us if you, or your minor child, are under the age of 16.
If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, please contact us directly at
privacy@klaviyo.com
. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS (UNITED STATES)
If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To opt out of this kind of future sales, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM, AND SWITZERLAND
Klaviyo Group maintains operations in Europe and may direct our services to individuals located in the EEA, UK and Switzerland. In these instances, the following additional disclosures apply to our processing of personal data.
When we use the term “
personal data
” in this section, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
CONTROLLERS
Klaviyo, Inc. is the controller of your personal data.
In addition, Klaviyo Ltd and Klaviyo Ireland Limited are jointly responsible to process your personal data for the following reasons: perform our contractual services, as further described below.
A. LEGAL BASES FOR THE PROCESSING
We use your personal data based on the following legal grounds according to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “
EU GDPR
”) or, where applicable, the “
UK GDPR
” as it forms part of the law of England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland by virtue of section 3 of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 GDPR:
Category of Data Subject
Personal Data Processed
Purposes of Processing
Legal Basis for Processing
• Customers, where the customer is a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Email and password, company name, company URL, office phone number and office address. You may also add or confirm your name, company industry, tax ID, billing address, time zone and source of contact/lead
Account creation and profile information for a Klaviyo account
• Performance of a contract
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, job title, email address, signature (if wet signed or a copy of their autograph is used), customer name and address, and information about how you heard about us.
• If your company enters into a contractual relationship with us
• Deliver the Services you have requested, including facilitating your messages to other users or groups and for account and contract management (including customer support)
• Performance of a contract
• Customers, if a natural person
We will only receive the last 4 digits of the credit card number along with transaction-related information (i.e., payment date, amount, device type, IP address and card type). If custom billing is arranged, the account contact’s name, email, job title, company and address may be collected as well.
Processing payments for the Services
• Performance of a contract
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, email address, mailing address, phone number, company/company URL, account ID, type of inquiry, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us, such as how many contacts you have/your company has, which products interest you, what platform is currently being used, and meeting dates and times, applicable marketing interests and communication preferences
• Communications with customers and users of Klaviyo.
• Marketing and Sales of our Services to individuals, including through email, direct mail, phone, video call, text message, or through other forms of communications platforms (i.e. WhatsApp)
• To send gifts to you
• Conduct marketing research
• Opportunity tracking, conversion, and lead generation
• Legitimate interest to communicate with and market to customers
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Your username, email, and password. You may add a profile picture. When using the platform, a user’s history on registrations, courses taken, scores, and product certifications, survey responses and lead status as well as unique identifier are captured.
To facilitate joining and administration of the Klaviyo Academy
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Academy to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Your account credentials, your Klaviyo account ID, email address and partner ID. Your account will also show classifications based on your involvement in the Community and badges based on your involvement/accomplishment (both of which can be managed in the profile settings to be visible or not visible to other users of the Community) as well as all content you share via the Community function. Moreover, you may add your name, username, job title, city, country, profile picture, social media (Instagram and Twitter), and bio/signature details that may be visible to the other users of the Community.
Klaviyo Community – to facilitate participation in the Klaviyo network with other account holders and as required to administer the Klaviyo Community.
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Community to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Personal information that you provide when you sign up (where available). This information includes your name, email, title, business phone number, company name, company URL and office address.
• Participation in the Klaviyo Partner program.
• To process your application to become a Klaviyo Partner and to administer the Klaviyo Partner program.
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Partner program to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, email, and phone number), your company, your job title, the office address and any other information you provide to us.
Events, Surveys, Feedback and Promotions (including Contests, Sweepstakes, Webinars, and Training Sessions).
• Legitimate interest in communicating with customers and users and administering promotions to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Log Data
: your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser details such as type, ID, and configuration, unique identifiers, local and language settings; session logging, heatmaps and scrolls; screen resolution, ISP, device type and version, the referring URL, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our services and any errors that may occur during your visit to our Services.
Analytics Data:
the electronic path you take to our services, through our services and when exiting our services, UTM source, as well as your usage and activity on our services, such as the time zone, activity information (first and last active date and time), usage history (flows created, campaigns scheduled, emails opened, total log-ins) as well as the pages, links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with. We may also analyze the interaction between you and your customer using our Services.
Digital Behavioral Data
: web page interactions (clicks, hovers, focus, mouse movements, browsing, zooms and other interactions), referring web page/source through which you accessed the Sites, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Sites.
Location Data
:  your general geographic location based on the IP address we collect.
Platform Data:
If you have an account to use the services we may offer as a processor, we may in addition also collect your name, phone number, email address, company information, status in the sales cycle, lead and commercial details (like platform specifics, internal marketing channel), and user and account ID and other identifies (such as Salesforce ID and Klaviyo ID), NPS/account sentiments, Klaviyo Academy user profile/history data, account health status, event attendance, status as lead/account, and integrations
• Administer, improve and personalize our Services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services and analyzing our Customer base
• Test, enhance, update and monitor the Services, or diagnose or fix technology problems Help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and Services, technology assets and business
• Enforce our
Terms of Service
, resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties
• Prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity
• Review our business performance
• Legitimate interest in enhancing and improving the Klaviyo Services
• Consent
• Performance of a Contract
• Comply with Legal Obligations
B. HOW LONG WILL WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will usually store the personal data we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes as set above, and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
The criteria used to determine the period for which personal data about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal data:
Contract
.
Where we are processing personal data is based on contract, we generally will retain your personal data for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from our contractual relationship.
Legitimate Interests
.
Where we are processing personal data based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account your fundamental interests and your rights and freedoms.
Consent
.
Where we are processing personal data based on your consent, we generally will retain your personal data until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfil the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal data.
Legal Obligation
.
Where we are processing personal data based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain your personal data for the period of time necessary to fulfil the legal obligation.
Legal Claim
. We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face threat of legal claim or intent to establish a claim. In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data.
C. MARKETING AND ADVERTISING
From time to time we may contact you with information about our services, including sending you marketing messages and asking for your feedback on our Services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email or via messaging platform. For some marketing messages, we may use personal data we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.
We may send you marketing messages if you have given us your consent to do so or where we have relied on the soft opt-in rule (where applicable).  If you wish to unsubscribe from such communication, please see the details set out above under “Control over Your Information”.
D. STORING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Security
. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal data we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers. We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting credit or debit card information.
International Transfers of your Personal data
. The personal data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside the EEA, UK and Switzerland in countries where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States, where Klaviyo, Inc. is located.
In the event of a transfer by Klaviyo, we ensure that: (i) the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out under the “
Contact Us
” section of the Privacy Notice.
E. YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In accordance with applicable privacy law, you may have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right to deletion
. You have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain certain information about our processing of your personal data which includes:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal data;
information about the categories of personal data we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal data and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal data; and
a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal data without undue delay, such as if the continued processing of that personal data is not justified.
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal data, such as where the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent
. There are certain circumstances where we require your consent to process your personal data. In these instances, and if you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal data before your withdrawal.
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests. There may be compelling reasons for us continuing to process your personal data, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can object to marketing activities for any reason at any time
.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. If you are based in the EU, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available
here
. If you are based in:
the UK, your local data protection authority is the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
).
Switzerland, your local data protection authorities is the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html
).
Ireland, your local data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission (
https://www.dataprotection.ie/en/contact/how-contact-us
).
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request Form
.
Due to the confidential nature of data processing, we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights to verify your identity.
12. EU-US DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK, UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-US DPF, AND THE SWISS-US DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK PRINCIPLES
Klaviyo complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Klaviyo has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Klaviyo has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Klaviyo’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In the context of an onward transfer, Klaviyo has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the EU-U.S. DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Klaviyo shall remain liable under the Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Klaviyo proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the EU-U.S DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and the Swiss-U.S DPF Principles, Klaviyo commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the EU-U.S DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and the Swiss-U.S Data Privacy Framework Principles. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints should first contact:
Privacy@klaviyo.com
Klaviyo has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework program to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
here
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information on this option, please see Annex I of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles,
here
.
13.  CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about how Klaviyo uses your personal data, you can contact us:
Directly at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Via our appointed EU Representative, the European Data Protection Office (“
EDPO
”), by contacting the EDPO
on their online webform at:
Ireland (EU GDPR):
https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request/
UK GDPR:
https://edpo.com/uk-gdpr-data-request/
Swiss FADP:
https://edpo.com/swiss-data-request/
by mail at the applicable address set forth below:
Ireland (EU):
EDPO
Ground Floor
71 Lower Baggot Street
Dublin D02 P593
IRELAND
United Kingdom:
EDPO UK
8 Northumberland Avenue
London WC2N 5BY
UNITED KINGDOM
Switzerland:
EDPO Switzerland
Rue de Lausanne 37
1201 Geneva
SWITZERLAND
Back to top ⬆︎
Previous versions:
October 10, 2023
June 29, 2023
December 9, 2022
December 30, 2019