Privacy Policy
Content
1. Scope of this privacy policy
2. Data collected
3. given to us
4.  publicly available
5. collected automatically
6. Share Data
7. Data retention
8. business ownership
9. Cookies
10. General
Content
1. Scope of this privacy policy
2. Data collected
3. given to us
4.  publicly available
5. collected automatically
6. Share Data
7. Data retention
8. business ownership
9. Cookies
10. General
applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the Website.
This privacy policy should be read alongside, and in addition to, our Terms and Conditions, which can be found at: Please see the legals page on the Shoorah.io website .
Please read this privacy policy carefully.
Definitions and interpretation
In this privacy policy, the following definitions are used:
Data
collectively all information that you submit to Shoorah Ltd via the Website. This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the Data Protection Laws;
Cookies
a small text file placed on your computer by this Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and /or when you use certain features of the Website. Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in the clause below
( Cookies );
Data
Protection
Laws
any applicable law relating to the processing of personal Data, including but not limited to the GDPR, and any national implementing and supplementary laws, regulations and secondary legislation;
GDPR
the UK General Data Protection Regulation;
Shoorah
Ltd ,
we or us
Shoorah Ltd , a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 14174217 whose
registered office is at Spectrum House 2b, , Suttons Lane, Hornchurch, , Essex, , RM12 6RJ ;
UK and
EU
Cookie
Law
the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011 & the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2018;
User or
you
any third party that accesses the Website and is not either (i) employed by Shoorah Ltd and acting in the
course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to Shoorah Ltd and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services; and
Website
the website that you are currently using, https://shoorah.io , and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
In this privacy policy, unless the context requires a different interpretation:
the singular includes the plural and vice versa;
references to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices are to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices of this privacy policy;
a reference to a person includes firms, companies, government entities, trusts and partnerships;
“including” is understood to mean “including without limitation”;
reference to any statutory provision includes any modification or amendment of it;
the headings and sub-headings do not form part of this privacy policy.
Type of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that usersour website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). By using the Website, you agree to our placement of
functionality cookie.
Targeting cookies
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
1: Scope of this privacy policy
This privacy policy applies only to the actions of Shoorah Ltd and Users with respect to this Website. It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.
For purposes of the applicable Data Protection Laws, Shoorah Ltd is the “data controller”. This means that Shoorah Ltd determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, your Data is processed.
2: Data collected
We may collect the following Data, which includes personal Data, from you:
name;
date of birth;
gender;
job title;
profession;
contact Information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests;
financial information such as credit / debit card numbers;
IP address (automatically collected);
web browser type and version (automatically collected);
operating system (automatically collected);
a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on this Website, and the site you exit to (automatically collected);
In App tracking data such as, user behaviour and counts of inputs in features such as journal and moods. This data is used to improve the IOS & Android platforms and for shoorah to tailor better content to its users.;
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
How we collect Data
We collect Data in the following ways:
data is given to us by you;
data is received from other sources; and
data is collected automatically.
3: Data that is given to us by you
Shoorah Ltd will collect your Data in a number of ways, for example:
when you contact us through the Website, by telephone, post, e-mail or through any other means;
when you register with us and set up an account to receive our products/services;
when you complete surveys that we use for research purposes (although you are not obliged to respond to them);
when you enter a competition or promotion through a social media channel;
when you make payments to us, through this Website or otherwise;
when you elect to receive marketing communications from us;
when you use our services;
Online data and 3rd party partner resources;
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Data that is received from third parties
Shoorah Ltd will receive Data about you from the following third parties:
a. Ai and big data companies who provide platform as a service or/and software as a service .
4: Data that is received from publicly available third parties sources
We will receive Data about you from the following publicly available third party sources:
Shoorah time to time may use platforms such as Google, Meta, LinkedIn and other publicly ready platforms to collect data or/and pull data .
5: Data that is collected automatically
To the extent that you access the Website, we will collect your Data automatically, for example:
we automatically collect some information about your visit to the Website. This information helps us to make improvements to Website content and navigation, and includes your IP address, the date, times and frequency with which you access the Website and the way you use and interact with its content.
we will collect your Data automatically via cookies, in line with the cookie settings on your browser. For more information about cookies, and how we use them on the Website, see the section below, headed “Cookies”.
Our use of Data
Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Website. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
internal record keeping;
improvement of our products / services;
transmission by email of marketing materials that may be of interest to you;
contact for market research purposes which may be done using email, telephone, fax or mail. Such information may be used to customise or update the Website;
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
We may use your Data for the above purposes if we deem it necessary to do so for our legitimate interests. If you are not satisfied with this, you have the right to object in certain circumstances (see the section headed “Your rights” below).
For the delivery of direct marketing to you via e-mail, we’ll need your consent, whether via an opt-in or soft-opt-in:
soft opt-in consent is a specific type of consent which applies when you have previously engaged with us (for example, you contact us to ask us for more details about a particular product/service, and we are marketing similar products/services). Under “soft opt-in” consent, we will take your consent as given unless you opt-out.
for other types of e-marketing, we are required to obtain your explicit consent; that is, you need to take positive and affirmative action when consenting by, for example, checking a tick box that we’ll provide.
if you are not satisfied with our approach to marketing, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time. To find out how to withdraw your consent, see the section headed “Your rights” below.
When you register with us and set up an account to receive our services, the legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.15.
We may use your Data to show you Shoorah Ltd adverts and other content on other websites. If you do not want us to use your data to show you Shoorah Ltd adverts and other content on other websites, please turn off the relevant cookies (please refer to the section headed “Cookies” below).
6: Who we share Data with
We may share your Data with the following groups of people for the following reasons:
any of our group companies or affiliates – to ensure the proper administration of your website and business ;
our employees, agents and/or professional advisors – to obtain advice from professional advisers ;
third party service providers who provide services to us which require the processing of personal data – to help third party service providers in receipt of any shared data to perform functions on our behalf to help ensure the website runs smoothly ;
third party payment providers who process payments made over the Website – to enable third party payment providers to process user payments and refunds. 3rd parties such as Apple & Google pay. ;
relevant authorities – to facilitate the detection of crime or the collection of taxes or duties ;
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Keeping Data secure
We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your Data, for example:
access to your account is controlled by a password and a user name that is unique to you.
we store your Data on secure servers.
payment details are encrypted using SSL technology (typically you will see a lock icon or green address bar (or both) in your browser when we use this technology.
We are certified to ICO, Microsoft security, AWS security software . This family of standards helps us manage your Data and keep it secure.
Technical and organisational measures include measures to deal with any suspected data breach. If you suspect any misuse or loss or unauthorised access to your Data, please let us know immediately by contacting us via this e-mail address:
info@shoorah.io
.
If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit www.getsafeonline.org. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
7: Data retention
Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, we will only hold your Data on our systems for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy policy or until you request that the Data be deleted.
Even if we delete your Data, it may persist on backup or archival media for legal, tax or regulatory purposes.
Your rights
You have the following rights in relation to your Data:
Right to access – the right to request (i) copies of the information we hold about you at any time, or (ii) that we modify, update or delete such information. If we provide you with access to the information we hold about you, we will not charge you for this, unless your request is “manifestly unfounded or excessive.” Where we are legally permitted to do so, we may refuse your request. If we refuse your request, we will tell you the reasons why.
Right to correct – the right to have your Data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erase – the right to request that we delete or remove your Data from our systems.c. Right to erase – the right to request that we delete or remove your Data from our systems.
Right to restrict our use of your Data – the right to “block” us from using your Data or limit the way in which we can use it.
Right to data portability – the right to request that we move, copy or transfer your Data.
Right to object – the right to object to our use of your Data including where we use it for our legitimate interests.
To make enquiries, exercise any of your rights set out above, or withdraw your consent to the processing of your Data (where consent is our legal basis for processing your Data), please contact us via this e-mail address:
info@shoorah.io
.
If you are not satisfied with the way a complaint you make in relation to your Data is handled by us, you may be able to refer your complaint to the relevant data protection authority. For the UK, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). The ICO’s contact details can be found on their website at
https://ico.org.uk/
.
It is important that the Data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your Data changes during the period for which we hold it.
Links to other websites
This Website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites. This privacy policy does not extend to your use of such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
8: Changes of business ownership and control
Shoorah Ltd may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Shoorah Ltd . Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this privacy policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us.
We may also disclose Data to a prospective purchaser of our business or any part of it.
In the above instances, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring your privacy is protected.
9: Cookies
This Website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer. Shoorah Ltd uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Website. Shoorah Ltd has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law.
Before the Website places Cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are enabling Shoorah Ltd to provide a better experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of the Website may not function fully or as intended.
This Website may place the following Cookies:
Type of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that usersour website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). By using the Website, you agree to our placement of
functionality cookie.
Targeting cookies
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can find a list of Cookies that we use in the Cookies Schedule.
You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please see the help menu in your internet browser. You can switch off Cookies at any time, however, you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website more quickly and efficiently.
You can choose to delete Cookies at any time; however, you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.
It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
For more information generally on cookies, including how to disable them, please refer to aboutcookies.org. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer.
10: General
You may not transfer any of your rights under this privacy policy to any other person. We may transfer our rights under this privacy policy where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this privacy policy (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this privacy policy will not be affected.
Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.
This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales . All disputes arising under the Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts .
Changes to this privacy policy
Shoorah Ltd
reserves the right to change this privacy policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the privacy policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations.
You may contact Shoorah Ltd by email at
info@shoorah.io
.
This privacy policy was created on
01 April 2023
.
Cookies
Below is a list of the cookies that we use. We have tried to ensure this is complete and up to date, but if you think that we have missed a cookie or there is any discrepancy, please let us know.
Strictly necessary
We use the following strictly necessary cookies:
Description
Purpose
We use this session cookie to remember you and maintain your session whilst you are using our website
Retarget users, show case correct content to correct user in GEO location, IP Tracking and user behaviour
Functionality
We use the following functionality cookies:
Description
Purpose
Functionality cookies
We We use this cookie to identify your computer and analyse traffic patterns on our
website.
Analytical performance
We use the following analytical/performance cookies:
Description
Purpose
Analytical or performance cookies
We use this cookie to help us analyse how users use the website
Usage of the data collected from the App
Your data is collected for tracking purposes, enhancing personalized experiences within the app while respecting your privacy.