Introduction
Hello! Welcome to the Tech Consolidated's apps Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy describes how Tech Consolidated INC., a company incorporated under the law of the Republic of Seychelles, (herein referred to as “Tech Consolidated”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and its third party marketing and advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you.
This Privacy Policy applies to Pic Answer - Math AI Solver, website and related services, which we here collectively call the “Services”. By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our website or other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In the European Union, pursuant to article 27 of the EU Regulation no. 2016/679 (“GDPR”), our representative (whose responsibility will be limited to representation, not including liability is
The data we may collect
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use.
Most of the data that we collect about you comes directly from you when you play our games, or interact with our website, advertising or other Services.
The data we collect may include:
Data that you provide us with when you fill in forms, answer questions or complete surveys when using any our Services, when you create an account with us or if you invite your friends to us our game and Services; 
Your messages to our Services (such as emails and chat logs using our messaging systems);
Data about your account and game progress include how you play our games and interact with our Services (such as which of our games you are playing, the game versions, your progress through the games, session time and duration, number of attempts at each level and purchase made); 
Your device identifiers (such as advertising ID);
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, network state, browser type and language;
Data we collect via cookies and other similar technologies, as explained further below;
Tech Consolidated-specific ID for you when you use the Services;
Data we receive from third party tool or if you link a third party tool with the Services (such as Facebook Services, Google Services, Unity Services, RevenueCat, Heyzapp, Mintegral, Vungle, Tapjoy, Chartboost, Adtiming, Mopub, Applovin, Appsflyer, Iron Source, Inmobi, Adcolony, Appmonet, Photon);
Data we collect about you from other third party companies who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share such data with us;
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service; and 
Other data you choose to give us.
We may from time to time ask you for your consent to collect other information from you or your device. For instance, we may invite you to allow us to access your contacts to enable us to invite them to play our games with you, if you choose not to allow us to collect these data, we will not collect the data. If we do this or something similar, we will tell you what data we would like to collect, why we need it and what we’ll use it for.
Please note that by downloading, accessing and/or playing our games or using our other Services, you consent to the collection of information about you by us.
How we use your data
We use this data to provide our games and Services to you, including for the following purposes:
to create accounts and allow you play our games and use our Services;
to analyze and optimize the Services;
to prevent fraud;
to customize in-game offers;
to provide social features;
to provide customized services, for example to provide our Services in the correct language;
to respond to your comments and questions;
to verify your purchases; and 
to show personalized advertisements.
We may also use data for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including:
for advertising and marketing purposes based on your expressed consent
for analyzing and using the data on an anonymized or aggregated basis for product development
for analyzing the performance of our games in order to troubleshoot, improve and optimize the games and to ensure the best player experience for our players as a whole.
A more detailed description of some of the ways that we use your information is set out below and in the other sections of this Privacy Policy.
Depth Data Collection Policy
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy and ensuring transparency in our data handling practices. This section of our Terms and Conditions explains our policy regarding the collection of depth data when you use our services.
No Collection of Depth Data
We want to make it clear that we do not collect any depth data from the device you use to access our services. Depth data refers to information related to the three-dimensional measurement of objects, often used in applications such as augmented reality and depth sensing. We respect your privacy and believe in data minimization principles. We only collect data that is essential for the proper functioning of our services, and depth data is not part of that collection.
On-Device Processing
Our services may utilize the device's depth-sensing capabilities for specific functionalities, such as measuring distances or providing augmented reality experiences. However, it's important to note that any depth data processed in these scenarios remains solely on your device and is not transmitted to our servers or stored in any form.
Visiting our website
When you visit our other website www.techconsolidated.org operated by us (“Website”), we collect information about you, such as details about how you use and interact with such Website. We may use the information we collect about you for a number of purposes, including for operating and optimizing the Website, in connection with our advertising purposes, and for research or analysis.
The information we collect and process about you when you visit our Website includes:
information that you provide us with when you fill in forms or create posts on our Website, or when you create an account with us;
details of your use of the Website and the resources that you access (for example, information about how and when you use the Website, or what device you use to access the Website);
if you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we or other users of the Website send to you, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
your interactions with us on our social media channels; and
information we collect via cookies (which are small text files placed on your device), and. Cookies allow us to collect data, such as your device's model, operating system and screen size and other information about how you use our Services. For more information, see Cookie and similar technologies below.
App Profile and playing socially.
You can choose to add information to your App profile (“App Profile”) or to connect our Services to your account with a third party network (such as Facebook). If you do this, then your personal information will be visible to other players and we will also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising.
When you play our games, we will give you a randomly generated unique identifier which we will associate with your personal account or App Profile. Your App Profile will not be personally identifiable unless you choose to add your personal information to it, such as your name, avatar, email address or other information. Your App Profile and the information it contains will be visible to other users of our Services. If you choose to add personal information to your App Profile, it will be visible to your friends and other players anywhere in the world. 
If you choose to view another individual's App Profile, that individual and other users of our Services will know that you have visited them because some of your social information and a link to your App Profile will be displayed on that individual's App Profile. 
Where we make available to connect with a third party network, you can choose to log in to your App Profile using your account details with a third party network, such as Facebook or Google. If you do this, you will be able to use your account to log in on multiple devices and synchronise progress across those devices. Where available, you will also be able to see which of your friends are playing the same game and their progress through the games (and they will be able to see you and your progress), or access other functionality we make available in our games and other Services, such as inviting friends to play, asking other players for lives and 1-2-1 messaging.
Marketing
We deliver marketing communications by e-mail only if you have given your consent for this operation.
Usually, the forms we use to collect personal data contain a checkable box to select when you are willing to receive marketing communication. When marketing communications are sent by e-mail, you can decide to not receive further communications by clicking on “Unsubscribe” or on the e-mail function to renounce to it. Moreover, it is possible to exercise the withdrawal right at any time by contacting us at the following e-mail address: and providing the following information: name, e-mail address, telephone number and the marketing communications you are not willing to receive anymore.
Advertising
Our games may include advertising for third party (such as Facebook, etc.) products and services. By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games or use our Services, and unless you opt out of interest-based advertising as explained in this section, you consent to us and our advertising partners collecting and using information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third party ads in our games.
When you play our games or use our Services, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising (the ‘IDFA’) and other information from your device is collected and shared with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device.
Our advertising partners may combine this information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) in order to serve you more relevant ads in our games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems.
You consent to the collection and use of your data for targeting advertising purposes by our advertising partners as set out in this section and as further described in their privacy policies. We recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more information.
Cookies and similar technologies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyze use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Services may then not function properly.
Sharing of personal data
To improve our product and provide you better service, we also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, companies we have hired to provide data analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.
International transfer of personal data
Sharing of information laid out in this Privacy Policy sometimes involves cross-border data transfers, for instance to the United States of America and other jurisdictions. As an example, where the Services allow for users to be located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), their personal information is transferred to countries outside of the EEA. We use suitable safeguard to permit data transfers from the EEA to other countries and to preserve the confidentiality and security of this information.
Security
Although we endeavor to take all steps reasonably necessary to safeguard the personal data, please note that the transmission of information via internet is not totally safe and it is not possible to ensure a complete security of the personal data transmitted to the website and apps or to third parties; for this reason, any transmission of data occurs at your own risk.
However, the we apply strict operating procedures and adequate technical and organizational security measures in order to prevent any access, modification, erasure or unauthorized transmission of personal data.
Your rights
You have certain rights in connection with your personal data and how we handle it. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us via any of the methods set out in the Contact Us section below.
Subject to limitations in applicable law, your rights include:
Access the personal data we hold about you. You have a right to know what data we hold about you and in some cases to have the information communicated to you. If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any data. Please note that we may not be able to provide all the information you ask for, for instance if the information includes personal information about another person. Where we are not able to provide you with information that you have asked for, we will endeavor to tell you why.
Correct your data. You also have the right to correct your data. We try to keep the data that we hold about you accurate and up to date. Should you realize that any of the information that we hold about you is incorrect, please let us know at and we will correct it as soon as we can.
Data deletion. In some circumstances you have a right to have some of the personal information that we hold about you deleted. Please note that in order to process your request you must delete our games from your mobile devices and clear our cookies from any device where you have played our games in a web browser. Where we delete personal information about you, we may still retain some or all of that information for other purposes such as maintaining financial records, protecting or enforcing legal rights, maintaining marketing suppression lists or for technical reasons such as maintaining technical security or our database integrity. We may also retain your information in an anonymized form. In some instances, personal information about you that is visible through gameplay such as username, avatar, your high scores and any chat messages may be cached on other players’ devices and we may not be able to remove or update that data from those devices, for example if that device is not connected to a wifi network.
Withdraw your consent. You can always withdraw your consent in your device, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings.
Opt-out of interest-based ads. You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest-based ads" (Android).
We retain your personal data as long as needed to provide our Services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.
Age limits
You must be over a certain age to play our games and use our Services, depending on where you live. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the relevant age or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The conditions of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any changes on our Website and apps or will contact you in alternative ways. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
Contact us
If you want to contact us about any of the matters in relation to this privacy policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then please email.
Privacy Policy - Face Data Usage
We value your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy section aims to inform you about how we handle face data collected through our application and ensure that it is used responsibly and securely. Please read this section carefully to understand our practices regarding your face data.
Collection and Processing of Face Data
We may collect face data from you when you use our application. This face data may include photographs, or images, that you voluntarily provide through the app’s features. We use this face data solely for the purpose of processing it within the application to generate the desired result, such as facial recognition, augmented reality filters, or any other relevant functionality provided by our app.
Non-Disclosure and Non-Sharing of Face Data
We want to assure you that we do not share your face data with any third parties, including advertisers or marketers, without your explicit consent. Your face data remains strictly confidential and is not used for any purposes other than those outlined in this Privacy Policy. We adhere to strict internal policies and technical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of your face data.
Limited Retention Period
We understand the importance of minimizing data retention and ensuring that your personal information is not stored longer than necessary. As part of our commitment to your privacy, we retain your face data only for the duration required to process it within the app and provide you with the desired outcome. Once the processing is complete, we promptly delete your face data from our systems within a few hours.
Data Security
We have implemented industry-standard security measures to protect your face data from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. These measures include but are not limited to encryption, firewalls, and secure data storage practices. We regularly review and enhance our security practices to ensure the ongoing protection of your personal information.
Compliance with Applicable Laws
We comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations concerning the collection, processing, and storage of personal information, including face data. We ensure that our practices are in line with the principles of privacy and data protection to safeguard your rights as a user.
Consent and Control
By using our application and providing your face data, you consent to the collection, processing, and storage of your face data as outlined in this Privacy Policy. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by discontinuing the use of our app and contacting us to request the deletion of your face data.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy section from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or legal requirements. Any updates will be posted on our website or communicated through the app. We encourage you to review this section periodically for the most up-to-date information.
Home
About Us
Our Apps
Contact Us
Terms and Services