Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Security
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures for the purpose of preventing loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of the Information. For example, in some of our Services, we use encryption technology to protect certain sensitive Information provided by you to us. Please note that no data security measures can guarantee 100% security at all times. Our systems and the communications networks through which you access our services may be subject to security breaches and failures which are due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control
Advertising
We may collect and use information about you, such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address for the purpose of the tracking of the advertising. This information is used together to create a unique user number to help us to better count and track advertising based on language, geographic location and other relevant details. This information is NOT SOLD to outside parties.
User Logs
When using our Services, including engaging with, watching or producing any content in relation to our Services, certain user log information in our application will be automatically collected, including (i) details on when and how often our Services are being used, (ii) devices statistics, critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone and so on. These user logs are used to improve our Services and are NOT USED to identify and track our users individually.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Revision to the privacy policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the privacy policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Third Party Links and Content
This Service contains links to third party sites, information and resources (“Third Party Links””) and information provided by third parties (“Third Party Content”). We are not responsible for the Third Party Links or Third Party Content, and can not guarantee that any Third Party Links or Third Party Content will be uninterrupted, error-free, accurate, complete or current.
Any links to Third Party Content does not represent our endorsement of such Third Party Content. We have no control over the Third Party Content, and will not be liable for any loss or damage you suffer or incur when you access or use any Third Party Links or Third Party Content.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Terms of Services and Privacy Policies of these third party services.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it