Privacy Policy
Support
For additional support and other questions, please send an email to hello@zap.studio
Privacy Policy
Zap Software Studio B.V. built their apps as Ad Supported apps. This SERVICE is provided by
        Zap Software Studio B.V. at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure
        of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
        relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving
        the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
        in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is
        accessible at all apps listed on https://www.zap.studio unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect about you
Information that you submit
We ask for and collect the following personal information about you when you use the App. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us. Without such information it is impossible to provide complete functionality of the App all perform the requested services.

Authorization and/or Account Information. When you sign up for an account, we require certain information such as your email address or Google ID or Dropbox ID or OneDrive ID - depending on the App settings.

Content Information, audio files and other data that you upload using the App.

Personal Information, which you may fill in by yourself when the App is designed for tracking your info, storing your records and/or managing them for your convenience and upon your explicit request.
Information That Is Processed Automatically
When you use the App, some information about your device and your user behaviour may be processed automatically. This information is generally non-personal, and we may access it only in aggregated form. We process this information on the ground of our legitimate interest in improving our App and giving our users the best experience. Otherwise we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services and features of the App.

We use third-party automatic data processing technologies (such as
AdMob
,
Google Drive
,
DropBox
) to analyze certain information sent by your device or our App. Automatic data processing technologies (advertising or analytics tools) provide us with the data described below. We do not control, supervise or respond for how the third parties providing your information process your personal data, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third parties. 

Device identifiers. When you use a mobile device (a tablet or a phone) to access our App, we may access or monitor one or more “device identifiers”. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. Device identifier provides reports or personalized content and ads.

What data can be processed:

type of your mobile device and operational system version which is installed on your mobile device;
region information of your mobile device;
region associated with your SIM card;
Internet Protocol (“IP”) address;
Identity For Advertisers / Advertising ID which is a string of numbers and letters that identifies your individual smartphone or tablet.
Cookies and similar technologies. When you use the App, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, scripts to collect information about how you use our App and provide features to you. A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you access the App. The text file is then sent back to our server each time you use the App. This enables us to operate the App more effectively. For example, we will know how many users access a specific areas or features within our App and which links or ads they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our App is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you. We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to the App, which may use cookies or similar technologies.
Log file information. Log file information is automatically reported each time you make a request to access the App. It can also be provided when the App is installed on your device. When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record certain log file information, including time and date when you start and stop using the App, and how you interact with the App.
Processing information through automatic data processing technologies starts automatically when you start using the App.
The App may use automated processing of your personal data, including profiling which means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to you, in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning your personal preferences, interests, behavior, location or movements.
How we use your information
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with new experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information for the following purposes:

(a)  To make our service available. We use information that you submit and information that is processed automatically to provide you with all requested services.

(b)  To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our App. We use information that is processed automatically to better understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our App.

(c)  To provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We may use information information that is processed automatically for marketing purposes (to show ads that may be of interest to you based on your preferences). We provide personalized content and information to you, which can include online ads or other forms of marketing.

(d)  To communicate with you. We use the information we have to communicate with you through newsletters, i.e. to send you marketing notifications, receive your feedback about our App experience, and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.

(e)  To prevent fraud and spam, to enforce of law. We really want our App to be free of spam and fraudulent content so that you feel safe and free. We may use your information to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, protect our trademarks and enforce our Terms of Use.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
How we share your information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy policy.

We will not rent or sell your personal data to third parties, but we may share your information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App. We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.

We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks, inter alia, to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.

We may use one or more of the following third-party advertising services and analytics tools: AdMob; Apple SearchAds; Firebase. In case you want to learn more about the services and privacy options please consult their websites and privacy policies.

Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.

We may disclose your personal information if it needed for objective reasons, due to public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:

- as required by law;

- when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;

- if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice in our App of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and
        libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to
        either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose
        to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
        to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly
        advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over
        and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
        or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
        this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting
        the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
        this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
        me.