+35319026775
info@airporthopper.ie
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Airport Hopper Holdings Limited respects your rights through this privacy policy and complies with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003. The purpose of this website Privacy Policy Statement is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website. Naturally, if you are not happy with the content of this Privacy Policy Statement you should not use this website.
By visiting this website, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy Statement. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites.
Types of Information Collected
As handler of information, data privacy is taken very seriously atAirport Hopper Holdings Limited. It is important that you know exactly what we do with the information that you and others provide to us, why we gather it and what it means to you. Basically, we collect two types of information on behalf of the partners that we act for and also as a registered business:
Personal Data
This is data that identifies you. In general, this can be used to identify or contact you and may include things like; your name, company, email addresses and user IP addresses. For a more detailed description of what we do with this data please refer to our Data Protection Policy which outlines our approach to Data Privacy which fulfils our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]. We also welcome it as an opportunity to reassure you of the importance we place on keeping both your personal data and that of our clients’ customers data secure. It also outlines the strict guidelines we apply to its use.
Non-Personal Data
Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our web site. This non-personal data which comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses where they have been clipped or anonymised, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website.
Purposes for which we hold your Information
Personal Data
Please refer to our Data Protection Policy so that you may understand more about the information that we hold as both a processor and a handler of information.
Non-Personal Data
We use the non-personal data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website.
Cookies
This website uses “cookie” technology. A cookie is a little piece of text stored by the browser on your computer, at the request of our server. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your personal preferences so you do not have to re-enter them each time you connect to our website – our cookies are not available to other website.
You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We may provide personal data to third parties, where such information is vital to your booking process. You have the opportunity to read T&C for our tours prior to booking a 3rd party tour.
We will not disclose your personal data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil your order (in such circumstances, the third party is bound by similar data protection requirements). We will disclose your personal data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your personal data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Airport Hopper Holdings Limited provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy Statement and provided that the third party only uses your personal data for the purposes that you provided it to us. You will be notified in the event of any such transfer and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt-out.
Security
Your personal data is held on secure servers hosted at Airport Hopper Holdings Limited and this is backed up daily to an additional secure server off-site. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your personal data.
Under GDPR regulation you also have a right to have your personal data corrected, if inaccurate, or, in certain circumstances, erased. Please forward any such requests by email to
info@airporthopper.ie
To find out what personal data we hold on you or to have your personal data updated, amended or removed from our database, please contact
info@airporthopper.ie
Changes to the Privacy Statement
Any changes to this Privacy Policy Statement will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use personal data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this website, Privacy Policy Statement, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy Statement is governed by the laws of Ireland and is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
Questions or Comments
If you wish to contact us to discuss any matter in relation to this Privacy Policy Statement or our processing of your personal data, please feel free to contact us by email at
info@airporthopper.ie
Mobile (   )
Email (  )
Select one option to receive OTP
Mobile (
)
Email (
)
Your session has expired
The seats reserved in your session have been removed because the reservation time of 0:00 minutes was up
Your seats reservation will be removed if you will reload and it might book for you another seats.
Home
Manage ticket
Download Ticket
Timetable
Fares
Package
Bus tracker
Contact
Sign In
Sign Up