Please read the document before using the application.
Definitions
"Law"
means the legislation of the Republic of Serbia with all amendments and additions, as well as other legislative acts of the Republic of Serbia, including other legislative acts of international law.
"Application"
is software (with all existing additions and improvements) designed to work on smartphones, tablets, watches and other devices, and developed for a specific platform (iOS, Android, Windows Phone, etc.). For the purposes of this Policy, the application means the following software:
any application of the developer company
.
"Personal Data"
means a set of personal data and/or non-personalized information about the User provided by him to the Rights Holder and/or automatically collected by the Rights Holder and/or third parties.
"Policy"
means the present Privacy Policy of the application (with all existing additions and changes.
"User"
means a legal or natural person who has downloaded an application to a smartphone, tablet, watch or any other device and/or has activated such an application on one of these devices.
"User Agreement"
means an agreement concluded between the Rights Holder and the User regarding the procedure, rules and features of the User's use of the application. The User joins such an agreement and has no right to make and/or require any changes or additions to it.
"Rights Holder"
means the person who owns the exclusive rights of ownership of the application: LLC "ONLYAPPS".
Relationships covered by the policy
General provisions
This Policy is used and applies exclusively to Personal Data received from the User in connection with the use of the application. The provisions of this Policy are aimed at:
determining the types of Personal Data received, purposes of use (processing) Personal Data, as well as sources of obtaining such Personal Data;
determination of the User's rights regarding the protection of the confidentiality of the Personal Data that is transmitted;
identification of persons responsible for the processing and storage of Personal Data, as well as third parties to whom such data is disclosed (in whole or in part).
The rules of this Policy do not apply in the case of processing by third parties of Personal Data that is voluntarily provided by the User.
By installing and/or activating the application on a smartphone, tablet, watch or other device, the User agrees to the terms of this Policy and gives his consent to the Rights Holder to collect, process, retain and store Personal Data in the manner and under the conditions provided in this Policy.
If the User does not agree with the terms of the Policy and /or individual terms of the Policy are not clear to him, in this case the User is obliged to immediately stop using the application.
User's rights to protect personal data
When providing Personal Data, the User automatically receives the following rights:
to receive data concerning their processing (the grounds and purposes of such processing, the processing methods used, information about persons who have access to them or to whom they can be disclosed on the basis of a contract or Law).
receive data on the location and identification data of persons who process Personal Data.
receive data on the terms of storage of Personal Data.
receive data on the trans-border transfer of Personal Data that has been carried out or is expected to be carried out.
appeal the actions or omissions of the Rights Holder to the authorized body for the protection of the rights of personal data subjects or in court.
to receive compensation for damages and/or compensation for moral damage in court as a result of violations of the User's rights to the protection of his Personal Data committed by the Rights Holder and/or third parties.
exercise other rights in the field of personal data protection provided for by Law or the provisions of this Policy.
List of personal data collected
Non-personalized user information
When using the application, the Rights Holder can automatically collect and process the following non-personalized information about the User:
traffic information, the possible number of clicks made, logs and other data.
information about the device (identification number, mobile operator network) from which you log in, operating system, platform, browser type and other browser information, IP address.
Personal data about users
The Rights Holder does not collect any personal data about Users that allows him to be identified.
Purposes of personal data collection and processing.
Definition of processing purposes
The collection and processing of Personal Data is carried out for the following purposes:
to analyze User behavior, as well as to identify User preferences for a certain type of content.
for the correct and efficient operation of the application, improving of the application, improving the content of the application, improving the internal architecture and functionality of the application.
to identify the User.
to comply with the requirements of the Law.
for technical support of the application, identification of problems in its operation and their elimination.
to keep in touch with the User (communication).
to fulfill other obligations of the Rights Holder that have arisen before the User.
for any other purposes, subject to obtaining separate consent from the User.
The processing of Personal Data is carried out on the basis of the following principles:
legality of the purposes and methods of processing;
good faith;
compliance of the purposes of Personal Data processing with the purposes previously defined and declared when collecting such Personal Data;
compliance with the volume and nature of the processed Personal Data with the stated purposes of their processing.
Personal data processing conditions
Personal Data processing is carried out in the following cases:
obtaining consent from the User;
achievement by the Rightholder of the goals stipulated by an international agreement or law;
User providing their Personal Data to an unlimited number of persons;
fulfillment of other obligations of the Rights Holder to the User, including, but not limited to, the provision of certain content to the User;
saving the User's life or health when consent to the processing of his Personal Data cannot be obtained in advance.
In the case of depersonalization of Personal Data, which does not directly or indirectly identify the User, the subsequent use and disclosure of such data to third parties is allowed and the rules of this Policy no longer apply to them.
The Rights Holder takes all possible measures to protect the confidentiality of the Personal Data received, except in cases when the User has made such data publicly available.
The processing of Personal Data is carried out with the use of automation tools and without the use of such automation tools.
Access of third parties to personal data
Using analytical platforms
The Rights holder uses analytical platforms to:
track the frequency of site traffic by Users;
tracking how the User uses the application and/or its content;
identifying the type and type of content that is popular among Users;
determining the User's location.
The User also gives his consent to the Rights Holder to use the information received about the User from analytical platforms.
For these purposes, analytical platforms can collect data about the IP address, geolocation, User behavior, as well as his preferences and interest in certain content.
Analytical platforms gain access to Personal Data in order to provide the Rightholder with an understanding of how effectively his application works, what kind of content is popular, how effective is the placement of a particular advertisement in it, as well as for the purposes of developing and/or improving the existing marketing strategy of the rights holder.
By installing the application, the User agrees to the Privacy Policy, as well as to the automatic installation of appropriate analytics tools on the User's device.
Disclosure of personal data to third parties
The Rights Holder has the right to disclose Personal Data to:
its affiliates, branches and representative offices opened both on the territory of the Republic of Serbia and on the territory of other states;
to the legal successors of the Rightholder who arose as a result of its liquidation, reorganization or bankruptcy, and who received exclusive rights of ownership of the application;
to third parties solely for the purpose of providing the User with certain content or access to it;
to third parties when the User has given consent to the disclosure, transfer or processing of their Personal Data, as well as in other cases expressly provided for by Law or this Policy.
The Rights Holder discloses Personal Data only if:
that third parties will comply with the terms of this Policy and take the same measures to protect the confidentiality of Personal Data that the Rights Holder himself takes.
consent to such disclosure has been previously expressed by the User and/or is allowed on the basis of the Law.
Advertising placement
In-app advertising
The Rights holder reserves the right, without the consent and notification of the User, to place ads in its application.
Sending complaints and requests to the Rights holder
The requirement to terminate the processing of personal data
Each User has the right to express his objection to the Rights Holder against the processing and/or storage of his Personal Data. Such an objection can be expressed as follows:
sending a request to an e-mail address
support@onlyapps.org
;
through public profiles in social networks of the Rights Holder.
Request for information about personal data
If the User has any questions related to the procedure for applying or using this Policy, the procedure and/or method of processing Personal Data, the User can ask such a question as follows:
sending a request to the email address
support@onlyapps.org
.
through public profiles in social networks of the Rights Holder.
Modification (updating, addition, correction) or deletion of personal data
The User has the right to change or delete Personal Data at any time by sending a special request to the Rights Holder at the following address:
support@onlyapps.org
.
The Rights Holder has the right to refuse to change or delete Personal Data if such actions lead to:
violation of the rules of this Policy;
to the violation of the law;
the nature of Personal Data is evidence in any legal process that has arisen between the Rights Holder and the User.
Terms and procedure for storing personal data
Storage is carried out independently by the Rights Holder.
Storage is carried out during the entire period of use by the User of the application.
The Rights Holder undertakes to destroy or depersonalize his Personal Data immediately after the User stops using the application.
Access of minors to the application
This right is regulated by the age limit in the app store.
Personal data protection procedure
Protecting the confidentiality of Personal Data is a primary and important task for the Rights Holder. The Rights Holder adheres to all required international standards, rules and recommendations for the protection of Personal Data.
The Rights holder has implemented a number of technical and organizational methods aimed at protecting Personal Data from disclosure or unauthorized access to them by third parties.
Final provisions
Availability of the policy text for review
Users can read the terms of this Policy in this document.
This version of the Policy is valid from January 20, 2023.
Changing and supplementing the policy
This Policy may be changed from time to time. The Rights Holder does not bear any responsibility to the User for changing the terms of this Policy without the permission and/or consent of the User.
The User himself undertakes to regularly check the provisions of this Policy for possible changes or additions.
Applicable law
This Policy has been developed in accordance with the current legislation of the Republic of Serbia, as well as other legislative acts of international law.
Risk of disclosure
Regardless of the measures taken by the Rights Holder to protect the confidentiality of the personal data received, the User is hereby deemed to be duly informed that any transfer of Personal Data on the Internet cannot be guaranteed safe, and therefore the User carries out such transfer at his own risk.