Darksun Weather Privacy Policy
Darksun Weather takes the privacy of its users seriously and will always strive to protect your privacy and preserve the trust you place in us.
This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that Darksun Weather and/or its third party service providers collect through the Darksun Weather application (“Darksun Weather” or “Application”). Data collected through your use of the Application is governed by this Privacy Policy. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using the Application.
By accessing or using Darksun Weather, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you live or use the Application in, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your information in Ireland and any other country where we operate. We may modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting on Darksun Weather. Your continued use of this Application constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any modifications or updates thereto.
Information Collection and Use
You may opt to grant Darksun Weather access to your current location (“Location Information”) to receive localized weather forecasts. This feature requires access to your device’s current location. Your Location Information will be used to request and display weather data and notifications for your current location.
You Location Information is stored locally, on your device, and is not transmitted or stored on Darksun Weather servers.
Your Location Information will be shared automatically with our weather data providers, such as OpenMeteo and Met.no, when you request weather data for your current location.
Third-Party Data Processors
Darksun Weather uses third-party services to provide weather data.
The third-party services used by Darksun Weather include:
OpenMeteo
Met.no
Please refer to the privacy policies of these third-party data processors for information regarding their data practices.
Advertising
Darksun Weather does not use your information to increase advertising relevancy or measure effectiveness. Your Location Information will not be shared with third parties.
Website Visitors
As is true of most internet services, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring and exit websites and applications, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, to improve our product and services, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Information Disclosure
We may preserve or disclose your information, including Location Information, if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or request from public and government authorities within or outside your country of residence, such as to comply with a subpoena or for law enforcement purposes; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or the safety of others; to address fraud, security, technical issues, or to protect our operations; or if Darksun Weathe is involved in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale or transfer of all or a portion of its assets.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Disclaimer
While we work hard to protect your data, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Updates
At times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy such as due to changes in the services we offer, Apple's and Google's policies and procedures, and/or the applicable laws or Ireland. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, especially before you provide any Location Information to Darksun Weather.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated below. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on Darksun Weather. As set forth above, your continued use of the Application after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your acceptance and agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the policies described in this statement, please email us directly at the email address below.
Last Updated: Feb 29, 2024.