Privacy Policy
Use of Personal Information:
Teamcamp keeps up strict arrangements to ensure the individual protection of every one of its clients. Teamcamp accumulations personal data. Keep in mind the end goal to allow access to specialised support and different advantages accessible to enrolled clients. Personal data is additionally used to scatter data about organisation notification and exceptional offers.
Protecting Your Personal Information:
The individual data that you give is ordered. Your record is ensured by a secret key and a one-of-a-kind client ID that controls access to your history. Personal data dwells on a protected server that exclusive chose Teamcamp staff may get to. Individual data is encoded to forestall unapproved seeing. With a specific end goal to guarantee the viability of these safety efforts, we suggest that you don’t uncover your watchword to anybody. When you submit individual data to Teamcamp through the site, you concur that this data might be exchanged crosswise over national fringes and might be put away and handled in any of the nations or areas in which Teamcamp, its partners, and auxiliaries look after workplaces. Teamcamp may gather data about the utilisation of the site, for example, the sorts of administrations got to and what number of clients visit the site. This data is gathered in the entire frame, without distinguishing any client exclusively. Teamcamp may utilize this total, non-distinguishing, factual information for the investigation, advertising, or particular comparative purposes.
Disclaimer:
Teamcamp accepts no accountability for the substance or security practices of whatever other sites, organization, or association, including areas that may be accessed through hyperlinks from this site. Suppose you don’t mind audit the protection strategy of such destinations before giving any individual data. Teamcamp maintains whatever authority is needed to adjust, redesign or reestablish your User Center record data in light of data we get.
Unlock Seamless Collaboration
Bring your team together with Teamcamp’s intuitive tools.
Get Started for Free
See Demo
Product
Board & Task
Invoicing
Messages
Time Tracking
Document & File
Team Collaboration
Integrations
Solution
Remote Teams
Marketing Teams
Agencies & Studios
IT & Software
Resources
Blogs
Updates
Feedback & Roadmap
Comparison
API Doc
Resources
Help Center
Company
Contact Us
Download
Affiliate
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Guide
Project Management Guide
Project Management Terms
Best Project Management App for Remote Team
© 2025 Teamcamp
Product
Manifesto
Solution
Resources
Log In
Sign Up