Privacy Policy
We ("Application", "us", "our" or "we") are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users
        ("Users", "you"). This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how and why we collect, use, store, disclose, and
        manage the information and data that you provide or we collect when you use our Application. Please note that
        the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by us through your use of the
        Application. We are not responsible for any actions of any third parties, the content of their websites, the use
        of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites
        does not represent our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following types of information about you:
Personal Information
Personal information can include: name, postal address, telephone number or email address. We can also
        receive information about your interest in and use of various products, programs, services, and content
        available. Such personal data will only be collected when: (a) you voluntarily provide us with the information;
        and (b) the information is needed for us to deliver the service you have requested. Your prior consent is
        necessary if we are to use such data in actions not mentioned above.
Metadata
Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with your use of the Application. Metadata describes
        how, when and by whom a piece of user content was posted and how that content is formatted. Such data is used by
        us for the sole purpose of improving and developing the core features of the Application. But such data won’t be
        related to certain users, and we won’t track certain users by such data.
Log Data
To track how our service is accessed and used, we adopt third-party analytics tools such as Google Firebase
        to harvest user behavior data such as the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in
        improving the service. This information is non-personally identifiable and will not be used to track individual
        user.
Third-party Services
Our advertising partners may use cookies and other tracking technology to compile information about your
        device’s visits and usage patterns on our service, to personalize the advertising content shown to you. Sharing
        the information with these third parties does not constitute the collection or storage of this data by us. In
        the event of the software development kits (“SDKs”) incorporated into our Application from our advertising
        partners being updated, we will integrate the new features in time, so as to keep you updated on how your data
        will be used by these third parties.
Face Recognition
In order to provide our Services, apart from utilizing metadata as mentioned above, we use face recognition technology to recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition contents and facial manipulation features. Our Services may utilize calculation results of machine learning frameworks in relation to depth of facial mapping information, which may require the use of facial recognition features in order to ensure the face image processing effect and perform feature analysis using the algorithm. The information we collect cannot be used for identifying a specific person and is used to provide the mentioned features only. When the content recommendation is finished, or upon the closing of the application, the facial mapping information is discarded.
This information will not be shared with any third parties. We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data in the file, or upload data to the server for recording purposes.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We do not disclose user information to third parties without permission from you in exclusion of the
        following instances. Please note that the processing of your information by any third parties will have to
        comply with our policies: (a) we may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets,
        including your personal information, in connection with a business transaction (or potential business
        transaction) such as a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of
        assets, or in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution. Notices will be sent to you before such transfer is
        actualized; (b) we may share your information with our advertising partners who collect information from your
        device to improve the display of advertisements on the Application and elsewhere online; (c) with respect to
        jointly offered services or functionality or services offered separately by other companies through our
        Application, we may share information about you with business partners to provide the services and functionality
        you request and to communicate with you about those services; (d) we may share information about you in response
        to legal process or a request for information if we believe disclosure is consistent with, or required by, any
        applicable law, rule, or regulation; to investigate or remedy potential violations of our user agreements or
        policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others.
SECURITY OF INFORMATION
We care about the security of your information, and adopt safeguarding measures to preserve the integrity
        and security of all information collected through the Application. However, we do not ensure or warrant that the
        security of the information on our Application may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
CONTACT US
For any questions about the policy, please contact us by email.