MOBILE
FUSE
Privacy Policy
MobileFuse Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 06/04/2024
MobileFuse LLC and its affiliates (
“MobileFuse,” “we,” “our,”
or
“us”
) engages with companies, such as app publishers and app developers (“
Client(s)
”), to serve ads on their digital properties through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share the personal information that we gather on the subdomains and websites of
https://mobilefuse.com/
(“
Sites
”), or that we collect when you contact us directly to become a Client or that we collect directly through our Client's use of our advertising solutions (“
Services
”).
Please click the following links to learn more about our Privacy Policy:
About Us
What Personal Information Do We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Personal Information
Online Advertising & Cookies
Do-Not-Track Signals
Control Over Your Information
Your Opt-Out Choices
Children
Information Retention and Security
Third Party Websites and Services
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Region-Specific Disclosures
Additional Disclosures for Certain U.S. Residents
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
1.
About Us
MobileFuse obtains information from various entities. These entities are defined below by what they are referred to in this Privacy Policy and when their information is collected. Entities may overlap and are not exclusive categories.
Website Visitors:
When you visit our Sites or use the Sites to contact us directly for information.
Clients:
When you provide us information to engage our Services.
End Users:
When we collect and process information from individuals on behalf of our Clients.
Service Providers:
When you become a service provider to MobileFuse.
Employees and Applicants:
Through the MobileFuse candidacy process.
The use of “
you
” and “
your
” throughout this Privacy Policy will, depending on the context, refer to a MobileFuse Website Visitor, Client, or End User.
In providing our Services, Clients may collect data in our products and services, or we may collect data on their behalf, which may include personal information or data about End Users (“
User Information
”). Our Clients use User Information to buy and sell advertising space for display on publishers' websites, mobile applications, and other digital media properties (which we collectively refer to as “
Digital Media Properties
”).
MobileFuse as a Data Controller:
For purposes of data protection laws, MobileFuse is the “data controller” (or similar term under applicable laws) and is generally responsible for and controls the processing of your personal information (i) when you visit our websites; (ii) when you sign up for and use our Services, or (iii) when we use personal information for targeted advertising, cross-contextual behavioral advertising, or creating or supplementing user profiles for such purposes, and that personal information does not include a restricted processing signal.
MobileFuse as a Data Processor:
MobileFuse acts as a “data processor” (or similar term under applicable laws), when we process User Information on behalf and under the instruction of the respective Client, who is the data controller. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. MobileFuse is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
MobileFuse participates in the IAB Canada Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies.
MobileFuse participates in the IAB Europe and IAB Canada Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. MobileFuse’s identification number within the framework is 909.
MobileFuse adheres to IAB CCPA Compliance Framework for Publishers & Technology Companies found here:
https://www.iab.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/IAB_CCPA-Compliance-Framework-for-Publishers-Technology-Companies.pdf
.
2.
What Personal Information Do We Collect
Information You Give Us.
You may give us information by signing up for an online account, entering information through our online forms or surveys, inputting information while using our Services, or contacting us by phone or email for information or Client Services.
The categories of information include:
Identifiers
, such as real name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code
, such as name, address, telephone number, education, employment, or employment history.
Commercial information
, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data
, such as approximate location data generated based on your IP address or other information.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Professional or employment-related information
, such as the business or organization you represent, your title with that business or organization, and information relating to your role with the business or organization, job application information, and other details contained in your resume.
Education information.
Inferences
drawn from the above categories of information.
User Information Collected on Behalf of Clients.
When you view an advertisement distributed through MobileFuse on a site, app, or other digital media, we may collect information on you, your device, and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. MobileFuse may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. User Information we may collect includes:
(a)
Device identifiers
. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b)
Location information
, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c)
Network information
, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., Wi-Fi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of Wi-Fi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d)
Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK)
, including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
(e)
Other information
about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
(f)
Advertisement information
. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g., games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g., whether the ad is a text, image, video, or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g., the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked, or otherwise interacted with the ad
(g)
Survey information
. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
User Information Received from Clients.
In the context of our Services, our Clients, partners, or Service Providers may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal User Information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites, or services so that we can effectively provide our Services.
We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
3.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide you with our Sites and Services, which includes:
- maintaining and servicing accounts,
- providing Services to Clients,
- processing and fulfilling orders and transactions,
- verifying Client information,
- processing payments,
- providing financing, and
- providing advertising or marketing services to you.
To provide analytic services, such as analyzing Client usage and improving services offered.
To conduct market research and project planning.
To detect security incidents, protect against fraudulent or other criminal activity, debug and repair errors, and maintain the overall quality and safety of our Sites.
To share your website visitor activity, through website cookies, with third-party marketing partners to market our services on our Sites and other websites that you may visit.
To fulfill our legal and financial obligations.
To provide you with employment opportunities.
Marketing.
We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in any email we send, or you can contact us using the contact details provided in the “Contact Information” section below. You will still continue to receive service-related messages concerning products and services you have purchased (unless we have indicated otherwise).
User Information on Behalf of Clients.
Our clients use User Information to buy and sell advertising space for display on publishers' websites, mobile applications, and other digital media properties (which we collectively refer to as “Digital Media Properties”). Our clients use information we collect on their behalf, in conjunction with other information they have independently collected, to deliver End users targeted advertising that the Client(s) believe will be of particular interest to those End Users. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's (“NAI”) educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work
.
We also use User Information on behalf of Clients for other legitimate business interests, including to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, or locations.
For remarketing or retargeting on behalf of Clients (i.e., to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with).
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective.
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers with reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or Service Providers whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to End Users across multiple mobile devices, including over-the-top applications and smart televisions.
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times.
Build custom audience segments to enable Clients and partners to better target their advertisements and offers to End Users.
Improve our Services and assist Clients and partners in improving their products and services.
Detect, deter, and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems.
Process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are Clients and/or marketer Service Providers.
4.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Privacy Policy as follows:
Clients.
We share User Information with our advertiser clients to help them identify and buy advertising on publishers' Digital Media Properties. Clients may use this information in conjunction with other information they have independently collected to provide you targeted advertising and to help them evaluate whether a particular ad campaign may be of interest to you.
Business Transfers.
We may share personal information in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy.
Vital interest, legal rights, and compliance with laws.
We may share personal information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services or other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including:
to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect the rights and property of MobileFuse, our agents, Clients, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets; and/or
to protect the safety of our employees and agents, our Clients, or any person.
Vendors, partners and other Service Providers.
We may share personal information with our vendors, partners, and other Service Providers who perform functions on our or our clients' behalf and require access to such information to provide us with services or do work for us. Examples include: analyzing data, fraud prevention, hosting data, engaging technical support for our technology platform, and performing analysis related to our technology platform and related services.
Aggregated Data.
We may also aggregate or otherwise strip information of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties or publish it. We reserve the right to make use of any such aggregated data as we see fit.
5.
Online Advertising & Cookies
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. You can view our Cookie Policy
here
.
6.
Do-Not-Track Signals
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not recognize or respond to browser initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
7.
Control Over Your Information
Email Communications.
From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Services, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Modifying Account Information.
If you have a MobileFuse service account with us, you can modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information). Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of, personal information, you may send your request to us by messaging support through your MobileFuse account. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
8.
Your Opt-Out Choices
MobileFuse does not sell or share the personal information we collect and use as a controller, but our Clients may use our technology to sell or share personal information for targeted or personalized advertising.
There are several ways to opt out of receiving targeted advertising our clients may initiate using our technology. Note that different devices use different identifiers and different technologies, so that you must opt out separately from each browser and each device that you would like to be opted out. If you opt out of targeted advertising, we will no longer collect User Information described above from the opted-out device.
Device-Based.
Your device should give you the ability to opt-out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests (see “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” under your settings menu on Android devices or “Limit Ad Tracking” under your settings menu on iOS devices).
App-Based.
You may stop the collection of location information by particular apps or from your device as a whole at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. For more information on how to change your preferences, please see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
.
Submission-Based.
When we are acting as a data processor for our Clients, our Clients are responsible for satisfying disclosure and consent requirements under applicable data protection laws. However, if you want to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for interested-based advertising, we can assist you. Please follow the steps below.
Step 1: Locate Your Digital Identifiers
For us to locate relevant records, we will need you to provide us with your digital identifiers. You can find your digital identifiers as follows:
Mobile Devices and other Internet Connected Devices
Certain mobile devices (for example, mobile phones or tablets using the iOS or Android operating systems) generate a persistent “Advertising Identifier” per device, which, among other things, can be used by third parties, like MobileFuse, for purposes of providing you with targeted advertising.
On iOS devices, your Advertising Identifier may be referred to as an “IDFA,” “IFA,” or an “ID for Advertising.” On Android devices, your Advertising Identifier may be referred to as an “Advertising ID.” Please follow instructions from your mobile device manufacturer on how to locate your specific Advertising Identifier.  The following link may also help you
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
.
Step 2: Verify Your Digital Identifiers
To make sure that we are responding to the correct person, we also will need some supporting proof to demonstrate that the devices that have the digital identifiers you located in Step 1 are yours and that the information you are requesting relates to you. For digital identifiers located on a mobile device, please take a screenshot of the screen that displays the digital identifier.
We may also request that you respond to a few questions, so that we can appropriately verify your identity. Doing this helps us to validate that you have access to the device on which the digital identifiers have been placed (and that you are not an unauthorized third party attempting to “guess” digital identifiers).
Step 3: Submit to MobileFuse
Once you have located your digital identifiers and can provide us with verification (screenshots) of those digital identifiers, please contact us with details of the rights you wish to exercise. The easiest way to do so would be to submit the relevant information to our privacy email at
compliance@mobilefuse.com
. We request the following information:
Your full name.
The state and country in which you are located at the time you are making your request.
A clear statement indicating that you would like to opt out of interest-based advertising.
A full list of your digital identifiers with screenshots as set forth in Step 2 above.
9.
Children
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16. If an individual is under the age of 16, they should not use our Services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete that personal information.
10.
Information Retention and Security
We typically store the User Information we collect from your device, such as Unique Device ID, IP address and other information described above, in our systems for up to 90 days before we anonymize and aggregate that data into summary reports.
In some cases, we may keep some of the User Information for longer periods of time where required under certain laws or to comply with law enforcement or regulatory requests – for example, those relating to corporate governance, taxation, money laundering and financial reporting legislation.
We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. Please note that no transmission or storage of information, however, can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure, though we take all reasonable precautions to protect against security incidents.
11.
Third Party Websites and Services
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
12.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change our Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you are familiar with the most current version.
13.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact MobileFuse's Privacy Team by e-mail at
compliance@mobilefuse.com
or by mail using the details provided below:
MobileFuse LLC
Attn: Compliance Team
PO Box 37
Stirling, NJ 07980
USA
14.
Region-Specific Disclosures
This Privacy Policy is designed to apply to our website visitors, users of our Services, and other companies and users on a global basis. Please refer below for additional disclosures that may be applicable to you.
14.1
Additional Disclosures for Certain U.S. Residents
Several jurisdictions grant state residents certain rights and disclosures in relation to their personal information. We provide the following information to further help you understand your potential privacy rights. If you would like to exercise any right or inquire as to whether such rights are available to you, please contact us using the information in the Contact Us section.
Request for Information or Deletion.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to know whether we are processing your personal information, and in some instances, you have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories listed below for the preceding 12 months. We have the right to request verification of your identity for all requests for information. In responding to this right, we shall provide to you:
The categories of personal information we collect about you.
The categories of sources from which your personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for collecting, selling, sharing, or disclosing your personal information, and the categories of personal information disclosed for such purpose(s).
The categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information.
The categories of personal information we have sold, if any, about you and the categories of third parties to whom your personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
In addition, you may have the right to request we delete your personal information.
Request for Correction.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to request the correction or rectification of inaccurate information in the resident’s personal information.
Request for Portable Data.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to receive, in certain circumstances, a portable format of their personal information that allows the data to be transmitted to another entity.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information. MobileFuse does not sell or share the personal information we collect and use as a controller, but our clients may use our technology to sell or share personal information. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes, you may do so by following the instructions under
Your Opt-Out Choices
section above.
Limiting the Use of Sensitive Personal Information.
Residents of California have the right to direct us to use or disclose sensitive personal information only for providing goods or services, or as otherwise minimally permitted under applicable law. However, we do not collect sensitive personal information for any purpose.
Third Party Marketing.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 may permit you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Automated Processing & Profiling.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the processing of personal information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Right to Equal Service & Price.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to receive equal service and price, even if you exercise a privacy right.
Verification Process for Exercising Rights.
To protect our consumers’ privacy, we verify privacy rights requests to ensure that only you (or your authorized agent) can exercise rights pertaining to your personal information. As part of our verification process, we may request you to submit additional information.
If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a state resident, please contact us using the information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request.
Appeal Process.
If we do not decide to act in response to your request to exercise a right, we will provide a timely response detailing the reasons for not taking the action and, depending on your jurisdiction, any rights that you may have to appeal our decision.
14.2
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
When we use the term “personal information” in this section, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Lawful Bases for Processing (EEA and UK Individuals).
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK), our legal bases for collecting and using your personal information is as follows:
The performance of your contract or to enter the contract and to take action on your requests. For example, the processing of your account registration.
Our legitimate business interests. For example, fraud prevention, maintaining the security of our network and services, direct marketing to you, and improvement of our services.
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation. For example, accounting and tax requirements, which are subject to mandatory retention periods. We may also collect your personal information to record your requests to exercise your rights and to verify your identity for such requests.
Consent you provide where we do not rely on another legal basis. Consent may be withdrawn at any time.
In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
EEA or UK Individuals’ Rights
. If you are from the EEA or UK, you have the right, under certain circumstances, to:
Access your personal information;
Correct inaccurate information in your personal information;
Request erasure of your personal information without undue delay;
Request restriction of, in certain circumstances, the processing of your personal information;
Request receiving a portable copy of your personal information held by us, and to have that portable copy transmitted to another controller; and
To object to the processing of your personal information.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us using the contact details provided in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy, and please specify which privacy right(s) you wish to exercise. We may need to verify your identity to honor your request.
International Transfers of Data.
The personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside the EEA, UK and Switzerland in countries where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States.
In the event of such a transfer by us, we ensure that: (i) the personal information is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out under the “Contact Us” section of the Privacy Policy.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with an EEA supervisory authority. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to first address your concerns and would welcome you directing an inquiry to us via the contact information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Our Data Protection Officer.
As part of our commitment to protecting your personal information, we have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) monitor compliance and provide advice. Our DPO’s contact information is
dpo@mobilefuse.com
.
PO BOX 37
STIRLING, NJ 07980
MOBILEFUSE, LLC | © 2025
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
PRIVACY & OPT-OUT
ADVERTISERS
PUBLISHERS
PROGRAMMATIC BUYERS
CREATIVE SHOWCASE
SUSTAINABILITY
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT
DEVELOPER
ABOUT US
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively. We also share information about your use of our site with our analytics partners in the United States. Select the types of cookies we can use.
Cookies policy
All
Essential