Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective: 3 December 2024
Contents
1. ABOUT US
2. ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
3. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT?
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5. WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING?
6. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
7. YOUR MARKETING CHOICES
8. RETENTION OF YOUR DATA AND DELETION
9. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
10. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
12. CONTACT US
1. ABOUT US
“We”, “us” or “our” means Mount Congreve Gardens, with its principal place of business located at MOUNT CONGREVE GARDENS KILMEADEN Waterford Wd IE X91 PX05.
2. ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us, so we’ve developed this Privacy Policy, which explains how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information. We collect personal information when you use our website(s), mobile apps, and other online and offline products, services and experiences (collectively, the “Services”). Please take a moment to read through this Policy in its entirety.
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or how we use your personal information please contact us via e-mail at admin@mountcongreve.com.
3. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT?
We collect personal information that you provide directly to us:
Contact information. If you sign up to receive our newsletter, emails, or text messages from us, we will collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and any other information needed to contact you about the Services.
Payment information. To order products or services through the Services, you will need to provide us with payment information (like your bank account or credit card information). Please note that your financial information is collected and stored by a third party payment processing company. Use and storage of that information is governed by the third party payment processor’s applicable privacy policy.
Survey information. You may provide us with other personal information when you fill in a form, respond to our surveys or questionnaires, provide us with feedback, participate in promotions, or use other features of the Services.
Communications information. We may also collect other information during our communications with you, including information that you send to us when interacting with our customer service agents, or when you call us or send emails or text messages. This may include information about how you contacted us, your marketing preferences, and other information that you choose to share.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the personal information we collect for the following reasons:
To send you our newsletter, or other information or marketing about our Services that you think may be of interest to you.
To reply to your questions, inquiries, or customer service requests or to send you notices, updates, security alerts, or support and administrative messages.
To provide you with information about the Services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you.
To monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services and to improve the Services.
To facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions, and to process entries and provide prizes and rewards.
To detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities on the Services and to protect the rights and property of us and our customers.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
We may also use your personal information to fulfill our obligations as set out by the applicable law, or to carry out any other purpose as described to you at the time your personal information was collected.
5. WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING?
In certain countries we are required to have a legal basis for collecting and using your personal information.Our legal basis will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. We will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need your information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your fundamental rights. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
6. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We may share your personal information in the following ways:
With vendors, consultants, and other service providers who process your personal information on our behalf when they provide services to us, for example data analytics, research, marketing and financial services.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
We may be legally required to disclose or share your personal information without your consent in some circumstances, for example to comply with a court order or law enforcement. In such circumstances, we will only disclose your personal information if we have a good-faith belief that such sharing is required under applicable legal obligations.
7. YOUR MARKETING CHOICES
When you sign up for a promotion like a sweepstakes, or subscribe to receive our newsletter or marketing/promotional messages, we use your personal information to help us decide which products, services and offers may be of interest to you.
We will send marketing messages to you if you have asked us to send you information, bought goods or services from us, or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion. If you opt out of receiving marketing messages, we may still send you non-promotional emails. We will ask for your consent before we share your personal information with any third party for their direct marketing purposes.
You may unsubscribe from marketing messages through a link we include on messages we send you. You can also ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us at: admin@mountcongreve.com.
8. RETENTION OF YOUR DATA AND DELETION
Your personal information will not be kept longer than is necessary for the specific purpose for which it was collected.
When we decide how long we will keep your information we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, why we need it, and any relevant legal requirements (such as legal retention and destruction periods).
The foregoing will, however, not prevent us from retaining any personal information if it is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, in order to file a legal claim or defend ourselves against a legal claim, or for evidential purposes.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available from us on request by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “Contact Us” heading below.
9. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We will ensure that any transfer of personal information to countries outside of the United States will take place pursuant to the appropriate safeguards.
10. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
Depending on the circumstances, you may have some of the following rights under applicable data protection laws. To exercise any of them, please contact us using the details provided in the “Contact Us” section below
You may
access, correct, or request deletion
of your personal information
You may
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information, (i.e. your data to be transferred in a readable and standardized format).
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
You may also have the right to complain to a supervisory authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority.
11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we have the right to modify this Privacy Policy. We’re likely to update this Privacy Policy in the future and when we make changes. When we update this Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.Please come back and check this page from time to time for the latest information on our privacy practices.
12. CONTACT US
The data controller of your personal information is Mount Congreve Gardens, with its principal place of business located at MOUNT CONGREVE GARDENS KILMEADEN Waterford Wd IE X91 PX05.
If you have questions or concerns about the information in this Privacy Policy, our handling of your personal information, or your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Mount Congreve Gardens
MOUNT CONGREVE GARDENS KILMEADEN Waterford Wd IE X91 PX05
admin@mountcongreve.com