Callsheet Privacy Policy
Last Updated 6 August 2023
Plain English
Far too many times we’ve seen startups and other businesses harvest your contact
database for spam, for profit, or for just doing gross stuff.
Callsheet
never
transmits your identifiable information
anywhere
.
In fact, Callsheet’s code does not send identifiable information anywhere.
Basic analytics are captured in a privacy-first way. These analytics are used
to improve the app, and
cannot
be traced back to you.
The only other time your data leaves your device is if you email for support; at
that time a log is sent by default. None of your pinned items nor your search
history is sent at that time.
Legal Mumbo Jumbo
Personally-Identifying Information
Callsheet does not gather or transmit any Personally-Identifying Information
outside of your local device. It only stores preferences about the user
interface within its own database. Your favorites and some other information
about your use are stored in iCloud, but are never transmitted to me.
Business Transfers
If Callsheet, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely
event that Callsheet goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, this policy and its
effects may change or be amended. (Since Callsheet does not collect any information
about you it’s quite unlikely this privacy policy will be changed.)
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Callsheet may change its Privacy Policy
from time to time, and in Callsheet’s sole discretion. Your continued use of this app
after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify us and undertake to keep us indemnified against any losses, damages,
costs, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, legal expenses and any
amounts paid by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of
our legal advisers) incurred or suffered by us arising out of any breach by you of any
provision of these terms of use, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any
provision of these terms of use.
Copyright © 2014-2025 Limitliss LLC