What’s New
For iOS
For Mac
Pricing
Blog
Login
Try for Free
Privacy policy
Last update: July 15, 2021
Our privacy policy (the Privacy Policy) explains the information we collect, how we use and share it, how to manage your privacy controls to the extent you sign-up for an account, and your rights in connection with our website and our mobile and desktop application Detail (collectively, the Services). Please also read our terms of service (the Terms of Service), available here
https://detail.co/terms
. , which sets out the terms governing the Services.
Detail is headquartered in Amsterdam and our Services are provided to you by Detail Technologies B.V., having its registered address at Chopinstraat 12, 1077 GN, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under 81233264 (Detail or We). Detail is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the GDPR).
Questions or comments about this Privacy Policy may be submitted by e-mail to
support@detail.co
.
Information Detail may process
We collect information about you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you, if you choose to share it with us. We receive information in a few different ways, including when you create an account or upload your video recordings. If you create an account, We also collect information about how you use the Services. There are also several opportunities for you to share information about yourself. For example:
Account, Profile, and Use Information
Detail is headquartered in Amsterdam and our Services are provided to you by Detail Technologies B.V., having its registered address at Chopinstraat 12, 1077 GN, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under 81233264 (Detail or We). Detail is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the GDPR).
Detailed activity and use information
We collect this information about you when you choose to upload a recording, decide to share recordings, or create an event or other activity (including date, time; calendar information, and geo-location information) or otherwise use the Services. This type of information may include video and audio recordings.
Your Contact information
We use your contact information so we can respond to your support requests and comments.
Third-party accounts
Detail allows you to sign up and log in to the Services using accounts you create with third-party products and services, such as Facebook, Google (including Google Calendar), or Apple (collectively, Third-Party Accounts). Through these Third-Party Accounts you can also share information. If you access the Services with Third-Party Accounts, we will collect information that you have agreed to make available such as your name, email address, profile information and preferences. Additionally, we may access your Third-Party Account calendar (such as your Google Calendar) and calendar entries to provide you with notifications of upcoming events or view details of upcoming events. The Third-Party Account user ID may be saved alongside your name and profile picture URL. This information is collected by the Third-Party Account provider and is provided to Detail under their privacy policies. You can generally control the information that we receive from these sources using the privacy controls in your Third-Party Account.
Contacts information
You can choose to add your contacts’ information by connecting your contacts from your Third-Party Accounts. If you choose to share your contacts, [We will, in accordance with your instructions, access and store your contacts’ information in order to invite your contacts to events or to request payment. If you wish to withdraw any permission for us to access your Contacts Information (for instance, through your address book or other services), you can do so the Third-Party’s website.
Payment information
When you make a payment on Detail, for example in case of subscribing to our Services, or collect payments, you may provide payment information such as your payment card or other payment details. We use payment card industry compliant third-party payment services and we do not store your credit card information.
Technical information
We collect information from your browser, computer, or mobile device, which provide us with technical information when you access or use the Services. This technical information includes device and network information, cookies, log files and analytics information. Learn more about how we use cookies by visiting our
Cookie Policy
.
YouTube Service Integration
Detail allows users to upload videos through our platform to YouTube using Youtube API services. In accordance with this feature, users are required to authenticate their Google account and grant specific permissions to our platform. By using this feature, you understand and agree to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Services
and
Google Privacy Policy
. Additionally, you can manage these permissions at any time by visiting
Google's Security Settings
.
Other information
We may collect information from you through third parties, such as when we collect your feedback through surveys. The Services use log files. The information stored in those files includes IP addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer, protect and secure the Services. IP addresses may be linked to session IDs and device identifiers.
Our legal basis for processing your information
Detail relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including:
as necessary to provide the Services and fulfil our obligations pursuant to the
Terms of Service
. For example, we cannot register your account unless you provide us with basic account information (such as email address, name);
where you have consented to the processing;
where necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims; and
where necessary for the purposes of Detail’s or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as our commercial interests in ensuring the sustainability of the Services.
How Detail uses your information
We use the information we collect and receive to provide the Services for the following objectives:
To provide the Services
We use the information we collect and receive to provide the Services, including providing you with the ability to:
Improve your video communications. For example, by applying filters and other video enhancement techniques to your imagery.
Ensure operability with video streaming services. For example, to stream your video class on Zoom or Google Meet.
Store and share your recordings. For example, to send a recorded session to your friends.
Organise events. For example, to connect your Google Calendar to Detail and make participants pay through the Detail website.
Transcribe recordings. For example, to let you receive a textual transcription of your video class.
To customize your experience
We use the information we collect about you and your activities to customize your experience. For example, we may suggest new features that may interest you. We are processing this data on the basis of our Terms of Service and in furtherance of our legitimate business interests to offer you the most optimal possible Service.
To protect the Services
We use the information we collect to enforce our
Terms of Service
. For example, we find and remove events and/or accounts that violate our terms.
To improve our Services
We also use the information we collect to analyze, develop and improve the Services. To do this, Detail may use third-party analytics providers to gain insights into how our Services are used and to help us improve the Services. We are processing this data on the basis of our Terms of Service and in furtherance of our legitimate business interests to offer you the most optimal possible Service.
To communicate with you
We use the information we collect to provide support in response to your requests and comments. We process this data in accordance and to effect our Terms of Service.
Promotion of Services
We may also use the information we collect to market and promote the Services, activities and events on Detail, and other commercial products or services. This includes marketing and push communications, where you have not opted out of receiving such messages and notifications and have approved receiving push notifications. We are processing this data on the basis of your consent and in furtherance of our legitimate business interests.
To process your subscription
We use the information we collect to process your subscription. We process this information in order to provide you with our Services in accordance with our Terms of Service.
Third party business via API or other integrations
We enable you to share your information and content with third party apps, plugins, or websites that integrate with the Services. You can choose to share your profile data and events (including private activities). Information collected by these third parties is subject to their terms and policies. Detail is not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties. We advise you to read the privacy conditions and settings of these third parties carefully.
Affiliates and acquirors of our business or assetsty business via API or other integrations
We may share your information with affiliates under common control with us, who are required to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to your information. If Detail becomes involved in a business combination, shares offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution or other similar transaction, we may share or transfer your information in connection with such a transaction. If We engage advisors in relation to a potential transaction, they are obliged to comply with the conditions in this Privacy Statement. When there are changes in the way your personal data is handled, We will first communicate this to you.
Protection of your information
We take several measures to safeguard the collection, transmission and storage of the data we collect. We employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity. The Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of personal information and credit card numbers in transit. In addition, Detail’s secure servers protect collected information using advanced firewall technology and encryption of data at rest.
Third party service providers
We may share your information with third parties who provide services to Detail such as supporting, improving, promoting and securing the Services, or processing payments. These service providers only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information. We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of the Services over time on our behalf, so that we or they may promote Detail or display information that may be relevant to your interests on the Services or other websites or services.
Your rights
You can request to exercise your rights with regard to your personal data:
Withdrawing permission
Where you have previously provided your consent, such as to permit us to save recordings, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent by updating your account settings. In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
Access to processing information
You can ask us which personal data we process from you. If we do so, we will share with you which personal data is processed, with what purpose, with which third parties it is shared, the storage periods used, the source of which personal data may have been collected from outside of you and information about any automated decision-making, if any.
Rectify, restrict, limit, delete
You can also rectify, restrict, limit or delete much of your information by logging into your account, such as to edit your profile, delete materials you have uploaded, or delete your account. You can also contact us if you’re unable to do so yourself. Furthermore, you can request us to limit the processing of your personal data when the correctness of the personal data is disputed, the processing of personal data is unlawful but you do not want it to be deleted, or if you are waiting for the response on a request for exercising the right of objection. In that case, we still store the data, but we do not process it further.
Objection
Where we process your information based on our legitimate interests, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
Data transfer (data portability)
You can request us to obtain your personal data in a structured, current and machine-readable form or transfer it to another organization when the data processing takes place automatically and is based on permission or an agreement.
Contact us
You can submit a request to exercise the above rights by contacting us at
support@detail.co
. We aim to respond within three weeks of receiving the request.
Complaint with the competent authorities
You can also submit a complaint to the Dutch Data Protection Authority when you believe that Details violates your privacy rights.
Legal requirements
We may preserve and share your information with third parties, including law enforcement, public or governmental agencies, or private litigants, within or outside your country of residence, if we determine that such disclosure is allowed by the law or reasonably necessary to comply with the law, including to respond to court orders, warrants, subpoenas, or other legal or regulatory process. We may also retain, preserve or disclose your information if we determine that this is reasonably necessary or appropriate to prevent any person from death or serious bodily injury, to address issues of public importance, to prevent or detect violations of our https://detail.co/terms, or to protect our operations or our property or other legal rights, including by disclosure to our legal counsel and other consultants and third parties in connection with actual or potential litigation.
Retention of Information
Retention period
We retain information as long as it is necessary to provide the Services to you and others, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. Information associated with your account will generally be kept until it is no longer necessary to provide the Services or until your account is deleted. In addition, you can delete some items of information (e.g., profile information) without deleting your account. Calendar information, if provided, will be deleted within three weeks. Please note that following your deletion of your account, it may take up to 90 days to fully delete your personal information and system logs from our systems. Additionally, we may retain information to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the
Terms of Service
and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Aggregation
Information connected to you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our Services may be de-identified or aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights which are commercially valuable to Details, such as statistics of the use of the Services.
Transfers
Your personal data will only be stored or processed by us or by third parties engaged outside the European Union (and the EEA) if this is in accordance with the applicable regulations (in particular, the GDPR) for the transfer of personal data to countries outside the European Union. This means that we will only pass on your personal data to countries outside the European Union if the European Union has decided that the third country concerned guarantees an adequate level of protection, or if other appropriate safeguards are offered, such as an adequacy decision or the use of standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission.
Privacy Policy Information
Detail reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review it occasionally. If Detail makes changes to this Privacy Policy, the updated Privacy Policy will be posted on the Services in a timely manner and, if we make material changes, we will provide prominent notice. If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should stop using the Services and, if you have created one, you should delete your account.
Sign up for news and resources
Unsubscribe at any time.
Sign Up
Detail
Try for Free
Become an Affiliate
Support
Help for iOS
Help for Mac
Resources
Podcast Cheatsheet
Detail Blog
Follow Us
© 2025 Detail Technologies B.V. All rights reserved
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Powered by Framer