Product
Visualization
Analysis
Data management
Connecting to data
Extensibility
Integrations
Security
Download
Solutions
Industry
Autonomous driving
Defense
Logistics and supply chain
Form factor
Autonomous vehicle
Humanoid
Drone
Product
Resources
Why Foxglove
Documentation
Changelog
Blog
API Reference
Tutorials
Status
Contact Us
Help & Support
Customers
Pricing
Download
Examples
Sign in
Get started
Get started
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 12, 2024
This Privacy Policy explains how Foxglove Technologies Inc. ("
Foxglove
," "
we
," "
us
", or "
our
") collects, uses, transfers, processes, and discloses information about you. This Privacy Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather when you use our applications, software, and services (collectively, our "
Services
"), contact our support team, engage with us on social media or other online forums, or otherwise interact with us. For clarity, this Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Data we process as a service provider or data processor on behalf of our customers.
Throughout this Privacy Policy,
"Personal Data"
means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual, and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations. We endeavor to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with us and the practices described in this Privacy Policy. We enter into data processing agreements and model clauses with vendors whenever feasible and appropriate.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Contents
What information we collect
How we use your information
How we share information we collect
Our use of cookies and tracking technologies
How we secure your information
How long we retain your information
How we transfer information internationally
Your choices
Contact us
What information we collect
Information you provide to us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, you may share information directly with us when you register for an account, fill out a form, submit or post content through our Services, make a purchase, communicate with us via third-party platforms (including by email), participate in a contest or promotion, contact us through our Services, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of Personal Data we may collect include your name, organization name, email address, billing address, phone number, credit card and other payment information, and any other information you choose to provide. If you apply for a job with us, we may also collect information relating to your previous employment, as well as any other information you choose to provide.
Information we collect automatically when you interact with us
When you access or use our Services or otherwise transact with us, we automatically collect certain information, including:
Transactional information:
When you make a purchase, we collect information about the transaction, such as your full name, address, product or plan details, purchase price, and the date, time, and location of the transaction.
Usage information:
If you're accessing or using our Services, we may automatically collect information such as the pages you view, the referring site, your IP address, and information about your device, session information, the date and time of each request, and telemetry data (i.e. information about how a specific feature or service is performing).
Device information:
We may collect information about your device, such as its IP address, browser or client application information, language preference, operating system and application version, device type and ID, and device model and manufacturer.
Cookies:
As further described below, we collect information from cookies in connection with our Services.
Information we collect from other sources
We obtain information from third-party sources. For example, we may collect information about you from data analytics providers. Additionally, if you create or sign in to your Foxglove account through a third-party platform (such as Google or Microsoft), we will have access to certain information from that platform, such as your name, email address, and profile picture, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such platform.
Information we derive
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect to provide the products and services you requested and to administer your account. We also use the information we collect to:
Maintain and improve our products and services;
Process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations, receipts, and invoices;
Personalize and improve your experience on our Services;
Send you technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, and events offered by Foxglove and others and provide news and information that we think will interest you (see
Your choices
for information about how to opt out of these communications);
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Detect, investigate, and prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and protect the rights and property of Foxglove and others;
Debug to identify and repair errors in our Services;
Comply with our legal and financial obligations; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
How we share information we collect
We share Personal Data in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy:
We share Personal Data with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to Personal Data in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, payment processing, fraud prevention, customer service, and marketing and advertising.
Some of our Services may permit you to participate in a shared environment, including, for example, sharing layouts in Foxglove that are accessible to other individuals in your organization. If you submit content in a shared environment, we share this information with other users who have access to that environment on our Services.
If you choose to download and use third party extensions from our extension registry, we may share certain information with those third parties.
We may disclose Personal Data if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may share Personal Data if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Foxglove, our users, the public, or others.
We share Personal Data with our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
We may share Personal Data in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
We share Personal Data with your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Our use of cookies and tracking technologies
Cookies are small text files sent by us to your computer or mobile device, which enable Foxglove features and functionality such as signing in. They are unique to your account or your browser. Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies last until you or your browser deletes them or until they expire.
Foxglove uses cookies to provide, secure and improve our Services, or to develop new features and functionality of our Services. We also allow others to provide analytics services on our behalf. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, operating system, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by Foxglove and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your activity.
Our emails to users may contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell us whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. We use this pixel tag to make our email communications more effective and to make sure we are not sending you unwanted email.
For more information about how to disable cookies, see the
Your Choices
section below.
How we secure your information
We take steps that are reasonably necessary to securely provide our Services. We have put in place reasonably appropriate security measures designed to prevent your Personal Data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. We limit access to Personal Data only to those employees, agents, contractors and the third parties who have a business need-to-know.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. If required, we will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach. We also require those parties to whom we transfer your Personal Data to provide acceptable standards of security.
Notwithstanding, no internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. More information is available at
https://foxglove.dev/security
. For any questions about the security of your information, please contact
privacy@foxglove.dev
.
How long we retain your information
We use the following criteria to determine our retention periods:
The amount, nature and sensitivity of your information;
The reasons for which we collect and process the Personal Data;
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide you with access to our Platform; and
Applicable legal requirements.
We retain Personal Data for as long as needed to provide our Services. We also will retain Personal Data that we've collected from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). Additionally, we cannot delete information when it is needed for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims (also known as a "litigation hold"). In this case, the information must be retained as long as needed for exercising respective potential legal claims.
When we no longer have an ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
In some instances, we may choose to anonymize your Personal Data instead of deleting it, for statistical use, for instance. When we choose to anonymize, we make sure that there is no way that the Personal Data can be linked back to you or any specific user.
How we transfer information internationally
Foxglove is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and service providers in the United States or other countries. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your Personal Data to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
Your choices
Personal Data
If you register for an account with us, you may update and correct certain account information, or deactivate your account at any time by signing into your account. Please contact
privacy@foxglove.dev
if you have any other questions or requests related to your Personal Data.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually adjust your browser settings to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that removing or rejecting cookies will affect the functionality of our Services.
Communications preferences
You may opt out of receiving promotional or newsletter emails from Foxglove by following the instructions in those communications. If you opt out, we may still send you transactional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
European data protection rights
If you are in the European Economic Area, we process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable laws, and if the processing of Personal Data about you is subject to European Union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data:
You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, Personal Data
If any automated processing of Personal Data is based on your consent or a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of the Personal Data in a usable and portable format
If the processing of Personal Data is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing
You can to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of Personal Data under certain circumstances.
To make such requests, please use the contact information at the bottom of this policy. When we are processing data on behalf of another party (i.e., where Foxglove is acting as a data processor) you should direct your request to that party. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
We rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing Personal Data about you, for example, with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the services you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about Foxglove’s policies or practices, please contact us:
Primary contact
Foxglove Technologies Inc
privacy@foxglove.dev
548 Market St #21536
San Francisco, CA 94104
United States
EU representative
Instant EU GDPR Representative Ltd
Reporting Link:
https://foxglovetechnologiesinc.gdprlocal.com/eu
contact@gdprlocal.com
+353 15 549 700
Office 2 12A Lower Main Street
Lucan Co. Dublin K78 X5P8 Ireland
UK representative
GDPR Local Ltd
Reporting Link:
https://foxglovetechnologiesinc.gdprlocal.com/uk
contact@gdprlocal.com
+441 772 217 800
1st Floor Front Suite 27-29 North Street
Brighton England BN1 1EB
Start building with Foxglove.
Get started