PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy applies to the LOLAGRE / JEFFPROD websites and applications.
SECTION 1 : PREAMBLE
The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform users:
On how their personal data is collected. Personal data is any information that can identify a user. As such, it can be: his name and surname, his age, his postal or email address, his location or his IP address (non-exhaustive list);
On the rights they have concerning these data;
On the person responsible for processing the personal data collected and processed;
On the recipients of this personal data;
On the site’s policy regarding cookies.
This policy complements the
general terms of use
and the
general terms of sale
that are available to users.
SECTION 2 : PRINCIPLES RELATING TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
In accordance with Article 5 of the European Regulation 2016/679, personal data are:
Processed lawfully, fairly and transparently to the data subject;
Collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes (see Article 3.1 hereof) and not further processed in a way incompatible with those purposes
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed;
Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date. All reasonable steps must be taken to ensure that personal data which are inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, are erased or rectified without delay;
Kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed;
Processed in such a way as to ensure appropriate security of the data collected, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures.
Processing is lawful only if, and to the extent that, at least one of the following conditions is met:
The data subject has consented to the processing of his/her personal data for one or more specific purposes;
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or for the performance of pre-contractual measures taken at the request of the data subject;
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the controller is subject;
The processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person;
Processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
The processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require the protection of personal data prevail, in particular where the data subject is a child.
SECTION 3 : PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED AND PROCESSED
Our websites do not track Internet users : no cookies, no advertising, no visitor statistics tools.
Our mobile applications that display advertisements use the
Google AdMob
network. In compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)
, consent for the distribution of targeted or non-personalized ads is provided within our applications by the service provider
SFBX
whose consent management platform (CMP) is
certified by Google
. With your consent, this service provider will be authorised to receive your advertising identifier in order to display personalised advertisements. Parents, guardians, or caregivers are informed that we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
SECTION 4 : YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
The right to be informed.
The right of access.
The right to rectification.
The right to erasure.
The right to restrict processing.
The right to data sharing.
The right to object.
Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling.
If you wish to exercise this right, please
contact the data protection officer
.
SECTION 5 : CONDITIONS FOR CHANGING THE PRIVACY POLICY
The editor of the LOLAGRE site reserves the right to modify the present Policy at any time in order to ensure that the users of the site are in conformity with the law in force.
The user is invited to take note of this Policy each time he/she uses our services, without it being necessary to formally inform him/her.
The present policy, edited on August 1st, 2022, was updated on December 12th, 2023.