products
Home
Emburse Nexonia
Simplify managing your organization’s finances
Fully integrated expense reporting, invoice management, time tracking, and travel solutions
request demo
login
These organizations use Emburse Nexonia
Emburse Nexonia
Tailored for your organization
Our solution extends the functionality of your current accounting system or ERP with configurable controls, a great mobile end-user experience, and exceptional service.
Configurable approval workflows
Flexible workflows mirror your approval structure and can adapt as you grow.
Easy-to-use mobile app
Create and manage your expenses faster, from anywhere.
Seamless integrations
Effortlessly update data within your current financial software platform.
Expense management software
Nexonia Expense
A configurable expense management solution that eliminates manual reporting, ensures compliance, and helps control your T&E spend.
Configurable policies and workflows
Nexonia supports nearly unlimited levels of approval routing. Define
your existing expense policies and let the solution’s powerful policy
engine enforce controls automatically.
Robust system integrations
We specialize in highly-configurable system integrations. Bi-directional, API-based integrations with ERPs like NetSuite, Sage Intacct, and Intuit QuickBooks ensure your data transfers securely and automatically.
Card program interface
Dedicated administrator tools help them manage your card programs and securely import transaction data directly from banks.
Global tax & VAT expertise
Efficiently manage VAT reclaim and tax regulations whether you work in North America or around the world.
Travel management software
Nexonia Travel
Online booking and travel management to simplify how you manage employee travel.
Book an entire trip at once
Feature-rich search capabilities make it easy to book flights, rail, car rentals, and hotels.
Track unused inventory
Apply tickets that weren't used to future travel needs, and maximize your T&E spend.
Live itineraries
Travelers receive push notifications for any itinerary changes and updates.
Anywhere, anytime access
Connect to all travel details and manage bookings from your mobile and desktop devices.
Integrations
Make better decisions faster with integrations
Thanks to the tight integrations available with Nexonia’s Expense solution, all data is passed back and visible in existing accounting and ERP systems, providing complete visibility for informed and efficient decision making.
Sage Intacct
NetSuite
QuickBooks
Xero
Room to Read
Learn how this global non-profit improved financial efficiency by 80% and helped 100,000+ children in the process
learn more
ESG Automotive
Nexonia's Oracle NetSuite integration drove productivity for this automotive tech leader, saving finance 24 hours each month.
learn more
Testimonials
What our customers are saying
“
And how they continue to take customer feedback and make our lives easier.”
”
Sommer Clayman
Controller
at Apartment Life
“
Which has greatly reduced manual AP tasks. Now my staff can spend more time working on innovative projects to improve our business.”
”
Kathy Crelly
Director of Finance
at National  Athletic Trainers’ Association
“
And that goes all the way from the top right through to their customer service.”
”
Tammy Bunting
CFO
at Preston Trail Community Church
Get started with Nexonia
If Nexonia sounds like the right fit for your company, schedule a personalized demo.
request demo
Trusted by