FYI Mobileware
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Revised: Jan 5, 2024
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by FYI Mobileware, Inc. (“FYI Mobileware”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you visit our website, use our mobile service application (“iXpenseIt”) or otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time-to-time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as a statement provided via iXpenseIt or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access iXpenseIt to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, fill out a form, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, location and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use iXpenseIt
When you access or use iXpenseIt, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Location Information: We collect information about the location of your device each time you access or use iXpenseIt. For more details, please see “Your Choices” below.
Device Information: We collect information about the device you use to access iXpenseIt, including the hardware model and unique device identifiers.
Log Information: We log information about your use of iXpenseIt, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to iXpenseIt.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that helps us to improve iXpenseIt and your experience. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in iXpenseIt or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through iXpenseIt. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties including, but not limited to, identity verification services and publicly available sources. If you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends’ lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
USE OF INFORMATION
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Provide and deliver services you request and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices;
Provide, maintain and improve iXpenseIt;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with iXpenseIt;
Personalize and improve iXpenseIt and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected;
FYI Mobileware is based in the United States, and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using iXpenseIt or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
SHARING INFORMATION
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of FYI Mobileware or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of FYI Mobileware' assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through iXpenseIt that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.
ANALYTICS SERVICES
We may allow others to provide analytics services in connection with iXpenseIt. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of iXpenseIt and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. We and others may use this information to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, personalize the user experience, and better understand your activity.
SECURITY
FYI Mobileware takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
YOUR CHOICES
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging into your account or by emailing us at
support@ixpenseit.com
. If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email us at
support@ixpenseit.com
but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period.
To request delete your account, you can also go to the Settings in the app and select Delete Account.
Location Information
When you first launch iXpenseIt's auto mileage logging, you will be asked to consent to iXpenseIt's collection of location information. We require this location information in order for iXpenseIt to function as designed.
If you consent to our collection of location information, you may subsequently stop the collection of this location information at any time by pausing location tracking from within the application’s settings menu, or by changing the location preferences on your mobile device. However, if you stop the collection of this location information, iXpenseIt can no longer provide information about your drives.
If you consent to our collection of location information and you do not subsequently stop the collection of this location information, iXpenseIt will continue to collect this location information.
If you consent to our collection of location information, subsequently stop the collection of this location information and later consent to the collection of this location information, iXpenseIt will resume the collection of location information.
You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove iXpenseIt from your device.
All transit and drive data associated with a particular driver can be deleted from all active databases upon request. Once this data has been deleted, it cannot be recovered. However, we may not remove information from our backup systems.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from FYI Mobileware by following the instructions in those communications or by changing your notification settings in the application’s settings menu. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at
support@ixpenseit.com
. However, please note that under the law, services such as iXpenseIt that permit California residents to opt into or opt out of this type of sharing are not required to provide such information upon receiving a request, but rather may respond by notifying the user of his or her right to prevent the disclosure. To opt out of having information about you shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes, please email us at
support@ixpenseit.com
.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@ixpenseit.com