Universalis
Apps etc
>
iPhone / iPad / iPod Touch
iPhone/iPad/iPod terms of use and privacy policy
For purchasers of the Universalis apps
Apple give us no information about you.
We collect no information about you ourselves.
For purchasers of music and subscriptions
Apple give us no information about you.
We collect no information about you ourselves.
If you sign up for daily emails
We store your email address and the list of pages you have asked to be sent to you.
We use this information to send you the emails you have asked for. We don't give it to anyone. If you want to stop receiving the automated emails, just reply to one of them. If you want us to delete you completely from our records, let us know and we will do it.
Terms of service
You are allowed to use the apps according to the standard App Store terms of service.
You can copy and paste text from the apps for your own private use, but you cannot republish them.
See the detailed description in our FAQ page
. If you have any doubts or questions, please use the "Contact Us" link at the bottom right-hand corner of this page. Printing things for a retreat or prayer group, if non-commercial, is usually OK; pasting into a web page is not.
We believe the texts and liturgical algorithms to be correct. If you find any discrepancy between what you see and what you expect, contact us and we will do our best to sort it out.
If you take out a subscription through the App Store then it is between you and Apple. We are not allowed to start, alter, cancel or refund subscriptions. Purchased subscriptions renew themselves automatically until you tell them to stop auto-renewing.
Apple's instructions are here
. You can't cancel a subscription once it has started, but you can tell it not to renew itself in future. You won't get a refund but you will get the benefit of the subscription until the next renewal date. (Note: be sure to turn off auto-renewal before the last date of the current subscription period, because Apple take payment for the new period up to 24 hours before the old one expires).
Once you have subscribed for a given period, you will get the benefit of the days covered by that period for ever. For example: if you subscribe on the 4th of January 2016 and turn off auto-renewal on the 5th, you will not get a refund; your subscription will run until the 4th of February and then stop; and for ever after, you will be able to look at the 32 days between the 4th of January and the 4th of February 2016, inclusive, and make use of all their subscription content.
See also:
Privacy policy for the Easter alleluias
.
This web site © Copyright 1996-2021
Universalis 
      Publishing Ltd
·
Contact us
·
Cookies/privacy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://universalis.com/n-ios-privacy-alleluias.htm:
Universalis
Apps etc
>
iPhone / iPad / iPod Touch
iPhone/iPad/iPod terms of use and privacy policy: Easter alleluias
See also:
Our main privacy policy page
.
At Eastertide, every  page in the Universalis apps has a special Alleluia button. Anyone who presses it will hear Alleluias spoken by users of Universalis around the world.
If you have contributed a recorded Alleluia for other people to hear (or are thinking of doing so), read on.
When your voice will be heard
Every time the Alleluia button is pressed, the app chooses three Alleluias to play. It chooses them at random. Thus if we have 300 Alleluias in our files, everyone has a 1-in-100 chance of hearing your voice.
What people will know about you
Nothing.
No information is put into the audio files – only the sound of your voice.
What we know about you
If you send us your voice by email, we will know your email address. If you send us your voice through iMessage or WhatsApp, we will know your phone number.
How we use this information
We do not use this information for anything at all.
How to be forgotten
If you change your mind and don’t want your voice included after all, email us at
universalis@universalis.com
and let us know.
Money
We don’t charge anyone for hearing the Alleluias, so we don’t pay you for using your voice.
See also:
Privacy policy for the Easter alleluias
.
This web site © Copyright 1996-2021
Universalis 
      Publishing Ltd
·
Contact us
·
Cookies/privacy
Sub-policy 1
https://universalis.com/Library/privacy.htm:
Universalis
Our privacy policy
We don’t want to know anything about you.
We never tell anyone else anything about you.
If you want to know what data we hold on you (or if you want us to forget you),
please contact us
.
Universalis app
We know nothing about you.
When you buy an Universalis app, it comes from Apple, Amazon or Google Play,  not from us. Your purchase is a private matter between you and them. They tell us nothing about you at all.
This is why, if you email us with a question about a Universalis app,
please tell us what app you’ve got
, because we have no way of knowing.
The app does not send us any information about
you
.
Technical information: technical support and analytics
At intervals, an app will send our server technical information unconnected to your identity (for instance, "Universalis 2.175 on Android 11"). The report doesn’t say who it came from and we have no way of connecting it to you. We use these data for statistical and planning purposes: for instance, “Are enough people still using this very old version of the operating system, so that we need to continue to support it?”.
Remembrance cards (iOS-only feature)
If you use the Remembrance Cards feature on the Universalis apps for iOS, then your cards will be stored
in your own private section of iCloud.
This is so that if you have several iOS devices, whatever changes you make on one device will be visible on all of them. Nobody but you can read your private iCloud data. Nevertheless, if you want to delete these cards from iCloud, go into the Universalis settings screen and turn "Synchronize in iCloud" off. You will be given the option of just disconnecting from iCloud or also deleting all the cards from your iCloud storage. Either way, the cards will remain on your devices and although they won't be synchronized automatically you can still send cards from one device to another by using AirDrop.
Universalis web site
We keep no information about you.
Like all web servers, our server logs every page request it receives. Every web page you view makes one line in the server log. The line does not identify you but it does identify the IP address your request came from. Nobody ever looks at the log and the log files are deleted automatically after a month.
Cookies
We do not use cookies to identify you.
Our web server
may
ask your browser to store one or two cookies for use on a future visit. They do not contain personally identifying information. Here is what the cookies say:
Your local calendar.
If you use something other than the General Calendar, you need to visit a slightly different Universalis page. For instance, if you were in England then instead of
universalis.com/mass.htm
, you would visit
universalis.com/
Europe.England
/mass.htm
. When you do this, the Universalis web site asks your browser to store a cookie saying “Europe.England”. This is so that in future, for you, even
universalis.com/mass.htm
will take you directly to the pages for England.
Only your browser remembers your cookie. We don’t store it. When your browser sends it with your request for a page, all it does is tell us which local calendar to use if you don’t specify one.
Your time zone.
When you visit Universalis, you usually want the page for today. “Today” means different things in different parts of the world: when it’s Wednesday in California, it may well be Thursday in Tokyo. When your browser asks us for a page, it can’t tell us what date it is where you are. But thanks to a little technical wizardry in the page we send you, the browser
asks itself
what day it is, and if the day doesn’t match, it sends a second request to Universalis to get the page for the right day. At this point Universalis gives the browser a cookie to say “time zone GMT +9 hours” (or whatever). Next time, our server will be able to give it the right page for
your
“today” without having to be asked twice.
Only your browser remembers your cookie. We don’t store it. When your browser sends it with your request for a page, all it does is tell us which time zone to use when calculating the date.
Each time you request a page from Universalis, the web server uses these cookies to give you exactly the right page (the right date and the right calendar). It does not make a record of those cookies.
If you decide to turn off cookies in your browser, nothing bad will happen.
The Universalis email service
If you sign up for the daily email service, we have to keep your email address so that we can send you the daily emails you have requested.
Along with your email address we keep a note of which Universalis pages you want to have sent to you, what time you want them sent, and which local calendar you want. We don’t store anything else. We don’t know who you are. We only have an email address and we use it for nothing except the sending of the daily emails you asked us for.
To stop the email service,
reply to one of the daily emails. It doesn’t matter what you say. The mere fact of a reply being sent automatically turns off the emails.
We do not use your email address for anything other than the daily emails.
The Universalis email newsletter
If you sign up for our newsletters, we have to keep your email address so that we can send you the newsletters you have requested.
We don’t know who you are. We only have an email address and we use it for nothing except the sending of the newsletters you asked us for.
To stop the newsletters,
reply to one of them. It doesn’t matter what you say. The mere fact of a reply being sent automatically turns off the sending of newsletters.
We do not use your email address for anything other than the regular newsletters.
Buying a Universalis registration code
If you buy a Universalis registration code, we never see your payment details. But we do see your name and address, and your email address, and we keep them.
When you try to buy a registration code from us, our site passes you on to Worldpay’s payment site with a request saying “Please ask this person to pay us £19.99” (or whatever the amount is). If you do then go through with the payment, Worldpay send us a message saying that payment has been received and giving your name, address, and email address. They do not give us any of your credit card details.
We use your email address instantly
to send you the registration code you asked for.
We store your email address forever, together with your name and address,
so that if you forget your registration code in future then we can look you up and tell you what the code was.
We never use your email address for anything else.
If you send us an email
If you send us an email, we will know what your email address is.
We will keep your emails on file forever, purely so that if you write to us again in a few years' time, we can see what the correspondence has been so far.
This web site © Copyright 1996-2023
Universalis 
      Publishing Ltd
·
Contact us
·
Cookies/privacy