App Store
Preview
Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.
Screenshots
iPad
iPhone
Description
* Limited-Time Special Just $2.99! In celebration of our 8-millionth download -- this is our best version, EVER! QuickVoice PRO is the iPhone/iPod/iPad's premier recorder, with SpinVox for sending TEXT EMAILS using just voice and a few touches...No Typing Required! Also includes a bonus copy of our $15 award winning computer software, QuickVoice for Mac or Windows, and unheard of MONEY BACK GUARANTEE!
"What's On iPhone" calls QuickVoice "The Most Exciting iPhone App Update EVER!!" Google the review--it's worth the read.
News! QuickVoice now features a built-in ringtone recording feature so you can produce your own high quality ringtones for free. Use recordings of your music, friends and family, or sound effects then assign different tones to different contacts... Very cool!
Both QuickVoice for the iPhone and the computer "companion" app are ideal for capturing ideas, voice memos, dictation, "to do" lists, classes, meetings, even entire lectures and seminars! Ideal for professional, educational, and personal use.
No other speech app even comes close to all these features and value!
* Simple ‘Touch & Speak’ Design!
* SpinVox Voice2Text Emails to 30-seconds!
* Super useful Voice Reminders!
* Send voice notes via Messages!
* Send Voicemails Up To 20MB!
* Built-In Ringtone Recording Function!
* Pause Record...a must have!
* iTunes Syncing Copies Your Recordings to iTunes
* Adjustable Recording Qualities to 44.1kHz!
* Records For Seconds or Hours!
* BONUS Desktop Recorder For Mac or Windows!
* Use Other Apps While Recording!
* and MONEY BACK GUARANTEE!
Visit nFinity's website or YouTube channel to view demo video of "QuickVoice2Text Email."
Important Bonus Note: To obtain the BONUS QuickVoice for computer simply send an email to 241bonus@nfinityinc.com
more
What’s New
Version History
20 Jan 2016
Version 2.0.6
This app has been updated by Apple to display the Apple Watch app icon.
• Corrected an issue with the sharing feature so now users can share recordings with services like Dropbox as well as with other apps, that support the playback of QuickVoice recordings.
Ratings and Reviews
See All
3.0
out of 5
2 Ratings
2 Ratings
Great app
Great app well worth the money. But would like the abilty to make folders and record in them so I can split up lectures into classes . That's my only complaint .oh and bigger email sending limit would be nice 20mb isn't enough
more
Crap app
This sounded really good so I bought it, it does not work, I record my message, letters etc., then try to e mail but the send option does not work, it's so frustrating!
Apple should be screening apps to ensure they work before permitted to be sold
Fix it, I've been robbed
more
Crap
I bought this app and it failed to deliver it simply is not able to understand what I am saying and therefore the text is wrong
Do not buy this, go buy yourself an ice cream it won't last as long but it will make you happy !!!!!!!!!! ;-))))
more
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
nFinity Inc
, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to Apple.
No Details Provided
The developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update.
Information
Provider
nFinity Inc has not identified itself as a trader for this app. If you are a consumer in the European Economic Area, consumer rights do not apply to agreements between you and the provider.
Size
1.8 MB
Category
Business
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 7.0 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 7.0 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 7.0 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English, Dutch, French, German, Greek, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Turkish
more
Age Rating
4+
Copyright
© nFinity, Inc 2002-2014    QuickVoice 2002-2014
Price
€2.99
Developer Website
App Support
Developer Website
App Support
Supports
Family Sharing
Up to six family members can use this app with Family Sharing enabled.
More By This Developer
QuickVoice® Recorder
Business
You Might Also Like
See All
Outliner for iPad
Productivity
Ethereum Wallet Tracker
Finance
PDF Export Pro - PDF Editor
Business
Voice Record Pro 7 Full
Productivity
Voice Recorder HD
Business
Voice2Mail
Productivity
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/app-store/:
Apple
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
Entertainment
Accessories
Support
0
+