Home
Features
Support
Sign In
Download
Home
Features
Support
Sign In
Download
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2008-2024 Pingwell, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 31, 2016
Pingwell, Inc. (“Pingwell”) knows that you take your privacy seriously. We do, too. We are committed to giving you transparency of our privacy practices and control over your data in connection with our Grocery Gadget Service. This Privacy Policy covers Pingwell’s treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information” ) and other data that Grocery Gadget gathers when you are using our Service.
What Personal Information Does Pingwell Collect?
Personal Information You Provide to Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Service or provide to us in any other way. The types of Personal Information collected may include your name, email address, phone number, birthday, Twitter and/or Facebook usernames, and information regarding details of your use of our Service. We automatically receive your location when you use the Service. We use various technologies to determine location, such as location services of the applicable operating system and sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi- access points and cell towers. The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as allowing you to set up a user account and profile that can be used to interact with other users through the Service, improving the content of the Service, customizing the advertising and content you see, and communicating with you about new features. We may also draw upon this Personal Information in order to adapt the Services of our community to your needs, to research the effectiveness of our network and Services, and to develop new tools for the community.
Information Collected Automatically: When you use the Service, Pingwell automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser or mobile platform, including your location, IP address, cookie information. We treat this data as non-Personal Information, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. We may provide information to our partners about how our users, collectively, use our Service, so that our partners may also understand how people use our Service.
Information We Receive from Third Parties: We may receive and store information from third parties that interact in some way with the Service or that provide services to us in connection with the Service. In addition, you may choose to use apps that share your Personal Information, activities and/or content with Pingwell. Please read the privacy policy of any such app so that you understand its sharing practices.
How is My Information Shared?
Personal Information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone, though, as described more fully in this section below (under “Publicly Available Information, the Pingwell API, and Apps”), your publicly-available information is available to third parties, and we may provide it to third parties, by license or otherwise. Information provided to third parties will be done for the purposes of improving the service or the ads and offers that may appear in our Service.
Determining and Sharing Location
Pingwell deals with location, so in order to work, Pingwell needs to know your location. Whenever you open and use/interact with the Pingwell app on your mobile device or go to Pingwell.com, we use the location information from your mobile device or browser (e.g., latitude and longitude) to tailor the Pingwell experience to your current location. Your location will only be shared with others for the purpose of selecting ads you may see or improving the performance of the Service.
Email Communications
If you do not want to receive commercial email or other mail from us, please indicate your preference during the registration process or by making a modification on your account settings page or through the ‘settings’ tab on our website once you’re logged into the service. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as notices regarding this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Pingwell Service, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes. We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from Pingwell if your computer supports this type of program. Pingwell uses this confirmation to help us make emails more interesting and helpful and improve our service.
What About Cookies and Similar Technologies?
We and our agents use technologies like cookies, pixels, and local storage (like on your browser or device, which is similar to a cookie but holds more information) on our website, in our emails, and identifiers supplied by app platform companies within our apps to provide you with a range of products and services. By continuing to use our Service through your computer or mobile device, you consent to our use of cookies, pixels and local storage in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may work with advertisers or other partners and advertising service providers to serve ads or services to computers, mobile phones or other devices, which may use a cookie, pixel or other similar technology placed by Pingwell or the third party (although we would not share any other information that identifies you with an advertiser). This Privacy Policy and Pingwell’s Cookie Policy covers the use of cookies by Pingwell and its service providers and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. For information about how to opt out of receiving behavioral advertisements from our advertising partners,
click here
or
click here
. Also, certain versions of the iOS operating system permit you to limit ad tracking in the system settings.
Is Personal Information About Me Secure?
Your Grocery Gadget account Personal Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately, and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
Pingwell endeavors to safeguard user information to ensure that user account information is kept private. However, Pingwell cannot guarantee the security of user account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
The Service may contain links to other sites. For example clicking on an ad may bring you to web page from an advertiser. Pingwell is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, you should read the privacy policy stated on that site. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Service.
International Users
If you are located outside of the United States, please note that this site is hosted on our computer servers in the United States. Your information will be processed and stored in the United States. As a result, United States federal and state governments, courts, or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your information through laws applicable in the United States. Your use of this site or the Service or your submission of any Personal Information to us will constitute your consent to the transfer of your Personal Information outside of your home country, including the United States, which may provide for different data protection rules than in your country.
What Personal Information Can I Access?
Pingwell allows you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information and ensuring that it is accurate and complete. You can access this information on the Pingwell website by visiting the user settings page (except usage information, which can be accessed in the “History” tab). This list will change as our Service changes.
Password;
Phone number;
Email address;
Other User profile information (for example, home city, photo);
Usage information (for example, check-in history).
If you have questions about the Personal Information we have collected from you, you can email
privacy@pingwell.com
.
How Do I Delete My Account?
If you terminate your account, your profile, including your history and any promotional offers you received, will be removed from the site and deleted from Pingwell’s servers. Because of the way we maintain Grocery Gadget, such deletion may not be immediate, and residual copies of your profile information or posts may remain on backup media for up to ninety (90) days.
How Is Information Removed From My Account?
Even after you remove information from your account or profile, copies of that information may remain viewable elsewhere, to the extent it has been shared with others, it was otherwise distributed pursuant to your privacy settings, or it was copied or stored by other users. Removed and deleted information may remain on backup media for up to ninety (90) days prior to being deleted from our servers.
Will There Be Changes To This Privacy Policy?
Pingwell may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make material changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Service or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when they use the Service after such changes have been first posted.
What If I Have Questions Or Concerns?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Service, please send a detailed message to:
support@pingwell.com
. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.