Contact
ShopShop
What's this?
A free iPhone/iPad shopping list app.
Beta Testers
I'm always looking for beta testers. Please only apply if you actively use Dropbox Sync.
Sign up here
Usage
Click on the
+
button to fill your shopping list with items.
ShopShop
will help you type less by remembering your previous items.
Make items as done by tapping on them, or by swiping with your finger.  Another tap will undo this.  Hitting the checkmark button (or menu entry) will remove the marked items permanently.
Privacy Policy
We do not collect or store your data when using the app. We do not track your behavior or gather statistics without your consent.
Your data is sent over the network only for the following purposes:
Uploading and downloading lists from your Dropbox account (if enabled in preferences). No files outside the ShopShop folder in your Dropbox are accessed.
Finding printers on the local network
Sharing your lists (if you use the Share button)
For questions contact
privacy@nschum.de
Wir sammeln oder speichern Ihre Daten nicht. Wir verfolgen Ihr Nutzung nicht und erheben keine Statistiken ohne Ihre Zustimmung.
Ihre Daten werden über das Netzwerk lediglich für die folgenden Zwecke gesendet:
Up- und Download von Listen in Ihrem Dropbox-Account (falls in den Einstellungen aktiviert). Keine Dateien außerhalb des ShopShop-Ordners in Ihrer Dropbox werden zugegriffen.
Das Auffinden von AirPrint-Druckern im lokalen Netzwerk
Teilen von Listen (im Zuge der Benutzung der Teilen-Schaltfläche)
Bei Fragen wenden Sie sich an
privacy@nschum.de
FAQ
How can I switch between lists faster?
Hold your finger on the page indicator for a second, then swipe left or right.
Why are items not saved in the history?
They probably are. They are displayed only while they're not on your shopping list. That way you don't add anything twice.
Why do history items appear on the wrong list?
There is only one global shared history.  See previous question why they don't appear.
Can I reorder lists?
For simplicity lists are always sorted alphabetically.  You can add numbers in front of the lists to change the order.
How can I rename lists?
Just tap on the title.
How can I edit a single item or move it to another list?
Hold your finger on an item for a second, and a menu will appear. (In older versions you could double tap the item so the menu appears.)
Can I select which lists count towards the badge?
Put the names of lists you don't want to count in parentheses like this: (Shopping List)
What does Auto-Lock mean?
If you turn this off, your device's screen will never turn off automatically and lock your device.
Can I sync lists between devices?
Yes. You can sync between iOS devices using
Dropbox
. The lists cannot be opened on a computer.
Can I keep separate histories for each list?
Not yet, but soon.
Why/when do items disappear from the list?
By default the 200 most recent items are remembered.  If you want more, you can say so in the settings.  While items are on the shopping list, they will not be visible in the history.
Can you port this to Android?
Sorry. This is just a hobby. Porting would be
a lot
of effort.
How do I share list between devices?
The easiest way is to sign in with the same Dropbox account on both devices.
Alternatively you can share lists between multiple (free) Dropbox accounts.
Use ShopShop normally in the first device, just make sure that the "Synchronisation" in Settings is on.  This will create a ShopShop folder in your dropbox account.  Get into your Dropbox account and use "Invite to folder" (share) with the second person.  After this person accepts your invitation, he/she will have a ShopShop folder in his/hers Dropbox account.   Now install ShopShop in the second device.  ShopShop (if set to Synchronise) will find the shared folder and you will be all set.
If you had a "ShopShop" folder before, the new one has the wrong name (e.g. "ShopShop (1)"). Rename it to "ShopShop".
Download
ShopShop
is available in the
App Store
.
Feedback
If you have any feedback or bug reports, please
email
me.  I am also looking for volunteer translators.
Donations
I don't currently accept donations, thanks.