Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/980691:
Owner and Data Controller
Flying CodeLtd - 37 Warren Street - London - United Kingdom
Owner contact email:
info@flyingcode.co.uk
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Cookies; Usage Data; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); geographic position; email address; various types of Data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Analytics, Advertising, Location-based interactions, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Data transfer outside the EU and Platform services and hosting.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Apple iAd (Apple Inc.)
Apple iAd is an advertising service provided by Apple Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Jumptap (Jumptap Inc.)
Jumptap is an advertising service provided by Jumptap Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
MoPub (MoPub Inc.)
MoPub is an advertising service provided by MoPub Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel) (Facebook, Inc.)
Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel) is an analytics service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. or by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that connects data from the Meta Audience Network with actions performed on this Application. The Meta pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on Facebook, Instagram and Meta Audience Network.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
HockeyApp (Bit Stadium GmbH)
HockeyApp is an analytics service provided by Bit Stadium GmbH.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Germany –
Privacy Policy
.
Data transfer outside the EU
The Owner is allowed to transfer Personal Data collected within the EU to third countries (i.e. any country not part of the EU) only pursuant to a specific legal basis. Any such Data transfer is based on one of the legal bases described below.
Users can inquire with the Owner to learn which legal basis applies to which specific service.
Data transfer from the EU and/or Switzerland to the U.S based on Privacy Shield (this Application)
If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal Data from the EU or Switzerland to the US is carried out according to the EU - U.S. and Swiss - U.S. Privacy Shield.
In particular, Personal Data is transferred to services that self-certify under the Privacy Shield framework and therefore guarantee an adequate level of protection of such transferred Data. All services are listed within the relevant section of this document and those that adhere to Privacy Shield can be singled out by checking their privacy policy and possibly also by specifically checking for Privacy Shield adherence in the official Privacy Shield List.
Privacy Shield also specifically guarantees rights to Users which can be found in its most current form on the website run by the US Department of Commerce.
Personal Data may be transferred from within the EU or Switzerland to the U.S. to services that are not, or not anymore, part of Privacy Shield, only based on other valid legal grounds. Users can ask the Owner to learn about such legal grounds.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data.
Location-based interactions
Geolocation (This Application)
This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by this Application.
Personal Data processed: geographic position.
Platform services and hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Application, therefore allowing the provision of this Application from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner  –  e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Wix (Wix.com, Ltd.)
Wix is a platform provided by Wix.com, Ltd. that allows the Owner to build, run and host this Application. Wix is highly customizable and can host websites from simple blogs to complex e-commerce platforms.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  Israel –
Privacy Policy
.
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows this Application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Application by the User.
This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists.
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
.
Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general
.
Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; email address.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Facebook Remarketing (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Remarketing with Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Remarketing with Google Analytics is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing,  that connects the tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the Google Ads advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by
  any of the services listed in this document,  Users may learn more on
  how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the
  dedicated section of the Cookie Policy.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
Other advertising services
In addition to those already listed, the Application uses third party services to display advertisements. The list of services used, and thus the third parties, may vary, making it technically impossible to list them in this document. We therefore suggest you contact us if you wish to receive complete information.
Amazon Web Services
AroundMe uses Amazon Web Services, a hosting service provided by Amazon.com, Inc. This service works by using geographically distributed servers and is required by this Application to host the data required for it to work.
Processing place: United States.
Privacy Policy: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
Yext
AroundMe uses services provided by Yext.com, Inc. This service works by using geographically distributed servers and is required by this Application to host the data required for it to work.
Processing place: United States. Privacy Policy: : http://www.yext.com/xone-privacy-policy/
AroundMe uses services provided by Yext.com, Inc.
The service collects:
Location Information that allows us to periodically determine your location, including your location relative to and within third party merchant locations.
Device and Usage Information that may include (i) information specific to your mobile device (e.g., make, model, operating system, advertising identifier and similar information); (ii) information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the device; and (iii) signal strength relating to WiFi or Bluetooth functionality, temperature, battery level, and similar technical data.
Data may be collected even if you are not logged in to the application.
To prevent our collection of Location Information you may disable "Send Statistics" from the application settings.
The collected informations are used for :
Operate and improve the service.
Provide user and other support, including to our third-party business partners.
Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services in this app or on other apps or websites based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of engagement with them.
Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to user and to which user will consent.
Agoop
AroundMe uses services provided by Agoop.co.jp
This service works by using geographically distributed servers and is required by this Application to host the data required for it to work.
Privacy Policy: : http://www.agoop.co.jp/apps/tou/privacy.html
The service collects:
Names of applications; version information; application-specific IDs (i.e., IDs issued at the time of installing the applications, which are uniquely assigned to each device and each application, Information on telecommunications carriers, Information on carriers; type and version of operating system; and device model information, Location data of your mobile device which is automatically collected by our applications, Connection status, including connection availability; and network type.
Data may be collected even if you are not logged in to the application.
To prevent our collection of you may disable "Send Statistics" from the application settings.
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User.
The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13
Users declare themselves to be adult according to their applicable legislation. Minors may use this Application only with the assistance of a parent or guardian. Under no circumstance persons under the age of 13 may use this Application.
Personal Data collected through sources other than the User
The Owner of this Application may have legitimately collected Personal Data relating to Users without their knowledge by reusing or sourcing them from third parties on the grounds mentioned in the section specifying the legal basis of processing.
Where the Owner has collected Personal Data in such a manner, Users may find specific information regarding the source within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
Cookie Policy
This Application uses Trackers. To learn more, Users may consult the
Cookie Policy
.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.