PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: JANUARY 30, 2025
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is applicable to all websites and mobile applications, including the podcasts or other media services, as well as electronic newsletters, in-bound or out-bound phone conversations, email, and mail, and other forms of communication (collectively referred to as, the “Services”) owned and operated by American Public Media Group (APMG) or one of its affiliates and related companies, including but not limited to Minnesota Public Radio (MPR) and Southern California Public Radio (SCPR), whether under its own name or an assumed name such as American Public Media (APM),  LAist, or the Glen Nelson Center  (collectively referred to as “APMG,” “we,” “us,” and “our”). “You” means you, the user, who accesses or uses the Services.
APMG has provided this Policy so that you will know what information APMG collects, how APMG uses this information, the types of third parties with whom APMG may disclose this information, and some of the choices that are available to you. Please read this Policy carefully before using the Services. By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Policy and any additional Privacy Notices (as described below) and our collection, use, and disclosure of information as described here and in such notices. If you do not agree with the practices described in this Policy and any other applicable Privacy Notice, you may choose not to access or use the Services.
Your use of the Services is also subject to any applicable Terms and Conditions or other agreements we may have with you. You may find our general Terms of Use here.
I. ADDITIONAL PRIVACY NOTICES
This Policy may be supplemented or amended from time to time by additional privacy notices (“Privacy Notices”), provided at the time we collect your information or otherwise applicable to particular services we provide. For example, certain pages of the Services may contain Privacy Notices providing more details about the information we collect on those particular pages, why we need that information, and choices you may have about the ways we use that information. In other cases, specific Privacy Notices may be required to comply with the privacy laws of one of the locations in which we do business.
In situations where a Privacy Notice contains information that conflicts with this Privacy Policy, then the Privacy Notice takes priority.
Please carefully read this Privacy Policy and any applicable Privacy Notices before using the Services or  providing information to us.
II. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
For the purposes of this Policy, “personal information” is any information that identifies you or can be used to contact you. The types of personal information collected through your access or use of the Services can be grouped as follows:
Contact information
– Name, pronouns, email address, mailing address, telephone number (in certain circumstances), company name, and other similar contact information.
Communication, event, and marketing information
– Details regarding informational and promotional materials you have requested or received from us, information you may have downloaded from the Services, your event registrations, your subscription to receive informational or promotional communications from us, and information on your marketing or communication preferences.
Transactional information
– If you purchase products, make a donation, or otherwise become a member of APMG or one of its affiliates through the Services, details regarding the donation made, products purchased, or your membership, including your bank or credit card account, information regarding your payment or donation method, and details relating to the transaction.
Inquiry information
– Copies of communications, inquiries, or other information you have submitted to us, including customer service inquiries, tips or questions for our reporters and writers, user-generated Site content, and other information submitted or uploaded through features available on the Services, including details of any communications made by you via email, telephone calls or texts, or chat functionalities available on our Services. Note, we may also collect this type of information from you when you respond to advertisements or forms we make available on social media platforms, (e.g, Meta, LinkedIn).
Services usage information
– Details regarding how and when you use the Services, including the device used to connect to the Services, your internet protocol (IP) address, the frequency and duration of your visits, and information about your interaction with the Services. This includes information that we collect about your interaction with our media on various streaming platforms – for example, if you listen to one of our podcasts on Spotify, we receive information about you from Spotify in connection with such activity.
Survey and demographic information
- Demographic details, such as age, education status, profession, income level, and gender may be collected if a member participates in our surveys or audience research, or otherwise responds to a request for such information from APMG or a third party service that provides such information to APMG.
Job applicant information
– If you apply for a job through the Services, contact information, information regarding your qualifications and background, educational information, and any other information you provide as part of your application or the application process.
We (or third parties acting on our behalf) collect this information from you when you fill out forms on the Services, subscribe to receive informational or promotional communications or one of our newsletters from us, make a donation via the Services, download information from the Services, use communications features on our Services, engage with our Services on other, third-party platforms, apply for a job, register with the Services, comment on a news item or article on the Services, email or communicate with us, order and schedule orders for benefits, rewards, products and services from or through us and our partners, or otherwise interact with the Services.
We also collect this information from third parties who you have provided the information to. For example, you may be able to register with, log on to, or enhance your profile on the Services by choosing to automatically populate the requested data fields with information you previously provided to a third-party social media or technology platform (e.g., Meta, Apple, or Google). You may also be able to access and enjoy our media (e.g., podcasts or radio streams) via third-party streaming services or platforms (e.g., Spotify). By doing this, you are asking the third-party platform to send us information, including personal information, from your profile on that platform. We treat that information as we do any other information you give to us, or otherwise make available to us, when you use our Services, or when you register, log on, or enhance your profile.
We also collect this information from third-party providers from whom APMG may rent or purchase lists in order to reach prospective members of its charitable organizations or activities.
III. OTHER INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
AUTOMATICALLY
Like most websites, we use various technologies to automatically collect information about you, including the following:
IP Address or Device Identifier
– When you visit the Services, we collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, which identifies the computer, device, or service provider that you use to access our website.  We may use these identifiers to collect information about the length of time spent on our website or the specific areas visited.
Cookies
- Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user’s experience more customized.  The cookies used in connection with the Services may be deployed by us or one of our third-party vendors or service providers (described in more detail in the section titled, “
Third Party Cookies
,” below). This Site uses different types of cookies to, among other things, automatically recognize you when you return to the Services, store information regarding your preferences (including preferred payment methods), serve relevant advertising to you, personalize content for you, provide social media functionality, and analyze our website traffic and audience. Cookies may collect, transmit or store information that does not reference any other personal information, such as usage data, or cookies may collect, transmit, or store information that does reference other personal information, such as name and credit card information. You may have the option to set your browser, application, or device to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, notify you when a cookie is set, or delete cookies. Please note that if cookies are disabled, you may not be able to enjoy certain features of the Services.
Pixels, tags, gifs, web beacons, and similar technologies
– This Site may use other tracking tools, including pixels, tags, gifs, and web beacons, which are small electronic images embedded in web content and email messages that are not ordinarily visible to users.  These tracking technologies go hand-in-hand with the use of cookies and collect information from and about you automatically and instantaneously when you access or use the Services. They allow us to track pages and content accessed and viewed by users, as well as to monitor email readership. We also use these technologies to collect data about your interaction with the Services, in general (otherwise known as, “event data”). The data collected via these technologies may be used by APMG, but it also may be used by the third-party vendor who supplied the technology or tool. For example, we use advertising tools such as Google Analytics and Google Ads. When you interact with and use our Services, Google’s tools and technologies collect information about your interaction and use of the Services. APMG may analyze this information to better understand our web traffic. Google may also use this information, however, to improve its advertising services and to serve you ads on other platforms or websites on behalf of third parties. The use of cookies, pixels, and similar technologies by our third-party tracking vendors, such as Google, Microsoft, and YouTube, is not covered by our privacy policy. While we may leverage these technologies for our own business purposes, we do not have access or control over how third-party vendors use these cookies or other technologies. To disable cookies, pixels, gifs, or web beacons, and to otherwise limit the ability of third parties to target you with advertisements across various websites or platforms, please review the privacy and advertising settings for your social media account, email account, browser, and device.
Device IDs, GPS, and location tracking
- We may also collect precise, real-time location and other identifying information from your mobile device in connection with your use of our mobile applications. We may use that information to deliver notifications to you via our mobile applications.  We may also link location information to information that identifies you. Your mobile device may allow you to adjust your settings so that device id or location information is not available to any mobile website or application. If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile or tablet device, please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider, the Google Play Store or Apple App Store, or the manufacturer of your device.
The information we receive through these types of technologies may depend on your browser or device settings. The information we receive from your web browser and device may not, in and of itself, be personally identifiable. Generally, we use the information described above in the aggregate to help us improve the Services and make it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. However, we may combine it with other information in an attempt to identify you (in which case it becomes personal information), or we may combine it with personal information. We may also review our server logs for security purposes—for example, to detect intrusions into our network—and we might disclose our server logs, which contain visitors’ IP addresses, with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify you.
IV. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT THIRD-PARTY COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
In addition to the cookies APMG directly delivers to your device through the Services, certain third parties may deliver cookies to you for a variety of reasons. For example, we allow certain of our third-party vendors and service providers that assist us with our customer relationship management practices or our advertising, marketing, and audience research needs. Such vendors and service providers include Facebook/Meta, Google Analytics, Springboard, Quantcast, and our marketing consultants. Vendors and service providers like these deliver cookies on our behalf or in the course of providing their services to us so we can collect transaction related data, better analyze usage of our Services and better understand how visitors engage with our Services. We may permit other third parties to deliver cookies to your device for the purpose of tracking your online behaviors over time and across nonaffiliated websites and/or delivering targeted advertisements either on the Services or on other websites that are based on various factors such as the content of the pages you visit, your searches, and demographic and geographic data.
As noted above, APMG also engages third-party vendors and service-providers that use cookie-less means to monitor our Services traffic, including Comscore and Microsoft. These vendors and service providers may use pixels (or other similar technologies) in combination with unique cookie or device IDs to automatically collect information from you when you visit or use the Services in order to assist us with our website improvement, marketing, and advertising needs. Note, this information is collected by these third parties at the same time it is collected by APMG.
You may have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Services and the advertisements you receive, as discussed in the “
Your Choices
” section below.  Please note that we do not have access to or control over the use of cookies or other tracking technologies on your device by non-affiliated third parties, and this Policy does not apply to such activity. Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt-out of ad targeting as described below.
V. OUR SERVICES AVAILABLE VIA THIRD-PARTY PLATFORMS
We advertise and make our media services available via third-party platforms, including social media platforms. Note that when you interact with an APMG advertisement, podcast, or form that is made available via a third-party platform, that third-party platform, and other vendors and service providers of APMG and the third-party platform, collect information about you and such interaction instantaneously and simultaneously as APMG. We do not control the privacy practices of third parties and encourage you to review any third-party platform’s privacy notices to learn more about how they collect, use, and disclose your personal information.
VI. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use the information we collect from or about you:
to make our news and media services available to you, including on the web and on your device;
to provide you the information, products and services you request;
to communicate with you, including by responding to your questions, concerns, and otherwise providing appropriate customer service;
to provide you with a personalized or optimized experience when you use the Services;
to contact you with information and notices related to your use of the Services or information we have received from you;
to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us) and engage in marketing, advertising, including targeted, cross-platform, and interest-based advertising;
to determine your interest in receiving, and provide you with, donor or member materials and communications;
to determine your interest in receiving, and provide you with, marketing materials or communications, or media kits;
to invite you to participate in surveys and provide Feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to improving our knowledge and insights regarding our members, the audience for our services, and the individuals who use our Services;
to collect, measure, and analyze traffic and usage patterns, conduct market or audience analysis, and improve the quality and effectiveness of our Services, content, and offerings;
to better analyze and understand your needs and interests;
to improve our products and services;
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts;
to prevent and detect fraud, financial crime, hacking activities, security breaches, and other unlawful activities in connection with the Services
for any other purpose identified in an applicable Privacy Notice, click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us; and
to perform other functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection or that you otherwise consent to.
If you have questions regarding our use of your information, feel free to contact us using the information provided at the end of this Policy. For more information about your options relating to your information and your communication preferences, see “
Your Choices
” below.
VII. HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
When the information we collect about you is aggregated, anonymized, or otherwise does not identify you, it is not “Personal Information” and we may use that information for any purpose, including disclosing it to third parties, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
In addition, we may disclose your Personal Information to the following entities or under the following circumstances:
Third–Party Vendors, Service Providers, and Volunteers
- APMG discloses information collected through the Services to third-party vendors, service providers, and volunteers who act for us or on our behalf or are used by us to support our business. For example, we may use third-party vendors, service providers, and volunteers to design and operate the Services; to conduct surveys; to help us with our promotional efforts; to process and deliver our email, texts, and other communications; to process donations made through the Services; to process purchases made through the Services; to contact Members and other subscribers to our newsletters or promotional materials. These third-party vendors, service providers, and volunteers may need information about you to perform their functions for us. Note, that where a vendor or service provider has been engaged by APMG to provide a functionality or feature related to or used in connection with the Services, the third-party vendor or service provider may collect information about you or from you automatically and at the same time as such information is collected by APMG. For example, if you submit an inquiry through a feature on the Services, or a third-party platform via which we advertise our Services (such as an “ask us”  or a media kit request form), the form you use to submit such information may leverage third-party software that automatically and instantaneously collects and routes the information to the appropriate parties at APMG.
Marketing Providers and Pixel/Tag/Web Beacon Operators
: In addition to the vendors described above, we permit third-party social media, advertising, marketing, and search platforms (such as Google and Microsoft) to collect information about you via cookies, pixels, tags, gifs, and similar technologies, automatically and instantaneously, when you access and use our Services and we do not control how they may use the information collected through such technologies. Review the “Your Choices” section below to learn more about steps you can take to make these vendors aware of your ad preferences.
Other Users of the Services
- You may be able to submit comments, content, or information on or through the Services using the tools or features we make available to you, including in the form of User-Generated Content or Feedback (as defined in our Terms of Use) (collectively, “User Submissions”). User Submissions does not include such items submitted to APMG via private correspondence, including emails.  Any personal information contained in User Submissions can be read, collected, or used by APMG and others, including our vendors and service providers and other users of the Services. For example, we may use your first name and city in a broadcast in connection with your audience feedback submission. In addition, we may use User Submissions you submit for advertising campaigns and other promotions. We may or may not use your name in connection with such use, and we may or may not seek your consent before using the content for such purposes. Therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to User Submissions you submit on or through the Services and acknowledge that when you submit User Submissions on or through the Services you are authorizing APMG to use it in accordance with this Policy.
Third-Party Social Media Platforms
- We may provide functionality on the Services that allows you to automatically post information about the actions you take on the Services to a third-party social media platform (e.g., Facebook/Meta, Twitter). If you choose to take advantage of this functionality, people with access to your profile on the third-party platform may be able to see the actions you have taken—for example, the items you have purchased. Thus, you should have no expectation of privacy in those actions. Further, if you choose to interact with us or our media services on any social media platform, or link your profile on the Services with an account on a third-party social media platform, we may disclose the information in your profile to that third-party platform.
Our Related Companies
- APMG may disclose the information collected through the Services or otherwise provided by you to us to other APMG affiliates and related companies, such as MPR and SCPR. These related companies are permitted to use your information for their own marketing purposes and in a manner otherwise consistent with this Policy.
Other, Carefully Selected Business Partners
- From time to time, we may disclose your information to selected third parties for their own marketing purposes, except as noted in any applicable Privacy Notices.
As Part of a Business Transfer
- Your information may be transferred to a successor organization if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of the Services to another organization or if we merge with another organization, or if we experience any reorganization, restructuring, divestiture, acquisition, dissolution or other sale of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as a part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, where the information is among the assets being transferred. If such a transfer occurs, the successor organization’s use of your information will still be subject to this Policy and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
To Comply with Laws and Protect Our Rights and the Rights of Others
- We may disclose your information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose your information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of the Services; to enforce or apply our online Terms and Conditions or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
We reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any Privacy Notice posted on a page of the Services where you provide that information. By providing your information subject to the applicable Privacy Notice you will be consenting to the disclosure of your information as described in that Privacy Notice. We also reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any click–through agreement to which you have agreed.
VIII. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
APMG takes reasonable precautions to provide a level of security appropriate to the sensitivity of the information we collect. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. Although we use reasonable measures to help protect your information against unauthorized use or disclosure, we cannot ensure or do not make any warranties regarding the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
IX. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
THIS SITE IS A GENERAL AUDIENCE SITE, AND IS NOT DIRECTED AT, OR INTENDED FOR USE, BY CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 YEARS. WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT, USE OR DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION DIRECTLY FROM VISITORS UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE. IN SOME INSTANCES, HOWEVER, PARENTS OR LEGAL GUARDIANS MAY SUBMIT INFORMATION REGARDING THEIR CHILDREN TO APMG (E.G., DRAWINGS, QUESTIONS FOR A PODCAST HOST, ETC.). IF YOU BELIEVE WE HAVE COLLECTED OR OBTAINED INFORMATION FROM A CHILD UNDER AGE 13, CONTACT US AT THE “
CONTACT US
” INFORMATION PROVIDED BELOW.
X. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This Site may also contain links to websites that are not operated by APMG or its affiliates. This Policy does not apply to personal information collected through such websites. These links are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the products sold or information provided through these websites, nor any association with their operators. APMG does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. Any information you provide to third parties on their websites is covered under their privacy and data collection policies and is not covered by this Policy. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal information.
XI. YOUR CHOICES
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use, and disclose your information.
APMG tries to offer you such choices in a meaningful way and at an appropriate time—for example, at the time and on the page where you provide your information. Some choices you have regarding personal information include the following:
Do Not Track Mechanisms
- Please note that APMG does not honor “Do Not Track” signals, and such signals will not impact the operation of the Services.
Previously Expressed Preferences
- You may change previously expressed preferences regarding how we use your information. If you have registered with the Services or downloaded one of our mobile applications, you may be able to change certain privacy preferences, such as limiting or opting out of push notifications, through your account settings or via the settings on your device. You can also unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time, by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in the email, and you can unsubscribe from promotional text messages at any time by texting STOP in response to a text message we send you. Otherwise, please
contact us
.
Marketing Emails
– As required by applicable laws, you can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “opt out” link in any such promotional emails and following the instructions provided.
Cookies
– Depending on your browser or device, you may have the option to set the browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, notify you when a cookie is set, or delete cookies.  Each browser and device are different, so we recommend you evaluate the tools and settings available in your browser or device, as well as any available instructions for the same.  Please note that if you disable or delete cookies, you may not be able to access or use certain features of the Services.
Tracking Systems
– As discussed above, we use the services and tools of third-party vendors and service providers in connection with the Services to assist us with our customer information management, marketing, advertising, and audience research needs.
Google has developed resources to help you manage your choices in this regard. If you would like to refrain from having your data collected by Google Analytics or otherwise indicate to Google your desire to opt-out of certain targeting, Google has developed an opt-out browser that you can
use
. Users can opt out of Google's use of cookies for advertising, including Google  Ad Manager cookies, by visiting Google's Ads Settings page.
Users can also opt out of third-party advertising cookies from a wide range of advertising services, including Google, by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative's Opt-Out page.  You can find more information on how Google uses information it collects
here
.
Interest-Based Advertising
– To opt-out of personalized or interest-based advertisements, you may be able to adjust the settings on your device.  Please go to your device settings and opt-out through the controls provided through Google/Android or iOS, as applicable. Each operating system, iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, has its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of interest-based advertisements. (We cannot guarantee that these instructions will not change, or that they will continue to be available; they are controlled by each mobile platform, not us.). For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator.  Users can opt out of Google's use of cookies for advertising, including Google Ad Manager cookies, by visiting Google's Ads Settings page. Users can opt out of third-party advertising cookies from a wide range of advertising services, including Google, by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative's Opt-Out page. You can also visit
https://optout.aboutads.info
for more information about how to opt out of interest-based advertisements.
Declining to Provide Information
– If you do not consent to the collection, use, or sharing of your information as described in this Policy, you can choose not to use the Services or provide us with information when prompted.  By using the Services or providing us with information, you consent to the collection, use, and sharing of your information as described in this Policy.
In addition to the above, you may contact APMG at the “
Contact Us
” details below to update your information or confirm your information is accurate. We will respond to your request. and will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request, as required by applicable law.
XII. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
APMG is continually improving and adding to the features and functionality of the Services and the services we offer through the Services. As a result of these changes (or changes in the law), we may need to update or revise this Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time, without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Policy behind the link marked “Privacy Policy” at the bottom of each page of the Services. Your continued use of the Services after we have posted the revised Policy constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revised Policy.
APMG will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page. When you visit the Services, be sure you check the “Last Updated” date to see if this Policy has been revised since your last visit.
XIII. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
APMG RETAINS THE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM YOU OR ABOUT YOU AS LONG AS NECESSARY TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES, PRODUCTS AND INFORMATION YOU REQUEST OR AS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
XIV. DATA TRANSFERS AND LOCATION
APMG is based in the United States and the servers that support the Services may be located in the United States. While it is in our possession, your information will generally be stored in APMG databases or databases maintained by our third-party service providers on servers and data storage devices located in the United States. U.S. data protection laws may not provide as much protection as the data protection laws in force in some other countries, however, we will process your information in accordance with this Policy no matter where our data is stored. If you are located in a country outside the United States, by accessing or using the Services you acknowledge and consent that your information, including personal information, will be transmitted to, processed and stored, in the United States.
XV. LOCATION-SPECIFIC RIGHTS
APMG will erase or delete your information upon request regardless of location.  For general information about your options relating to your information and your communication preferences, see “Your Choices” above. For information about additional location-specific rights that may be applicable to you, see the following:
(a) Visitors from the EU, UK, and Switzerland
As indicated above, APMG is headquartered in the United States.  Its Site, products, and services are intended for use or purchase by individuals in the United States.  AMPG does not intentionally offer or market its goods or services to individuals outside the United States and does not intentionally seek information relating to such individuals.  As such, APMG is subject only to the laws of the United States.
When applicable, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) affords individuals in the EU, UK, and Switzerland (collectively, EU) certain rights regarding their personal information, including the rights to (1) withdraw consent or object the processing of their personal information, (2) correct, access, or request a copy of their personal information, (3) erase their personal information, (4) transfer their personal information to another entity or individual, and (5) the right to restrict the processing of their personal information.  To the extent APMG receives a verifiable request seeking to exercise one of these rights, APMG will reasonably endeavor to respond to such requests.  But because APMG is not subject to the GDPR, we are under no obligation to do so.
(b) Visitors from Colorado, Oregon, and Minnesota
This section supplements the other information in this Policy and provides additional details for residents of Colorado, Oregon, and Minnesota, as applicable (i.e., “consumers” as defined by the Colorado Privacy Act and its implementing regulations (“CPA”), the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”), and the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act (“MNCDPA”), respectively), regarding our processing of their personal data, as required by applicable laws.
APMG conducts its business under the names provided in the first paragraph of this Policy.
The categories personal data (as defined by the CPA, OCPA, and MNCDPA, respectively) of consumers processed by APMG, and that are disclosed to third parties are the same as those listed and described above in the Sections titled, “Personal Information We Collect,” and “Other Information We May Collect.”
In addition, APMG may collect certain categories of “sensitive data.”
Such personal data is processed by APMG for the purposes described above in the Section titled, “How We Use Your Information.”
The categories of third parties to whom APMG discloses personal data are the same as those described above in the Section titled, “How We Disclose Your Information.”
The categories of personal data processed by APMG for the purposes of targeted advertising (as well as the categories of third parties who receive such data) are the same as those described above in the Sections titled, “Other Information We May Collect,” “Information About Third-Party Cookies and Technologies,” and the subsections of “Your Choices,” titled, “Cookies,” and “Interest-Based Advertising.”
APMG does not “sell” any personal data, as that term is defined by the CPA, OCPA, or MNCDPA.
APMG does not process any personal data for the purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Residents of Colorado, Oregon, or Minnesota have the right under the CPA, OCPA, or MNCDPA, respectively (subject to applicable limitations or exceptions) to:
Confirm whether or not APMG is processing the consumer’s personal data and to access such data;
Correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of processing of the consumer's personal data;
Correct inaccuracies in the consumer’s personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer’s personal data;
Delete personal data provided by or obtained about the consumer;
Obtain a copy of the consumer’s personal data processed by APMG, in a portable, and to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means; and
Opt-out of the processing of the consumer’s personal data for the purposes of: (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer.
In addition to the foregoing, if you are a resident of Minnesota, you have the right to obtain a list of the specific third parties to which APMG has disclosed your personal data.
You, or an authorized agent acting on your behalf, may exercise these rights by calling us at 1-800-228-7123, or emailing us at privacy@americanpublicmedia.org.
We will verify your request using commercially reasonable efforts: this may include requiring you to provide at least four pieces of information which may include your name, mailing address, email address and phone number. We will fulfill your request, to the extent no exception or limitation under applicable laws applies.
An authorized agent may be required to submit their name, mailing address, email address and phone number, as well as information about the consumer on whose behalf they are making the request, all of which will be used to authenticate the agent’s authority. We may deny a request if we cannot authenticate the authorized agent’s authority to act on the consumer’s request.
APMG will respond to the request within 45 days of receipt of the request; however, we may extend the period for response by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary, in which case we will inform you of the extension together with the reason. If APMG declines to take an action regarding your request, we will inform you of such, including the justification for declining to take action and instructions on how to appeal the decision.
Information provided in response to a request shall be provided free of charge. If requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive, or repetitive, APMG may charge the consumer a reasonable fee to cover the administrative costs of complying with the request or decline to act on the request.
In the event APMG declines to take action regarding your request, you may appeal the decision by contacting APMG at:
privacy@americanpublicmedia.org
. APMG will respond to your appeal within 45 days (or whatever time may be permitted by applicable laws, in accordance with such laws).
If you have concerns about the results of the appeal, you may contact the Attorney General of your state.
APMG will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or other mandatory reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, the purposes for which we process it, whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.  We also consider any specific limitation periods under applicable law.
(c) Visitors from California
California’s “Shine the Light” law allows California residents to obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the preceding year.  If you are a California resident and wish to make such a request, please send an email with “California Shine the Light” in the subject line to the email and/or regular mail address provided below under “
Contact Us
.”
When applicable, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides California residents with additional rights relating to their personal information.  The rights available under the CCPA including the rights to (1) receive information from a business about the personal information it collects from an individual and how it is used, (2) request the business delete personal information about the individual, (3) request that the business provide copies of personal information about the individual, and (4) opt out of the sale of the individual’s personal information.  If a California resident submits a verifiable request seeking to exercise one of these rights, APMG will reasonably endeavor to respond to such request.  The CCPA, however, does not apply to non-profit entities like APMG and APMG is under no obligation to respond.
XVI. QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS POLICY OR AMERICAN PUBLIC MEDIA GROUP’S DATA PRACTICES
If you have questions or concerns about this Policy, any Privacy Notice, or APMG’s data practices, please contact us at:
American Public Media Group
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
480 Cedar Street
St. Paul, MN 55101
privacy@americanpublicmedia.org
1-800-228-7123