Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which TMSOFT, LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the
www.tmsoft.com
website and products including software applications (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by TMSOFT, LLC.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to newsletters, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name and email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users’ means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
TMSOFT, LLC collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website and app offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
To sync information between your devices (Playapod Users only)
We store information about your podcasts, episodes, and listening progress to sync this information between your devices. We also collect anonymous statistics about which podcasts are most popular to help create our Popular List.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), ad networks may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. We cannot control or be held responsible for third parties’ privacy practices and content. If you click on a third-party advertisement or link, please understand that you are leaving the TMSOFT properties and any personal data you provide will not be covered by this Policy. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies or other similar technologies by any advertisers. For more information, see:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads about Admob and Adsense
https://advertising.amazon.com/ad-specs/en/policy/gdpr about Amazon
https://www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy about Conversant
http://www.lifestreet.com/privacy/ about Lifestreet Media
https://www.mobfox.com/privacy-policy/ about Mobfox
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/ about Mopub
https://privacy.aol.com/legacy/ about Oath
https://www.smaato.com/ privacy
https://pubnative.net/ privacy policy
https://www.openx.com/legal/ privacy policy
The operating system on your mobile device may provide you with additional options to opt out of specific advertising or to otherwise reset your mobile identifiers. For example, you may use the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting (on iOS devices) or a setting to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (on Android devices) which allows you to limit the use of information about your use of apps for purposes of serving ads targeted to you.
Common ID Cookie
This site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie by clicking
here
.
Advertising Privacy Settings
FOR EU USERS ONLY: When you use our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device and about your interests to serve ads or personalized content. You may revisit or change consent-choices at any time by clicking
here
.
Deleting your information
If you would like your information deleted you may email privacy [at] tmsoft.com. White Noise and White Noise Market Users may download sounds they have created prior to requesting deletion of their information.
Changes to this privacy policy
TMSOFT, LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect and use. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
TMSOFT, LLC
privacy [at] tmsoft.com
This document was last updated on May 21, 2018