Privacy Policy
Sky Blue Technologies, Inc. (“SBT”), dba Public Media Apps, the station for which this mobile app is branded, and other services (collectively, the “Services”), are committed to protecting your privacy.
1) DATA COLLECTION
When you contact us, you may provide us with some or all of the following personal data: your name, email address, phone number and any data you choose to include in the text of your message. If you send an e-mail message to SBT, initiate a chat session, or complete a questionnaire, form, or other online survey found on our websites, SBT will maintain the data in its databases.
When you register as a user of an SBT Service, you may provide us with some or all of the following personal data: your name and e-mail address. We will provide an option to allow you to opt-out of entering this information. When you install an SBT Service we will create a randomly generated unique identifier to monitor Service activity.
We collect, retain, and use the data we collect to help us:
to provide you with our Services;
to help keep our mobile apps and websites safe and secure, and protect users’ rights or property;
to monitor and manage activity of the Services;
to monitor your use of our mobile apps and websites for compliance with our terms of use; and
to correspond with you regarding our Services.
We do not sell or rent your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes.
We may consult your personal data:
when we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities (such as for potential fraud or infringement);
when required to do so by law or regulation, or in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena) or a request from a law enforcement or governmental agency or authority, and in other circumstances in which we have a good faith belief that a crime has been or is being committed or that an emergency exists; and
as aggregate statistical data with respect to patterns and usage of our mobile apps and websites may be provided to our partners or affiliates; provided that such data has been rendered non-personally identifiable.
We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly to update our database when you tell us the data in our database is not accurate. You retain control over personal data that you have provided to us.
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 6501-06 and 16 C.F.R. §§ 312.1-312.12, SBT will not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use the services of our websites. If you are under 13, please do not use our websites or send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, phone number, or email address. By using our Services mobile apps or websites, you represent that you are not under 13 years of age.
2) DATA DELETION
If you ask to delete a personal account with SBT and the associated personal data, we will do so. You may request through the Services mobile app by selecting the ‘Settings and Help’ menu item and choosing ‘App Technical Support’. In the generated email, clearly note ‘Please delete my personal account and personal data’.
Our emails to you will contain links allowing you to opt-out of receiving such data. In addition, you may opt out of receiving materials or other communications from us and our affiliates by contacting us via email at support@publicmediaapps.com.
3) DATA SECURITY AND THIRD PARTY
We use our best commercial efforts to ensure the security of our systems and to prevent any disclosure of data that you provide us. If you suspect unauthorized access to your data, please contact SBT immediately at support@publicmediaapps.com.
SBT utilizes the Google Firebase service to capture usage analytics in support of the Services. We do not provide your personal data to Firebase, only usage information. The Google privacy policy is:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
SBT may, in the future, sell or otherwise transfer some or all of its assets to a third party. Data we have received from you may be disclosed to any potential or actual third-party purchasers of such assets and/or may be among those assets transferred. In such instance, we will use reasonable commercial efforts to provide you with written notice of such transfer.
SBT will happily address any concerns about our Privacy Policy. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@publicmediaapps.com or write to:
Public Media Apps
PO Box 5178
Lafayette, IN 47903