We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 878 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
AD
Privacy policy
Share this page
Last updated: July
19, 2022
1
Introduction
1.1
This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) for the WeatherPro mobile application and WeatherPro website (hereinafter
equally referred to as “
Application
”)
is made available by DTN Germany GmbH (referred to as “
DTN
”, “
we
” or “
us
”). DTN Germany GmbH is part of a group of companies working
under the ‘DTN’ label. The processing of Personal Data (as defined below) by
the Application is primarily set out in
DTN’s External Privacy Statement
(“
DTN Policy
”), which is incorporated herein. The Policy in addition sets out how
the processing of Personal Data would differ from the practices as set out in
the DTN Policy (where this applies) and provides additional information where
necessary.
1.2
Certain definitions, words that are written with a capital
letter, that are used in this Policy originate from the DTN Policy. This means
that you are requested to review the DTN Policy to understand their
explanation.
1.3
In case of any conflict between the DTN Policy and the
Policy, the Policy prevails.
1.4
This
Policy is meant to inform
all users of the WeatherPro mobile application and website (“
Users
”). In case of any questions, you may contact us via the details as
provided in the Policy.
2
Personal Data
2.1
We work
with the following
definition of “
Personal Data
”: all information relating
to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person
is the one who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by a
reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location
data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical,
psychological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that
natural person.
3
Data controller
3.1
The data controller for the processing of Personal Data
through the Application is: DTN Germany GmbH (“DTN”), Am
Studio 20a in 12489 Berlin, Germany, registered at Amtsgericht Berlin
(Charlottenburg) HRB 155415 B.
4
Data Protection Officer
4.1
DTN
has appointed a contact
person to direct your questions on privacy or the rights you may have to:
DTN
Att. Sylvia van Zijderveld
P.O. Box 24092,
3502 MB Utrecht, The Netherlands
4.2
Or email
privacy@dtn.com
.
Please note that the legal department of DTN also receives a copy of
your message via this email address. We aim to respond within 30 days from the
date we receive privacy-related communications.
4.3
For the companies of DTN that are established
within the European Economic Area, this contact person is formally appointed as
“
Data
Protection Officer
” as set out in the General Data
Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”).
5
How and What Personal Data and information we process
5.1
We may process, store and use the following categories of
Personal Data
where such is necessary:
5.1.1
User e-mail
(Gmail address – only required
for WeatherPro mobile application);
5.1.2
Service data (email address, user name and inquiries);
5.1.3
Location information of device;
5.1.4
Unique device identifiers for advertising and displaying
ads;
5.1.5
Device internet protocol (IP) address;
5.1.6
Application version;
5.1.7
Device Version;
5.1.8
Device Operating System;
5.1.9
The Personal Data on your use of the Application via analytics
applications (automatically);
5.1.10
All Personal Data you provide to us and for which we have
determined the purposes and the means.
5.2
Should you choose to share further Personal Data via the
use of the Application that is not in line with the practices as set out in the
Policy and DTN Policy, DTN is not responsible for the
processing of such Personal Data in any way.
5.3
Through the Application, DTN does not endeavour to
collect any special categories of Personal Data or any sensitive Personal Data.
5.4
Personal
Data and further information is collected via the following sources
User
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in
case of data on usage of the Application, collected automatically when using the
Application. In case of an error in the Application, we collect data and
information on your device that may include information such as your device IP
address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the Application
when utilizing it, the time and date of your use of the Application, and other
statistics.
App Store or Play Store
DTN collects any information the
User voluntarily choses to provide via the Application as well as personal
information if the User registers or purchases an account where the User is
required to provide its email address, password and user name to receive the
respective services. The account will be activated via the App Store or Play
Store in compliance with their privacy policies.
5.5
Location
Information
We may use your location information to
provide requested location-specific services, including local weather forecasts
and asset tracking. By default, permission to use your location information
must be granted by the User. If we ask your location, the consent request is
prompted from the browser. Once the permission has been given, it can be
revoked by the User at any time.
We may only collect data regarding your location if you turn on such location
services. The data regarding your location will be anonymised after your
forecast request. This anonymous data will be analysed to optimise our services
as well as for marketing purposes. This does not identify your device or you.
However, we may process your location data together with your personal
information if you have given the appropriate consent.
5.6
Service
data
DTN may collect service data to
operate and improve services, help Users access and use the Application,
respond to User inquiries and send communications related to Application. WeatherPro
service data is processed and stored in or transmitted via
Zendesk Helpdesk
software. DTN retains ownership of and control over User service data
in Zendesk. We encourage you to review Zendesk’s privacy policy, available via:
https://www.zendesk.nl/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
5.7
Analytics
We automatically collect Personal Data by
using the analytics tools
Google Analytics
(WeatherPro website) and
Google
Firebase for Analytics
(WeatherPro Application) to analyse trends,
administer and improve our services, and track Users’ movements around the
Application on our behalf. The companies that provide these analytics tools may
collect and use information under their own privacy policies, which we
encourage you to review. For more information about Google Analytics and its
privacy policy, please visit the
Google
Analytics privacy page
and/or the
Google Partners’ Page
. You may opt-out of the
processing by Google Analytics by following the instructions on the
Google
Analytics Web Monitoring Opt-Out page
.
5.8
Push
notifications, advertising and marketing communications (newsletter)
We may request to send you push
notifications and marketing communications regarding your account or the
Application. We use the online advertising service
Google
Ad Manager
(WeatherPro website) as well as
Google AdMob
(WeatherPro Application) and
Publift
to
present you with advertisements targeted to your interests. Additionally, we
use
Google Firebase
for push
notifications (inApp messages and push messages).
The Google privacy policy regarding
advertising is available via:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/ads
.
The Publift privacy policy regarding
advertising is available via:
https://www.publift.com/privacy-policy
.
Permission to send notifications and marketing messages must
be granted by the User and can be revoked by the User at any time. If you wish
to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off
in your device’s settings.
5.9
Cookies
and tracking technologies
Cookies are not used within the mobile application
unless your browser is opened as part of the mobile application. In this case,
there may be cookies or similar techniques on the device’s web browser.
Additionally, we may use third-party
software to serve ads on the Application, implement email marketing campaigns
and manage other interactive marketing initiatives. This third-party software
may use cookies or similar techniques to help manage and optimize your online
experience. For more information about opting-out of interest-based ads, please
visit the
Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool
or
Digital
Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool
.
The Application may also contain cookies
or similar techniques, placed by third parties, to collect  information and
improve the services, such as analysing the use of the Application via Google Firebase
for Analytics as described above.
The cookies
set by DoubleClick are used for serving targeted advertisements that are
relevant to you across the web. Targeted advertisements may be displayed to you
based on your previous visits to this website. For example, advertisements
about a topic you have expressed an interest in while browsing our site may be
displayed t you across the web. In addition, these cookies measure the
conversion rate of ads presented to the user. For more information, please
visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. If you
wish to disable DoubleClick cookies on your browser please visit this website.
For further details on cookies used in
the WeatherPro website or on the device’s web browser, please see the table
below. For further information we refer to the
DTN Cookie Statement
.
Cookie name
Description
Storage location
Retention or expiry
First party cookies
Token
This cookie
  provides user access to our forecast API.
Locally
  stored
50
  minutes
cookie_accept
This cookie checks whether the user gave consent to save cookies
  and won’t be deleted from our site, to avoid sending cookie messages on every
  visit of the website.
Locally stored
1 year
i18n_redirected
This
  cookie enables us to present the website to the user with the correct
  language and region.
Locally
  stored
1
  year
Third party cookies
DSID
Cookie
  set by Doubleclick.net
for serving targeted advertisements
US
1
  hour
IDE
Cookie set by Doubleclick.net
for
  serving targeted advertisements
US
1 year
_ga
Cookie
  set by Google Analytics.
Registers a unique ID that is used to
  generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
US
2
  years
_gads
Cookie set by Google Analytics..
US
2 years
_gid
Cookie
  set by Google Analytics.
Registers a unique ID that is used to
  generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
US
1
  day
_gat
Cookie set by Google Analytics, used to throttle request rate.
  If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named
_dc_gtm_<property-id>
.
US
1 minute
6
How
We Use Personal Data – purposes of processing
6.1
We process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
6.1.1
Allowing us to provide the Application and connected
services to you, such as by allowing you to retrieve information based on a
location as provided by you, to allow you to store and track information about
you and your business and to manage your inventory, and to allow you to use the
Application and connected services;
6.1.2
Allowing us to authenticate you and enable you to use your
account in the event of a reinstallation or a change of device without having
to register or purchase a new account.
6.1.3
To allow you to set the language, currency and other
preferences in the Application;
6.1.4
To comply with our legal obligations;
6.1.5
To analyse the use of the Application;
6.1.6
To be able to communicate with you and to answer any
questions you might have;
6.1.7
To deliver connected services to you;
6.1.8
Allowing us to enable trouble shooting including
diagnostics logging and debugging, user database management and infrastructure
monitoring;
6.1.9
To allow us to improve the performance of the Application
and connected services;
6.1.10
Allowing us to notify you of updates to the Application and
offer new products, services, mobile applications, and/or recommendations to
you.
6.1.11
Allowing us to
serve targeted
advertisements that are relevant to you across the web.
6.2
We will only use Personal Data for the purposes which we
collected it for. It may however be possible that we reasonably consider that
we need to use it for another purpose, which is compatible with the initial
purpose. If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will
notify you.
6.3
Your Personal Data is not sold to any third party or shared
with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited
exceptions and purposes in this Policy and the DTN Policy or as otherwise
permitted by applicable law.
7
Legal grounds
7.1
We may rely on the following legal grounds when we process
your Personal Data:
7.1.1
To perform the contract as we have entered into with you,
concerning the safe and reliable access to and use of the Application (art.
6(1)(b) GDPR);
7.1.2
To comply with a legal obligation to which DTN is
subject (art. 6(1)(c) GDPR);
7.1.3
For the purposes of legitimate interests as pursued by DTN
(art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). These legitimate interests include: to analyse the use of
the Application, to be able to communicate with you, to deliver our connected
services, to enable trouble shooting including diagnostics logging and
debugging,
user database management, infrastructure monitoring, to
respond to customer service requests, allowing us to send notifications,
targeted advertisements and our newsletter,
and
allowing us to improve the performance of the Application and connected
services.
8
Recipients of Personal Data
8.1
In addition to DTN, in some cases, the Personal
Data may be accessible by external parties (such as third-party technical
service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies,
communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as data processors (as
stipulated in the GDPR) by DTN. Categories of third-party service providers
receiving Personal Data and the updated list of these parties are available in the
DTN Policy
.
8.2
With your consent, and with an opportunity for you to
withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for
marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
9
Transfer of Personal Data
9.1
Personal Data that is generated through the use of the
Application may be stored on locations other than where it was initially
collected. When transferred, we will ensure the DTN Policy and applicable laws
and legislations, such as the GDPR, are complied with. Where applicable, you
may obtain a copy of the applicable safeguards. Please consult the DTN Policy
for more information.
10
Retention
10.1
DTN will retain your Personal Data for as long as
necessary for the purposes we collect it for. The retention time depends on the
type of Personal Data as processed:
10.1.1
Session
data:
Personal Data that is collected only to be used during one
session of using the Application, this Personal Data may only be available
during the session;
10.1.2
Account
data:
stored during the period of time in which Users have an
account with us with a maximum of 2 years after the last activity or stored in
aggregated format for a maximum of 26 months.
10.2
For further specific retention times, please consult the
DTN Policy.
11
Security Measures
11.1
DTN takes appropriate security measures to prevent
unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of
the Personal Data. Please consult the DTN Policy for more information.
12
Your Obligations and Rights
12.1
Under circumstances, you have the right of access,
rectification, erasure, restriction of and objection to processing of Personal Data,
the right to data portability, the right to withdraw any consent at any time
without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before such
withdrawal and the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
12.2
To invoke your rights please be referred to section 17 of
the
DTN Policy
. You may
contact us by using the information provided in this Policy or the DTN Policy.
12.3
Unless specified otherwise, Personal Data requested when
using the Application is voluntary, which means that it is not a statutory or
contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Users are free not to provide such Personal Data without consequences to the
availability or the functioning of the Application or connected services. Where
the provision of Personal Data is mandatory, such requirement is stated. In
that case, failure to provide such Personal Data may make it impossible for the
Application to work properly or for us the provide any connected services to
you.
12.4
DTN does not conduct any automated decision making
through or for the Application, including profiling.
13
Policy Changes & Updating Information
13.1
DTN reserves the right to modify this Policy
whenever the need arises. Updates to this Policy will be posted to the Application
in a timely manner. When such updates are made, the “last updated” date at the
top of this Policy will be modified. This policy is not a contractual agreement
and does not provide you with any legal right. Unless otherwise specified, the Application,
its content, and its domain name and URLs are the sole property of DTN.
14
Questions
14.1
Should you have any questions, you may contact us via the
following details:
DTN Germany GmbH
ATTN: Privacy/Marketing
Am Studio 20a
12489 Berlin, Germany
Email:
privacy@dtn.com
14.2
DTN will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and
disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Data by reference to the
principles contained in this Policy.
Share this page
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dtn.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/DTN-External-Privacy-Statement.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.zendesk.nl/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/:
Overslaan naar belangrijkste inhoud
Overeenkomsten en voorwaarden
Beleidslijnen en richtlijnen
Handelsmerken en intellectueel eigendom
Inkoop en leveranciers
Gegevensbescherming en privacy
Klantovereenkomsten en gebruikersvoorwaarden voor producten en diensten
Hoofddienstenovereenkomst
Regiospecifieke voorwaarden
Voorwaarden voor professionele diensten
Hoe we uw Dienstgegevens beschermen (bedrijfsdiensten)
Hoe we uw dienstgegevens beschermen (innovatiediensten)
Lijst innovatiediensten
Ontwikkelaar van toepassingen en API-licentieovereenkomst
Gebruiksvoorwaarden marktplaats
Toewijzingen en overdrachten
Dienstenovereenkomst inschrijving doorverkopers
Gegevensbescherming en privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacyverklaring
Kennisgeving inzake cookies
Gegevensverwerkingsovereenkomst
CCPA [California Consumer Privacy Act] Addendum PowerForm
LGPD [(Brazil) General Data Protection Law] Addendum Powerform
BAA [Business Associate Agreement] Powerform
Beleid inzake gegevensverzoeken van de overheid
Beleidslijnen
Beleid inzake het verwijderen van gegevens
Beleid aangaande promotionele credits
Beleid aangaande regionale datahosting
Subverwerkersbeleid
Beleid inzake gebruikersinhoud en -gedrag van Zendesk
Productvoorwaarden
Toegankelijkheidsbeleid
Beleid inzake cookies in producten
Dienstspecifieke voorwaarden
Voorwaarden voor gratis proefperiode en bètadiensten
Gratis proefperiode
Bètadiensten
Privacyverklaring
Ingangsdatum:
20 februari 2024
Klik
hier voor de vorige versie van onze Privacyverklaring
.
Klik
hier
voor een eerdere versie van het beleid inzake evenementen van Zendesk.
Hallo! Zendesk is een op dienstverlening gericht CRM [Customer relationship management]-bedrijf dat software ontwikkelt die is ontworpen om klantrelaties te verbeteren. We hebben deze privacyverklaring (“
Verklaring
”) ontwikkeld om u uit te leggen hoe we persoonsgegevens verzamelen, gebruiken, openbaar maken en opslaan.
Deze verklaring is
alleen
van toepassing wanneer Zendesk de Verwerkingsverantwoordelijke van persoonsgegevens is (bijvoorbeeld: persoonsgegevens van websitebezoekers van Zendesk en zakelijke contactgegevens).
Zendesk is een
Verwerker
, geen verwerkingsverantwoordelijke, van persoonsgegevens die we namens onze Abonnees verwerken wanneer ze producten en Diensten van Zendesk gebruiken. Voor de duidelijkheid, dit betekent dat deze verklaring
niet
van toepassing is op gevallen waarin Zendesk persoonsgegevens verwerkt als verwerker in haar producten en Diensten. Als u vragen hebt over hoe een abonnee van Zendesk uw persoonsgegevens gebruikt, neem dan rechtstreeks contact met hen op. Wij zijn niet verantwoordelijk voor de privacy- of gegevensbeveiligingspraktijken van onze abonnees. Deze verklaring is ook niet van toepassing op persoonsgegevens over huidige en voormalige werknemers, sollicitanten of aannemers en vertegenwoordigers van Zendesk die optreden in soortgelijke functies.
Inhoudsopgave:
Inleiding
Persoonsgegevens die we verzamelen en openbaar maken
Hoe we persoonsgegevens verwerken
Bronnen van persoonsgegevens
Cookies en andere volgtechnologieën:
Beveiliging en bewaring
Privacy van kinderen
Externe koppelingen
Contactgegevens
Aanvullende voorwaarden voor inwoners van Californië
Aanvullende informatie voor de EER, Zwitserland en het Verenigd Koninkrijk
Aanvullende informatie voor andere regio's
Beheer Engelse versies
Zendesk, Inc. Gelieerde ondernemingen
1. Inleiding
Deze verklaring is van toepassing op Zendesk, Inc. en haar relevante gelieerde ondernemingen vermeld in
sectie 14
(“
Zendesk
”, “
ons
”, “
wij
” of “
onze
”). Termen met een hoofdletter die we gebruiken [de eerste keer], maar niet gedefinieerd worden in de verklaring (zoals Website, Diensten, Abonnee, Vertegenwoordiger, Contactgegevens van vertegenwoordiger, enz.) hebben de betekenis die eraan wordt gegeven in onze
Hoofdovereenkomst abonnementen
. Als u zich in de Europese Economische Ruimte (“
EER
”), Zwitserland of het Verenigd Koninkrijk (“
VK
”) bevindt, raadpleeg dan
sectie 11
van deze verklaring voor meer informatie over welke specifieke entiteit of entiteiten als verwerkingsverantwoordelijke van uw persoonsgegevens optreden.
Wanneer is deze verklaring van toepassing?
Deze verklaring is alleen van toepassing op persoonsgegevens die Zendesk behandelt als verwerkingsverantwoordelijke (d.w.z. wanneer Zendesk beheert hoe en waarom uw persoonsgegevens worden verwerkt). Dit geldt ook wanneer u:
de website Zendesk.com, de mobiele applicaties van Zendesk, de Marketplace van Zendesk, het Developer Portal van Zendesk, onze merkeigen sociale-mediapagina's en andere websites die we beheren bezoekt en ermee communiceert (gezamenlijk onze “
Digitale eigendommen
”);
zich registreert voor of deel neemt aan onze webinars, evenementen, programma's, marketing en promotionele activiteiten;
persoonlijk met ons communiceert, bijvoorbeeld wanneer u onze kantoren bezoekt; en
informeert naar of deelneemt aan commerciële transacties met ons.
Wijzigingen
: We kunnen deze verklaring van tijd tot tijd bijwerken. Bezoek ons regelmatig voor herzieningen. Als u het niet eens bent met wijzigingen die we aanbrengen, moet u stoppen met de communicatie met ons. Indien vereist krachtens de toepasselijke wetgeving, stellen we u op de hoogte van eventuele wijzigingen in deze verklaring door een herziening op onze website te plaatsen of op een andere geschikte manier.
2. Persoonsgegevens die we verzamelen en openbaar maken
De onderstaande tabel beschrijft welke persoonsgegevens we over u verzamelen en aan wie we persoonsgegevens bekendmaken. Personen in Californië: Deze tabel bevat de partijen aan wie we persoonsgegevens bekendmaken voor een zakelijk of commercieel doel, zoals gedefinieerd door de Californische wetgeving.
Categorieën verzamelde persoonsgegevens
Openbaarmaking van persoonsgegevens
Identificatiegegevens
, zoals uw naam, e-mailadres, postadres, telefoonnummer en apparaatidentificatiegegevens (bijv. reclame-identificatiegegevens en IP-adres).
Gelieerde ondernemingen en dochterondernemingen binnen de Zendesk Group, waaronder moeder- en uiteindelijke houdstermaatschappijen, gelieerde ondernemingen, dochterondernemingen, bedrijfseenheden en andere bedrijven die we in de toekomst verwerven nadat ze deel zijn gaan uitmaken van de Zendesk Group
Dienstverleners, zoals leveranciers van beveiliging en platformen
Met derden die nodig zijn om een transactie te voltooien, zoals creditkaartverwerkers
Zakenpartners met wie we samenwerken om onze producten en diensten gezamenlijk op de markt te brengen of te verkopen, zoals kanaalpartners
Met derden op uw aanwijzing, zoals sponsors van evenementen
Professionele adviseurs, zoals advocaten, accountants en auditors
Entiteiten die betrokken zijn bij een zakelijke transactie, inclusief als we al onze activa of een deel ervan verkopen, verwerven of samenvoegen
Bedrijven die cookies en volgtechnologieën beheren, beschreven in
sectie 5
, zoals marketing- en reclamepartners
waarvoor u hebt ingestemd met openbaarmaking
Commerciële informatie
, waaronder voorkeuren, zoals aankoopgeschiedenis of -tendensen en transactionele informatie, zoals bankgegevens.
Gelieerde ondernemingen en dochterondernemingen binnen de Zendesk Group, waaronder moeder- en uiteindelijke houdstermaatschappijen, gelieerde ondernemingen, dochterondernemingen, bedrijfseenheden en andere bedrijven die we in de toekomst verwerven nadat ze deel zijn gaan uitmaken van de Zendesk Group
Dienstverleners, zoals leveranciers van beveiliging en platformen
Met derden die nodig zijn om een transactie te voltooien, zoals creditkaartverwerkers
Professionele adviseurs, zoals advocaten, accountants en auditors
Entiteiten die betrokken zijn bij een zakelijke transactie, inclusief als we al onze activa of een deel ervan verkopen, verwerven of samenvoegen
waarvoor u hebt ingestemd met openbaarmaking
Informatie over internet- of andere elektronische netwerkactiviteiten en apparaatinformatie
, zoals uw browse-geschiedenis, zoekgeschiedenis, apparaatinformatie en andere informatie (passief bladeren of actieve betrokkenheid) met betrekking tot uw interacties met ons en het gebruik van onze producten, diensten, e-mails en andere digitale eigendommen.
Gelieerde ondernemingen en dochterondernemingen binnen de Zendesk Group, waaronder moeder- en uiteindelijke houdstermaatschappijen, gelieerde ondernemingen, dochterondernemingen, bedrijfseenheden en andere bedrijven die we in de toekomst verwerven nadat ze deel zijn gaan uitmaken van de Zendesk Group
Dienstverleners, zoals leveranciers van beveiliging en platformen
Bedrijven die cookies en volgtechnologieën beheren, beschreven in
sectie 5
, zoals marketing- en reclamepartners
Entiteiten die betrokken zijn bij een zakelijke transactie, inclusief als we al onze activa of een deel ervan verkopen, verwerven of samenvoegen
Geolocatie-informatie
, zoals geschatte locatie op basis van uw IP-adres, locatie van uw mobiele apparaat of informatie die u aan ons verstrekt (zoals stad en staat/provincie die u via een webformulier verstrekt). U kunt het verzamelen van deze gegevens wellicht beheren via de instellingen van uw apparaat.
Gelieerde ondernemingen en dochterondernemingen binnen de Zendesk Group, waaronder moeder- en uiteindelijke houdstermaatschappijen, gelieerde ondernemingen, dochterondernemingen, bedrijfseenheden en andere bedrijven die we in de toekomst verwerven nadat ze deel zijn gaan uitmaken van de Zendesk Group
Dienstverleners, zoals beveiligings- en platformleveranciers.
Entiteiten die betrokken zijn bij een zakelijke transactie, inclusief als we al onze activa of een deel ervan verkopen, verwerven of samenvoegen.
Bedrijven die cookies en volgtechnologieën beheren, beschreven in
sectie 5
, zoals marketing- en reclamepartners
Audio-, elektronische, visuele en andere zintuiglijke informatie
, zoals CCTV-opnamen van onze gebouwen (bijv. als u onze kantoren bezoekt), opnamen van uw interacties met onze verkoop- of belangenbehartigingsteams (bijv. voor kwaliteitswaarborging of trainingsdoeleinden, in overeenstemming met de toepasselijke wetgeving), of chat- of berichtenlogboeken van de klantenondersteuning.
Gelieerde ondernemingen en dochterondernemingen binnen de Zendesk Group, waaronder moeder- en uiteindelijke houdstermaatschappijen, gelieerde ondernemingen, dochterondernemingen, bedrijfseenheden en andere bedrijven die we in de toekomst verwerven nadat ze deel zijn gaan uitmaken van de Zendesk Group
Dienstverleners, zoals beveiligings- en platformleveranciers.
Entiteiten die betrokken zijn bij een zakelijke transactie, inclusief als we al onze activa of een deel ervan verkopen, verwerven of samenvoegen
Conclusies zoals gedefinieerd door de Californische wetgeving
, zoals marketing waarop u waarschijnlijk positief zult reageren.
Gelieerde ondernemingen en dochterondernemingen binnen de Zendesk Group, waaronder moeder- en uiteindelijke houdstermaatschappijen, gelieerde ondernemingen, dochterondernemingen, bedrijfseenheden en andere bedrijven die we in de toekomst verwerven nadat ze deel zijn gaan uitmaken van de Zendesk Group
Dienstverleners, zoals platformleveranciers
Entiteiten die betrokken zijn bij een zakelijke transactie, inclusief als we al onze activa of een deel ervan verkopen, verwerven of samenvoegen
Gevoelige persoonsgegevens
, zoals bewijs van vaccinatie of ras en etniciteit (optioneel) (indien toegestaan krachtens de toepasselijke wetgeving).
Gelieerde ondernemingen en dochterondernemingen binnen de Zendesk Group, waaronder moeder- en uiteindelijke houdstermaatschappijen, gelieerde ondernemingen, dochterondernemingen, bedrijfseenheden en andere bedrijven die we in de toekomst verwerven nadat ze deel zijn gaan uitmaken van de Zendesk Group
Dienstverleners, zoals platformleveranciers
Entiteiten die betrokken zijn bij een zakelijke transactie, inclusief als we al onze activa of een deel ervan verkopen, verwerven of samenvoegen
waarvoor u hebt ingestemd met openbaarmaking
Behalve de bovenstaande openbaarmakingen kunnen we uw persoonsgegevens doorgeven om te reageren op wettelijke verzoeken van wetshandhavingsinstanties of andere overheidsinstanties in overeenstemming met ons
beleid inzake gegevensverzoeken van de overheid
. We kunnen persoonsgegevens ook de-identificeren, anonimiseren of samenvoegen om ze te gebruiken met of door te geven aan derden voor elk doel, indien wettelijk toegestaan.
3. Hoe we persoonsgegevens verwerken
We kunnen uw persoonsgegevens verwerken voor de onderstaande doeleinden:
Doel van de verwerking
Wettelijke basis
Om onze producten, diensten en digitale eigendommen aan u te leveren
, inclusief het verwerken en uitvoeren van transacties, u in staat te stellen toegang te krijgen tot de digitale eigendommen en onze diensten, onze digitale eigendommen en diensten te beheren, onderhouden en verbeteren, met u te communiceren, bijvoorbeeld door uw ondersteuningsverzoeken af te handelen of beveiligingsherzieningen te verstrekken, en dienstverlenings- en kwaliteitsproblemen te diagnosticeren, op te lossen en te volgen.
Legitieme belangen; contract; wettelijke verplichtingen
Voor onze eigen zakelijke doeleinden
, inclusief het bijhouden van interne bedrijfsdocumenten en het uitvoeren van interne rapportage, het innen van betalingen en het uitvoeren van boekhoudkundige en soortgelijke bedrijfsfuncties, het controleren en beheren van projecten met betrekking tot onze diensten, het uitvoeren van IT-beveiligingsbeheer en IT-gerelateerde taken, zoals het beheer van onze technologieën en ons netwerk, het evalueren en verbeteren van ons bedrijf, diensten en digitale eigendommen, en het uitvoeren van onderzoek en ontwikkeling van nieuwe producten en diensten, en het verwerken van uw antwoorden op enquêtes en vragenlijsten.
Legitieme belangen; wettelijke verplichtingen
Om juridische, veiligheids- of beveiligingsredenen
, inclusief om te voldoen aan wettelijke vereisten, juridische vorderingen vast te stellen, uit te oefenen of te verdedigen, de veiligheid, beveiliging en integriteit van ons eigendom en de rechten van degenen die met ons of anderen communiceren te beschermen, schendingen van inhoud of beleid inzake gedrag te onderzoeken, en beveiligingsincidenten of andere kwaadaardige, bedrieglijke, frauduleuze of illegale activiteiten op te sporen, te voorkomen en erop te reageren.
Deze veiligheidsdoeleinden kunnen ook betrekking hebben op het verzamelen en verwerken van speciale categorieën persoonsgegevens (d.w.z. gezondheidsgegevens), voor bezoeken aan het kantoor en evenementen waar nodig voor de volksgezondheid of zoals vereist door de toepasselijke wetgeving.
Legitieme belangen; wettelijke verplichtingen; algemeen belang
Voor het op de markt brengen van onze producten en diensten of die van derden, zoals onze zakenpartners
, waaronder het vragen om of publiceren van getuigenissen of commentaar over onze producten en diensten, u marketing- en promotionele berichten of productaanbevelingen sturen (via e-mail, telefoon of andere online en offline kanalen) over onze diensten of die van derden, uw deelname aan een wedstrijd of evenement faciliteren, indrukken van advertenties beoordelen of deelnemen aan contextuele aanpassing van advertenties.
U kunt zich
hier
afmelden voor marketingberichten of door te klikken op de koppeling "afmelden" onderaan onze marketingmededelingen. U kunt uw e-mailvoorkeuren ook
hier
beheren. Houd er rekening mee dat sommige van onze marketingmaterialen en -informatie eventueel volgtechnologieën en analysehulpmiddelen gebruiken om ons te helpen bij inzicht in uw voorkeuren. Voor meer informatie, zie
sectie 5
hieronder en onze
Cookieverklaring
.
Toestemming (indien wettelijk vereist); legitieme belangen
Om aan een verwijzingsverzoek te voldoen wanneer u onze verwijzingsdienst gebruikt om een vriend/in te vertellen over onze diensten
, onder meer door de naam, het e-mailadres, de functie en de bedrijfsnaam te gebruiken die u ons verstrekt om contact op te nemen met de persoon die u doorverwijst.
U mag de persoonsgegevens van anderen alleen verstrekken als u hiervoor hun toestemming hebt.
Toestemming (indien wettelijk vereist); legitieme belangen
Diversiteit, gelijkheid en inclusie
, zoals het bevorderen van initiatieven en vertegenwoordiging op het gebied van diversiteit, gelijkheid en inclusie binnen ons bedrijf (indien toegestaan door de toepasselijke wetgeving).
Toestemming (indien wettelijk vereist); legitieme belangen
Bedrijfstransacties
, zoals verkoop, fusies, overnames, reorganisaties, faillissementen en andere bedrijfsevenementen.
Legitieme belangen; wettelijke verplichtingen
Wanneer u vrijwillig hebt ingestemd
met de verwerking van uw persoonsgegevens.
Toestemming
Zendesk respecteert de rechten van betrokkenen voor zover wettelijk vereist. U hebt wellicht het recht om uw persoonsgegevens in te zien, te corrigeren, bij te werken en, in sommige gevallen, te verzoeken om verwijdering van uw persoonsgegevens (behoudens uitzonderingen). U kunt
hier
een verzoek indienen.
Zendesk maakt gebruik van een beperkt aantal externe dienstverleners om ons te helpen bij het verwerken van gegevens voor bepaalde doeleinden. Deze externe providers helpen bepaalde functies van de site te ondersteunen, voeren databasecontroles en andere technische handelingen uit, helpen bij het verzenden van gegevens en leveren diensten voor gegevensopslag. Deze derden kunnen persoonlijke gegevens verwerken of opslaan tijdens het verlenen van hun diensten. Zendesk onderhoudt contracten met deze derde partijen die hun toegang, gebruik en openbaarmaking van persoonlijke gegevens beperken in overeenstemming met onze verplichtingen onder de EU-VS. DPF, de Britse uitbreiding van de EU-VS. DPF en de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF, inclusief de doorgiftebepalingen, en Zendesk blijft aansprakelijk als zij niet aan deze verplichtingen voldoen en wij verantwoordelijk zijn voor de schadeveroorzakende gebeurtenis.
4. Bronnen van persoonsgegevens
Informatie die u rechtstreeks aan ons verstrekt
, inclusief wanneer u zich registreert en rechtstreeks met ons communiceert via onze digitale eigendommen, onze kantoren bezoekt of deelneemt aan onze evenementen, marketing en contactactiviteiten.
Informatie verzameld van uw werkgever,
collega's of vrienden, waaronder informatie over vertegenwoordigers of andere werknemers van onze huidige, vroegere en potentiële klanten, leveranciers, investeerders en zakenpartners. We kunnen uw informatie ook ontvangen van vrienden als onderdeel van een verwijzing voor onze diensten.
Automatisch verzamelde informatie
, waaronder technische informatie over uw interacties met onze digitale eigendommen (zoals IP-adres, browsevoorkeuren en aankoopgeschiedenis). Meer informatie is beschikbaar in
sectie 5
hieronder en in onze
Cookieverklaring
.
Informatie uit openbare bronnen
, waaronder informatie uit openbare dossiers en informatie die u doorgeeft op openbare forums, zoals sociale media.
Informatie van andere derden
, waaronder informatie van externe dienstverleners en inhoudaanbieders, entiteiten waarmee we samenwerken om producten en diensten te verkopen of te promoten, en sociale-medianetwerken (inclusief ‘widgets’ met betrekking tot dergelijke netwerken, zoals de knop “Facebook Like”).
We kunnen informatie die we ontvangen van de verschillende bronnen die in deze verklaring worden beschreven, waaronder bronnen van derden en openbare bronnen, combineren en gebruiken of openbaar maken voor de hierboven vermelde doeleinden.
5. Cookies en andere volgtechnologieën:
We gebruiken cookies en andere volgtechnologieën en bieden u de mogelijkheid om deze instellingen te beheren zoals beschreven in onze
Cookieverklaring
. Sommige volgtechnologieën stellen ons in staat om de activiteit van uw apparaat in de loop der tijd en op verschillende apparaten en websites te volgen. Hoewel sommige browsers voorkeuren voor Niet volgen of DNT (do not track) hebben opgenomen, geven we momenteel geen gevolg aan dergelijke signalen van webbrowsers.
6. Beveiliging en bewaring
We handhaven passende beveiligingsprocedures en technische en organisatorische maatregelen om uw persoonsgegevens te beschermen tegen onopzettelijk(e) of onwettig(e) vernietiging, verlies, openbaarmaking, wijziging of gebruik.
Uw persoonsgegevens worden over het algemeen bewaard zolang dat nodig is om de doeleinden te bereiken waarvoor we de persoonsgegevens hebben verzameld. Zodra u en/of uw bedrijf de contractuele relatie met ons heeft beëindigd of anderszins uw relatie met ons heeft beëindigd, kunnen we uw persoonsgegevens bewaren in onze systemen en dossiers om te zorgen voor adequate naleving van overlevende bepalingen in beëindigde contracten of voor andere legitieme zakelijke doeleinden, zoals het bewijzen van onze zakelijke praktijken en contractuele verplichtingen, om u informatie te verstrekken over onze producten en diensten, of om te voldoen aan de toepasselijke wettelijke, fiscale of boekhoudkundige vereisten. Als we geen voortdurende legitieme zakelijke behoefte hebben om uw persoonsgegevens te verwerken, verwijderen, anonymiseren of aggregeren we deze, of, als dit niet mogelijk is (bijvoorbeeld als uw persoonsgegevens zijn opgeslagen in reservearchieven), slaan we uw persoonsgegevens veilig op en isoleren deze van verdere verwerking totdat verwijdering mogelijk is. Als u meer wilt weten over bewaartermijnen die van toepassing zijn op uw specifieke omstandigheden, neem dan contact met ons op via de gegevens in
sectie 9
hieronder.
7. Privacy van kinderen
Onze websites en diensten zijn niet gericht op kinderen jonger dan 16 jaar en we verzamelen niet bewust online persoonsgegevens rechtstreeks van kinderen. Als u een ouder of voogd bent van een minderjarig kind en van mening bent dat het kind online persoonsgegevens aan ons heeft bekendgemaakt, neem dan contact met ons op via de gegevens in
sectie 9
hieronder.
8. Externe koppelingen
Wanneer u met ons communiceert, kunt u koppelingen tegenkomen naar externe websites of andere online diensten, waaronder die welke zijn ingebed in advertenties van derden. We hebben geen controle over en zijn niet verantwoordelijk voor het beleid inzake privacy en gegevensverzameling van dergelijke websites en diensten van derden. U moet dergelijke derden en hun respectievelijke privacyverklaringen raadplegen voor meer informatie of als u vragen hebt over hun praktijken.
9. Contactgegevens
Als u vragen of klachten heeft over deze verklaring of over de privacypraktijken van de Zendesk Group, kunt u contact met ons opnemen via e-mail naar
euprivacy@zendesk.com
of
privacy@zendesk.com
, of via:
Zendesk, Inc.
T.a.v.: Privacyteam
989 Market Street
San Francisco, CA 94103, Verenigde Staten
In overeenstemming met de EU-VS. DPF, de Britse uitbreiding van de EU-VS. DPF en de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF, verplichten we ons om onopgeloste klachten over onze omgang met persoonsgegevens die we ontvangen op basis van de EU-VS overeenkomst, door te verwijzen naar de EU-VS overeenkomst. DPF, de Britse uitbreiding van de EU-VS DPF en de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF aan TRUSTe, een aanbieder van alternatieve geschillenbeslechting in de Verenigde Staten.  Als u geen tijdige bevestiging van ons ontvangt van uw klacht in verband met de DPF Principes, of als we uw klacht in verband met de DPF Principes niet naar tevredenheid hebben afgehandeld, ga dan naar
hier
voor meer informatie of om een klacht in te dienen.  Aan de diensten van TRUSTe zijn voor jou geen kosten verbonden.
10. Aanvullende voorwaarden voor inwoners van Californië
Op grond van de California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), is deze sectie 10 van toepassing op bepaalde persoonsgegevens die worden verzameld over personen in Californië, waar Zendesk bepaalt hoe en waarom de persoonsgegevens worden verwerkt (wat de CCPA een “bedrijf” noemt) en vormt het een aanvulling op de rest van onze bovenstaande verklaring. Deze sectie 10 is niet van toepassing op huidige of voormalige werknemers, sollicitanten, aannemers of vertegenwoordigers.
a. Aanvullende openbaarmakingen van gegevensverwerking:
De onderstaande tabel bevat de categorieën persoonsgegevens die we hebben verkocht, doorgegeven of bekendgemaakt aan derden, zoals gedefinieerd door de California Privacy Rights Act. Ter referentie, de tabel in
sectie 2
toont de categorieën verzamelde persoonsgegevens en onze openbaarmakingen van persoonsgegevens.
Categorieën verzamelde persoonsgegevens
Gegevens van de California Privacy Rights Act: Categorieën derden aan wie persoonsgegevens worden “verkocht of doorgegeven”
Identificatiegegevens
, zoals uw naam, e-mailadres, postadres, telefoonnummer en apparaatidentificatiegegevens (bijv. reclame-identificatiegegevens en IP-adres).
Bedrijven die cookies en volgtechnologieën beheren, beschreven in
sectie 5
, zoals marketing- en reclamepartners
Zakenpartners waarmee we samenwerken om onze producten en diensten gezamenlijk op de markt te brengen of te verkopen, zoals kanaalpartners.
Commerciële informatie
, waaronder voorkeuren, zoals aankoopgeschiedenis of -tendensen en transactionele informatie, zoals bankgegevens.
Niet van toepassing
Informatie over internet- of andere elektronische netwerkactiviteiten en apparaatinformatie
, zoals uw browse-geschiedenis, zoekgeschiedenis, apparaatinformatie en andere informatie (passief bladeren of actieve betrokkenheid) met betrekking tot uw interacties met ons en het gebruik van onze producten, diensten, e-mails en andere digitale eigendommen.
Bedrijven die cookies en volgtechnologieën beheren, beschreven in
sectie 5
, zoals marketing- en reclamepartners
Geolocatie-informatie
, zoals geschatte locatie op basis van uw IP-adres, locatie van uw mobiele apparaat of informatie die u aan ons verstrekt (zoals stad en staat/provincie die u via een webformulier verstrekt). U kunt het verzamelen van deze gegevens wellicht beheren via de instellingen van uw apparaat.
Bedrijven die cookies en volgtechnologieën beheren, beschreven in
sectie 5
, zoals marketing- en reclamepartners
Audio-, elektronische, visuele en andere zintuiglijke informatie
, zoals CCTV-opnamen van onze gebouwen (bijv. als u onze kantoren bezoekt), opnamen van uw interacties met onze verkoop- of belangenbehartigingsteams (bijv. voor kwaliteitswaarborging of trainingsdoeleinden, in overeenstemming met de toepasselijke wetgeving), of chat- of berichtenlogboeken van de klantenondersteuning.
Niet van toepassing
Conclusies zoals gedefinieerd door de Californische wetgeving
, zoals marketing waarop u waarschijnlijk positief zult reageren.
Niet van toepassing
Gevoelige persoonsgegevens
, zoals bewijs van vaccinatie of ras en etniciteit (optioneel) (indien toegestaan krachtens de toepasselijke wetgeving).
Niet van toepassing
Hoewel we in de afgelopen 12 maanden geen persoonsgegevens voor geld hebben “verkocht” of “doorgegeven”, houden we ons bezig met routinepraktijken met onze digitale eigendommen waarbij derden betrokken zijn die kunnen worden beschouwd als “verkoop” of “doorgeven” zoals gedefinieerd in de Californische wetgeving. We verkopen niet bewust persoonsgegevens van minderjarigen jonger dan 16 jaar en geven deze niet door. We verzamelen of verwerken geen “gevoelige persoonlijke informatie”, zoals gedefinieerd door de Californische wetgeving, om kenmerken over u af te leiden. Zendesk gebruikt alleen gevoelige persoonlijke informatie in overeenstemming met de uitzonderingen op het recht om gevoelige persoonlijke informatie te beperken.
Financiële stimulansen
: We kunnen een voordeel of aanbod aanbieden in ruil voor het verstrekken door u van persoonsgegevens, zoals korting of een coupon aan personen die reageren op een enquête. Als onderdeel van deze enquêtes kunnen we persoonsgegevens verzamelen, zoals uw naam, contactgegevens, voorkeuren, ervaringen, overtuigingen, meningen en andere antwoorden op de enquêtevragen. Deelname aan enquêtes wordt beheerst door de toepasselijke algemene voorwaarden voor de enquête, die alle financiële stimulansen in verband met die enquête beschrijven en hoe u kunt deelnemen. De waarde van uw gegevens is de waarde van het aanbod dat aan u wordt gepresenteerd. We hebben een dergelijke waarde berekend door gebruik te maken van de kosten in verband met het voordeel. U kunt zich op elk moment terugtrekken uit een financiële stimulans door ons een e-mail te sturen naar
privacy@zendesk.com
. Als we een ander soort financiële stimulans aanbieden, geven we de essentiële voorwaarden van elk aanbod aan u door wanneer we u vragen om deel te nemen.
b. Overige gegevensbeschermingsrechten:
Onder voorbehoud van wettelijke beperkingen kunnen bepaalde inwoners van Californië de onderstaande rechten hebben.
Recht om te weten.
U hebt het recht om informatie op te vragen over de categorieën persoonsgegevens die we over u hebben verzameld, de categorieën bronnen waaruit we de persoonsgegevens hebben verzameld, de doeleinden voor het verzamelen van de persoonsgegevens, de categorieën derden aan wie we uw persoonsgegevens hebben bekendgemaakt en het doel waarvoor we uw persoonsgegevens hebben bekendgemaakt (“
Categorieënrapport
”). U kunt ook informatie opvragen over de specifieke persoonsgegevens die we over u hebben verzameld (
“Rapport specifieke onderdelen
”).
Recht om te verwijderen.
U hebt het recht om te verzoeken dat wij persoonsgegevens verwijderen die wij van u hebben verzameld.
Recht om te corrigeren.
U hebt het recht om te verzoeken dat we onjuiste persoonsgegevens die we over u bewaren corrigeren.
Recht om u af te melden voor verkoop of doorgeven.
We verkopen geen persoonsgegevens aan derden in ruil voor geld. Zoals we echter uitleggen in
sectie 5
, geven we informatie door aan reclamepartners en staan we reclamepartners toe om informatie te verzamelen uit onze digitale eigendommen. Deze uitwisseling kan worden beschouwd als “verkoop” of “doorgeven” krachtens de Californische wetgeving, en u hebt het recht om u af te melden voor de “verkoop” of het “doorgeven” van persoonsgegevens.
Inwoners van Californië kunnen verzoeken om het recht om te weten, het recht om te verwijderen en het recht om te corrigeren uit te oefenen door ons
webformulier
te gebruiken of door ons een e-mail te sturen naar
privacy@zendesk.com
. We discrimineren u niet, op manieren die verboden zijn door de toepasselijke wetgeving, voor het uitoefenen van deze rechten.
Hoe u het recht om u af te melden voor verkoop of doorgeven volledig kunt uitoefenen:
Om het recht om u af te melden voor verkoop of doorgeven volledig uit te oefenen met betrekking tot de "verkoop" of het "doorgeven" van informatie, moet u beide volgende stappen ondernemen:
Een verzoek indienen tot afmelden voor verkoop of doorgeven via ons
webformulier
; en
het uitschakelen van het gebruik van advertentiecookies en andere volgtechnologieën door te klikken op de koppeling “Mijn persoonlijke informatie niet verkopen of doorgeven” in de voettekst van onze website. U moet deze stap voltooien op al onze websites vanuit elke browser en op elk apparaat dat u gebruikt. Deze stappen zijn noodzakelijk zodat we een cookie van een eerste partij kunnen plaatsen die aangeeft dat u zich hebt afgemeld op elke browser en elk apparaat dat u gebruikt.
Als u cookies blokkeert, kunnen we niet voldoen aan uw verzoek om u af te melden voor verkoop of doorgeven voor apparaatgegevens die we automatisch online verzamelen en bekendmaken aan derden met behulp van cookies, pixels en andere volgtechnologieën. Als u de cookies in uw browser wist, moet u stap 2 hierboven opnieuw uitvoeren. Voor zover vereist door de Californische wetgeving, respecteren we de voorkeurssignalen voor het afmelden van “Niet verkopen of doorgeven” die worden verzonden in een formaat dat vaak wordt gebruikt en wordt erkend door bedrijven op browserniveau, zoals een HTTP-kopveld of JavaScript-object.
Verificatie:
Om verzoeken om gegevensbescherming in Californië te verwerken, moeten we informatie verkrijgen om u te lokaliseren in onze administratie te of uw identiteit te verifiëren, afhankelijk van de aard van het verzoek. In de meeste gevallen vragen we informatie over u op, waaronder uw naam, e-mailadres of andere informatie. Als u een 'Rapport specifieke onderdelen' indient, kunnen we ook een ondertekende verklaring aanvragen, op straffe van meineed, dat u bent wie u zegt te zijn. We kunnen onder bepaalde omstandigheden om alternatieve informatie vragen en/of derden gebruiken om uw identiteit te verifiëren.
Geautoriseerde vertegenwoordigers:
Geautoriseerde vertegenwoordigers kunnen de gegevensbeschermingsrechten van Californië uitoefenen namens personen in Californië, maar we behouden ons het recht voor om de identiteit van de persoon rechtstreeks te verifiëren zoals hierboven beschreven. Geautoriseerde vertegenwoordigers moeten contact met ons opnemen door een verzoek in te dienen via ons
webformulier
en aan te geven dat ze het verzoek indienen als vertegenwoordiger. We kunnen van de vertegenwoordiger eisen dat hij/zij de bevoegdheid aantoont om namens u te handelen door het verstrekken van door u ondertekende toestemming. We kunnen u ook vragen om uw eigen identiteit rechtstreeks bij ons te verifiëren of om rechtstreeks bij ons te bevestigen dat u de geautoriseerde vertegenwoordiger toestemming hebt gegeven om het verzoek in te dienen.
Tijdsplanning:
We verwerken de verzoeken voor afmelding voor verkoop of doorgeven binnen vijftien werkdagen vanaf de datum waarop we het verzoek hebben ontvangen. We reageren binnen vijfenveertig dagen op verzoeken om te verwijderen en verzoeken om te weten tenzij we meer tijd nodig hebben, in welk geval we u op de hoogte zullen stellen, en het kan maximaal negentig dagen duren om op uw verzoek te reageren.
11. Aanvullende informatie voor de EER, Zwitserland en het Verenigd Koninkrijk
De volgende voorwaarden vormen een aanvulling op de verklaring met betrekking tot onze verwerking van persoonsgegevens uit de EER (d.w.z. lidstaten van de Europese Unie, IJsland, Liechtenstein en Noorwegen), Zwitserland en het VK. In geval van een conflict of inconsistentie tussen de andere delen van de verklaring en de voorwaarden van deze sectie 11, prevaleert sectie 11 met betrekking tot de verwerking van persoongegevens uit de EER, Zwitserland en het VK, voor zover van toepassing.
Verwerkingsverantwoordelijke:
De Zendesk-entiteit waarmee u een primaire relatie hebt (bijvoorbeeld de entiteit die het dienstencontract met u heeft afgesloten, de entiteit die u marketingmateriaal en promotionele berichten heeft verstrekt, of de primaire entiteit in de regio waar u onze website bezoekt) is de verwerkingsverantwoordelijke binnen het toepassingsgebied van deze verklaring. In de meeste gevallen is dit Zendesk, Inc., tenzij we u specifiek anders informeren.
a. Rechtsgrondslag voor verwerking:
Zie
sectie 3
voor de rechtsgrond die de basis is voor het verzamelen, verwerken en gebruiken van persoonsgegevens.
b. Overige gegevensbeschermingsrechten:
Krachtens de toepasselijke wetgeving inzake gegevensbescherming kunt u bepaalde rechten met betrekking tot uw persoonsgegevens uitoefenen:
Recht op toegang.
U hebt het recht om van ons bevestiging te verkrijgen of we uw persoonsgegevens en gerelateerde informatie verwerken, evenals het recht om een kopie te verkrijgen van uw persoonsgegevens die worden verwerkt.
Recht op gegevensoverdraagbaarheid.
U kunt de persoonsgegevens die u aan ons hebt verstrekt ontvangen in een gestructureerd, algemeen gebruikt en machinaal leesbaar formaat en u hebt eventueel het recht om deze zonder belemmering door te geven aan andere verwerkingsverantwoordelijken. Dit recht bestaat alleen als de verwerking is gebaseerd op uw toestemming of een contract en de verwerking wordt uitgevoerd op geautomatiseerde wijze.
Recht op rectificatie.
U hebt het recht om te verzoeken om rectificatie van onjuiste persoonsgegevens en om onvolledige gegevens te laten afronden.
Recht op bezwaar.
U hebt het recht om in bepaalde gevallen bezwaar te maken tegen de verwerking van uw persoonsgegevens.
Recht op beperking van verwerking.
U kunt in bepaalde gevallen verzoeken dat wij de verwerking van uw persoonsgegevens beperken.
Recht op wissen.
U kunt in bepaalde gevallen verzoeken dat wij uw persoonsgegevens wissen.
Recht om een klacht in te dienen.
U hebt het recht om een klacht in te dienen bij een toezichthoudende autoriteit. In overeenstemming met de EU-VS. DPF, de Britse uitbreiding van de EU-VS. DPF en de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF, verplichten wij ons om respectievelijk samen te werken en te voldoen aan het advies van het panel dat is opgericht door de gegevensbeschermingsautoriteiten (DPA's) in de EU, het Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) in het VK en de Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), en de Zwitserse Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) met betrekking tot onopgeloste klachten over onze omgang met persoonsgegevens die zijn ontvangen op grond van de EU-VS. DPF, de Britse uitbreiding van de EU-VS DPF en de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF.
Recht om toestemming te weigeren of in te trekken.
Als we uw toestemming vragen om uw persoonsgegevens te verwerken, staat het u vrij om te weigeren om deze te verstrekken. Als u uw toestemming hebt gegeven, kunt u deze op elk moment intrekken zonder nadelige gevolgen. De rechtmatigheid van de verwerking van uw persoonsgegevens die heeft plaatsgevonden voorafgaand aan het intrekken van uw toestemming wordt dan niet beïnvloed.
Recht om niet te worden onderworpen aan geautomatiseerde besluitvorming.
De soorten geautomatiseerde besluitvorming waarnaar wordt verwezen in artikel 22(1) en (4) Algemene verordening gegevensbescherming EU/VK (“
AVG
”) vinden niet plaats in verband met uw persoonsgegevens. Mocht dit veranderen, dan informeren wij u over het hoe en waarom van een dergelijke beslissing, het belang ervan en de mogelijke gevolgen ervan. U hebt ook het recht op menselijke tussenkomst, om uw standpunt kenbaar te maken en om de beslissing te betwisten.
U kunt deze rechten uitoefenen door contact met ons op te nemen via de gegevens in bovenstaande
sectie 9
. Houd er rekening mee dat we in bepaalde gevallen kunnen weigeren om te handelen naar aanleiding van verzoeken om gegevensbeschermingsrechten uit te oefenen, zoals wanneer het verlenen van toegang inbreuk kan maken op de privacyrechten van iemand anders of onze wettelijke verplichtingen kan beïnvloeden.
c. Internationale overdracht van persoonsgegevens:
Vanwege de wereldwijde aard van onze activiteiten kunnen sommige ontvangers die worden vermeld in
sectie 2
van de verklaring zich bevinden in landen buiten de EER, Zwitserland of het VK, die geen adequaat niveau van gegevensbescherming bieden zoals gedefinieerd door de wetgeving inzake gegevensbescherming in de EER, Zwitserland en het VK. Overdrachten binnen de Zendesk Group of naar derden in dergelijke derde landen vinden plaats met behulp van een geldig mechanisme voor gegevensoverdracht, zoals de standaardcontractbepalingen van de EU en/of het VK. Addendum bij dergelijke clausules, goedgekeurde Bindende Bedrijfsregels, goedgekeurde gedragscodes en certificeringsmechanismen, op basis van toegestane wettelijke afwijkingen of enig ander geldig mechanisme voor gegevensoverdracht uitgegeven of goedgekeurd door de EER, Zwitserland of Britse autoriteiten. Meer informatie over (en een kopie van) onze bindende bedrijfsvoorschriften is
hier
beschikbaar, en bewijs van goedkeuring van onze bindende bedrijfsvoorschriften is beschikbaar op de website van de Europese Commissie
hier
. Bepaalde derde landen zijn officieel erkend door de EER-, Zwitserse en Britse autoriteiten als landen die een adequaat beschermingsniveau bieden en er zijn geen verdere waarborgen nodig. Neem contact met ons op via de contactgegevens in
sectie 9
hierboven als u meer informatie wilt ontvangen over hoe we persoonsgegevens overdragen of, indien beschikbaar, een kopie van het relevante mechanisme voor gegevensoverdracht.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc. en Smooch Technologies US Inc. voldoen aan de EU-VS-regelgeving. Privacybeleid voor gegevens (EU-VS DPF), de Britse uitbreiding van de EU-VS DPF en de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse Data Privacy Framework (Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF) zoals uiteengezet door het Ministerie van Handel van de Verenigde Staten. Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc. en Smooch Technologies US Inc. hebben zich gecertificeerd voor de Amerikaanse markt. Department of Commerce dat het zich houdt aan de EU-VS Beginselen van het Privacyraamwerk voor gegevens (EU-VS DPF Principles) met betrekking tot de verwerking van persoonsgegevens ontvangen uit de Europese Unie op grond van de EU-VS DPF en uit het Verenigd Koninkrijk (en Gibraltar) op grond van de UK Extension to the EU-VS DPF. Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc. en Smooch Technologies US Inc. hebben zich gecertificeerd voor de Amerikaanse Department of Commerce dat het zich houdt aan de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse Kaderbeginselen voor gegevensprivacy (Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF-beginselen) met betrekking tot de verwerking van persoonsgegevens die uit Zwitserland zijn ontvangen op grond van de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF.  Als er een conflict is tussen de voorwaarden in dit privacybeleid en de EU-VS DPF Principes en/of de Zwitsers/Amerikaanse DPF Principes, gelden de Principes.  Voor klachten over EU-VS DPF-naleving die niet is opgelost door een van de andere DPF-mechanismen, hebt u onder bepaalde voorwaarden de mogelijkheid om een beroep te doen op bindende arbitrage. Meer informatie is te vinden op de officiële DPF-website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. Ga voor meer informatie over het Data Privacy Framework (DPF) programma en om onze certificering te bekijken naar
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
De Federal Trade Commission heeft jurisdictie over de naleving door Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc. en Smooch Technologies US Inc. van de EU-VS Privacybeleid voor gegevens (EU-VS DPF) en de uitbreiding van het VK naar de EU-VS DPF en de Zwitsers-Amerikaanse Data Privacy Framework (Zwitsers-Amerikaanse DPF).
Gegevensbeschermingsfunctionaris:
De contactgegevens van onze functionaris voor gegevensbescherming zijn als volgt: Zendesk, Inc., t.a.v.: Privacy Team and DPO, 989 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Aanvullende informatie voor andere regio's
Australië:
Persoonsgegevens die worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt door de Zendesk Group, zoals beschreven in deze verklaring, worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt in overeenstemming met de Australische Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) en de Australische Privacy Principles. Indien u ontevreden bent over onze afhandeling van een klacht of niet instemt met de door ons voorgestelde oplossing, kunt u een klacht indienen bij het Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) door contact op te nemen met het OAIC gebruikmakend van de manieren die vermeld staan op
hun website
. Als alternatief kunt u ons vragen om de details van uw klacht rechtstreeks aan het OAIC door te geven.
Brazilië:
Persoonsgegevens die worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt door de Zendesk Group, zoals beschreven in deze verklaring, worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt in overeenstemming met de Braziliaanse wet (“
LGPD
“). Personen die onze website of diensten gebruiken of openen, stemmen uitdrukkelijk in met het verzamelen, gebruiken, opslaan en verwerken van hun persoonsgegevens door ons voor de doeleinden die in deze verklaring worden beschreven.
Canada:
Persoonsgegevens zoals gedefinieerd in de Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt door de Zendesk Group in overeenstemming met de verplichtingen van de Zendesk Group krachtens de PIPEDA.
Japan:
Persoonsgegevens die worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt door de Zendesk Group, zoals beschreven in deze verklaring, worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt in overeenstemming met de Japanse Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We verkopen momenteel geen persoonsgegevens zoals gedefinieerd door de wetgeving van Nevada. Als u een inwoner van Nevada bent, kunt u ons desondanks e-mailen met behulp van de bovenstaande informatie om uw recht op afmelding voor verkoop uit te oefenen volgens de Revised Statutes §603A et seq van Nevada.
Nieuw-Zeeland:
Persoonsgegevens die worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt door de Zendesk Group, zoals beschreven in deze verklaring, worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt in overeenstemming met de Privacy Act 2020 en de 13 Information Privacy Principles van Nieuw-Zeeland (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Persoonsgegevens die worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt door de Zendesk Group, zoals beschreven in deze verklaring, worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt in overeenstemming met de verplichtingen van de Zendesk Group krachtens de Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
Verenigd Koninkrijk:
Persoonsgegevens die worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt door de Zendesk Group, zoals beschreven in deze privacyverklaring, worden verzameld, opgeslagen, gebruikt en/of verwerkt in overeenstemming met de verplichtingen van de Zendesk Group krachtens de Data Protection Act 2018 van het VK, zoals gewijzigd door de Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendementen enz.) (EU Exit) Regelgeving 2019, zoals gewijzigd, geannuleerd of vervangen (“
VK. AVG
”).
13. Beheer Engelse versies
Niet-Engelse vertalingen van deze verklaring worden uitsluitend aangeboden voor gemaksdoeleinden. De Engelse versie prevaleert in geval van dubbelzinnigheid of tegenstrijdigheid tussen de vertalingen.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Gelieerde ondernemingen
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Basis spółka z ograniczon- odpowiedzialno-ci -); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (VS); Goldcup 30290 AB (Zweden); Smooch Technologies US Inc. (VS); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L.U. (Spanje); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Sub-policy 2
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245:
Skip to main content
Safeguarding your data
Laws protecting user privacy such as the
European Economic Area’s General Data Protection Regulation
and other privacy laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents impact content publishers, application developers, website visitors, and application users. See also
the Google privacy policy
and Google’s site for
customers and partners
. Currently such regulations apply to specific geographic regions, but publishers and application developers often implement controls that affect the experience of users in all regions.
Google is committed to protecting data confidentiality and security. It is important to understand your privacy options, whether in the role of a publisher or a consumer. This page provides information on data collection and security for:
Content publishers and app developers (“customers”) using Google measurement products.
Website visitors and app users (“users”) of sites and apps using Google measurement products.
Data collection
Google customers use tags on web pages and an SDK for mobile apps to enable Google measurement products. The measurement data collected helps customers understand their users’ needs and, optionally, personalize the user experience and offer relevant advertising (see
Advertising personalization
).
Google tags and the SDK use cookies and app instance IDs, respectively, to measure user interaction. While these identifiers provide information about user behavior, Google prohibits customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Even so, use of cookies and app IDs falls under the privacy laws mentioned previously. Google customers need to inform users about the information being stored and give them the opportunity to grant or deny their consent.
See the following sections on this page to:
Learn how Google collects and processes information about website and app usage:
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Learn about our user policies and controls:
Information for visitors of sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Download this diagram that explains how Google Analytics collects, filters, and stores data.
Information for visitors of sites and apps Using Google Analytics
Our privacy policy
At Google, we are keenly aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to keep your privacy and data secure. As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect when you use our products and services, why we collect it, and how we use it to improve your experience. The
Google privacy policy & principles
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google's products and services, including Google Analytics.
Google Analytics cookies and identifiers
Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor (aka. user) interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. Users may disable cookies or delete any individual cookie.
Learn more
In addition, Google Analytics supports an optional browser
add-on
that - once installed and enabled - disables measurement by Google Analytics for any site a user visits. Note that this add-on only disables Google Analytics measurement.
Where a site or app uses Google Analytics for Apps or the Google Analytics for Firebase SDKs, Google Analytics collects
an app-instance identifier
— a randomly generated number that identifies a unique installation of an App. Whenever a user resets their Advertising Identifier (Advertising ID on Android, and ID for Advertisers on iOS), the app-instance identifier is also reset.
Where sites or apps have implemented Google Analytics with other Google Advertising products, like Google Ads, additional advertising identifiers may be collected. Users can opt-out of this feature and manage their settings for this cookie using the
Ads Settings
.
Learn more
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
Google Analytics under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under GDPR because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
Google Analytics under privacy laws in the United States
In order to help Google Analytics customers prepare for laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents, we have updated our
Data Processing Terms
to include a
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
. Subject to the full terms of this addendum, Google Analytics will act as a service provider to its customers (when data sharing with Google products and services is disabled) and as such, will only use data collected on behalf of the customer in Google Analytics to provide the Google Analytics services. Customers who have not accepted our
Data Processing Terms
can do so
per these instructions
. Customers who have already agreed to our
Data Processing Terms
will not need to take additional action to accept the CCPA service provider addendum. Customers should review the
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
, as well as Google Analytics’ use of data, to ensure it meets customer’s compliance needs.
To help customers manage their compliance needs, Google Analytics offers a collection of tools, detailed below, that enable you to control how data is collected, and whether it is used for advertising personalization.
If you have linked Google Analytics to another product, please refer to
Google Analytics linking overview
.
Google Analytics under the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under LGPD because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
International transfers
See
here
for information on data transfers via Google Analytics.
Data Collected by Google Analytics
First-party cookies
Google Analytics collects first-party cookies, data related to the device/browser, IP address (when collecting data, Google Analytics 4 does not log or store IP addresses), and on-site/app activities to measure and report statistics about user interactions on the websites and/or apps that use Google Analytics. Customers may customize cookies and the data collected with features like
cookie settings
,
User-ID
,
Data Import
, and
Measurement Protocol
.
Learn more
Google Analytics customers who have for instance, enabled the analytics.js or gtag.js collection method can control whether or not they use cookies to store a pseudonymous or random client identifier. If the customer decides to set a cookie, the information stored in the local first-party cookie is reduced to a random identifier (e.g., 12345.67890).
For customers who use the Google Analytics for Apps SDK, we collect an App Instance Identifier, which is a number that is randomly generated when the user installs an app for the first time.
Advertising identifiers
Where customers use
Google Analytics Advertising Features
, Google advertising cookies are collected and used to enable features like Remarketing on the Google Display Network. These features are subject to the users’
Ads Settings
, the
Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
and
Google’s EU User Consent policy
, which requires customers to obtain consent for cookies where legally required—including consent for personalized ads. For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the
Google Advertising Privacy FAQ
. It is possible to implement Google Analytics without affecting normal data collection where Advertising features are disabled until consent is obtained (see
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
), as well as prevent certain data from being used for advertising personalization purposes (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
PII prohibition
Our contracts prohibit customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Customers should follow these
Best Practices
to ensure PII is not sent to Google Analytics.
What is the data used for?
Google uses Google Analytics data to provide the Google Analytics measurement service to customers. Identifiers such as cookies and app instance IDs are used to measure user interactions with a customer’s sites and/or apps, while IP addresses are used to provide and protect the security of the service, and to give the customer a sense of where in the world their users come from. Customers may also choose to use the data collected by Google Analytics for site/app personalization or advertising purposes, including ads personalization (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
Data access
We do not share Google Analytics data without the customer’s authorization (including via settings in the product user interface), or as otherwise expressly permitted under the terms of their Google Analytics agreement, except in limited circumstances when required by law.
Customers may control their own access to data in their Analytics accounts or properties by configuring view and edit permissions for employees or other representatives who may login to their Analytics account.
Learn more
Security-dedicated engineering teams at Google guard against external threats to data. Internal access to data (e.g., by employees) is limited by strict access controls (both internal policy controls and automated technical controls such as authentication, SSL, and security logs) to only those with a business need to access it.
Product linking summary
Where customers link their Analytics property to another Google product or service account (“Integration Partner”), certain data from that Analytics property may be accessed and exported into the linked account. Once data is exported through a linking integration, it becomes subject to the Integration Partner’s terms and policies.
Note that once data is sent to an Integration Partner, that the data sent is subject to the terms of that Integration Partner and that Google Analytics no longer maintains access or control over that data.
Customers may review and manage their product integration linkings at any time within the Analytics product linking summary user interface.
Data sharing
Google Analytics provides several data sharing settings to customers, through which customers may customize how data collected using an Analytics data collection method (like the JavaScript code, mobile SDKs, and the Measurement Protocol) may be accessed and used by Google according to customer preferences. Note that these settings only apply to data collected from websites, mobile apps, and other digital devices using Analytics; they do not apply to data relating to a customer’s use of Analytics, such as the number of properties and which additional features are configured. Regardless of a customer’s data sharing settings, Analytics data may also be used only insofar as necessary to maintain and protect the Analytics service.
Learn more
Data Controls for retention, deletion, and portability
Data retention
With the
Data Retention controls
, customers can limit or expand the duration for which their user-level and event-level data is stored in Google Analytics servers. All customers should review their Data Retention settings and ensure the appropriate retention is selected.
User deletion
Customers may delete a single user’s data from Google Analytics by passing a single user identifier to the
Google Analytics User Deletion API
or via our
User Explorer report
. However, this does not delete aggregate data associated with that user, such as page URLs visited.
User-level data access and portability
Customers may pull event information for any given user identifier via our
User Explorer report
or the
User Activity API
. These features enable customers to analyze and export event level data for a single user identifier. In addition, our 360 customers may integrate with BigQuery to create a full export of all event data associated with their users in a single queryable repository.
Advertising personalization
Customers may choose to limit use of their analytics data for advertising personalization purposes, instead of disabling the collection of all analytics data or advertising identifiers (see “
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
”). Customers may choose to disable Advertising Personalization for data collected from their entire property, or to disable it for individual events or users (for
apps
,
websites
, and
measurement protocol
). Customers using Google Analytics for Firebase or Google Analytics 4 properties may also
exclude specific events or user properties
(like ‘purchase’ or ‘gender’) from being used for Ads Personalization.
If any of 1) all property-level data, 2) individual events, or 3) specific event names or user properties have been excluded from ads personalization, then Analytics will append an additional signal (called ‘npa’) in Postbacks indicating that networks should not use the data for personalized advertising. Note that each network's treatment of such 'npa' signal is determined by such network.
Data privacy and security
Certifications
ISO 27001
Google has earned ISO 27001 certification for the systems, applications, people, technology, processes, and data centers serving a number of Google products, including Google Analytics.
Learn more about our ISO compliance, and download our certificate (PDF)
or
learn more about ISO 27001
.
Information security
In web-based computing, security of both data and applications is critical. Google dedicates significant resources towards securing applications and data handling to prevent unauthorized access to data.
Data is stored in an encoded format optimized for performance, rather than stored in a traditional file system or database manner. Data is dispersed across a number of physical and logical volumes for redundancy and expedient access, thereby obfuscating it from tampering.
Google applications run in a multi-tenant, distributed environment. Rather than segregating each customer's data onto a single machine or set of machines, data from all Google users (consumers, business, and even Google's own data) is distributed among a shared infrastructure composed of Google's many homogeneous machines and located in Google's data centers.
In addition, Google Analytics ensures secure transmission of its JavaScript libraries and measurement data. Google Analytics by default uses HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS), which instructs browsers that support HTTP over SSL (HTTPS) to use that encryption protocol for all communication between end users, websites, and Google Analytics servers.
Learn more
Operational security and disaster recovery
To minimize service interruption due to hardware failure, natural disaster, or other catastrophe, Google implements a comprehensive disaster-recovery program at all of its data centers. This program includes multiple components to eliminate single points of failure, including the following:
Data replication
: To help ensure availability in the event of a disaster, Google Analytics data stored in Google's distributed file system is replicated to separate systems in different data centers.
Geographical distribution of data centers
: Google operates a geographically distributed set of data centers that is designed to maintain service continuity in the event of a disaster or other incident in a single region.
Resilient and redundant infrastructure
: Google's computing clusters are designed with resiliency and redundancy in mind, helping minimize single points of failure and the impact of common equipment failures and environmental risks.
Continuity plan in the event of disaster
: In addition to the redundancy of data and regionally disparate data centers, Google also has a business-continuity plan for its headquarters in Mountain View, CA. This plan accounts for major disasters, such as a seismic event or a public-health crisis, and it assumes people and services may be unavailable for up to 30 days. This plan is designed to enable continued operations of our services for our customers.
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
Data privacy and security
1 of 24
Safeguarding your data
2 of 24
Privacy controls in Google Analytics
3 of 24
[GA4] Data redaction
4 of 24
Introduction to user consent management
5 of 24
[GA4] Verify and update consent settings in Google Analytics
6 of 24
[GA4] Behavioral modeling for consent mode
7 of 24
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
8 of 24
[UA] IP masking in Universal Analytics [Legacy]
9 of 24
[GA4] Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
10 of 24
Data Processing Terms
11 of 24
We use our own products
12 of 24
Data retention
13 of 24
[GA4] Data-deletion requests
14 of 24
Data deletion requests (Universal Analytics) [Legacy]
15 of 24
ISO 27001 Certification
16 of 24
Google Analytics links overview
17 of 24
Account setup with additional privacy features
18 of 24
Best practices to avoid sending Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
19 of 24
Data Transparency Policy Against Fingerprints and Locally Shared Objects
20 of 24
Data controls in Universal Analytics
21 of 24
Data controls in Google Analytics 4
22 of 24
[GA4] EU-focused data and privacy
23 of 24
HIPAA and Google Analytics
24 of 24
Data sharing settings
Choose your own learning path
Check out
google.com/analytics/learn
, a new resource to help you get the most out of Google Analytics 4. The new website includes videos, articles, and guided flows, and provides links to the Google Analytics Discord, Blog, YouTube channel, and GitHub repository.
Start learning today!
12485525947013010208
true
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Get started with Analytics
Collect and manage data
Report and explore
Advertising and attribution
Audiences and remarketing
Manage accounts, properties, and users
Google Analytics 360
Migrate from UA to GA4 [Legacy]
Policies and data privacy
Community
Analytics
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
Introduction to Analytics
Set up Analytics
Guides and videos
Troubleshoot
Glossary
Events and key events
Import data from external systems
Integrations
Measure ecommerce
Measure lead generation
[GA4] First-party data
Reports
Explorations
Dimensions and metrics
Analytics Intelligence
The Analytics app
How data is stored and displayed
Regular expressions [Legacy]
Understand advertising
Understand attribution
Manage and configure attribution
iOS conversion measurement
[GA4] Set up audiences
[GA4] Use audiences for advertising and remarketing
[GA4] Audiences for common marketing objectives
[GA4] Troubleshoot audiences
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
How data is stored and displayed
Data privacy and security
true
true
69256
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false
Sub-policy 3
https://www.publift.com/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1470 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Please note that this website/app uses one or more Google services and may gather and store information including but not limited to your visit or usage behaviour. You may click to grant or deny consent to Google and its third-party tags to use your data for below specified purposes in below Google consent section.
Solutions
Products
Managed with Fuse
Fuse Enterprise
Technology
Fuse
Fuse Platform
Use Cases
Using AdSense
Retail Media
Existing Ad Management
Direct and programmatic
Case Studies
Auto
Forum
Puzzle
Weather
Editorial
News
Tool
All
See all
Resources
Resources
AdTeach
Blog
Ad Formats
Ultimate Core Web Vitals Guide for Publishers
We chat with James Nielsen, Publift's Head of Onboarding, about Core Web Vitals (CWV), why it's important for publishers, and what they can do to optimize their CWV health.
Watch now
Best High CPM Ad Networks for Publishers in 2025
Wondering which is the best high CPM ad network? Here is a list of the best high CPM ad networks in 2025.
Read now
About
About
About Publift
How It Works
Customer Experience
Careers
Newsroom
Book a demo
Solutions
Products
Managed with Fuse
Fuse Enterprise
Technology
Fuse
Use Cases
Using AdSense
Retail Media
Existing Ad Management
Direct and programmatic
Case Studies
Auto
Forum
Puzzle
Weather
Editorial
News
Tool
All
Resources
Resources
AdTeach
Blog
Ad Formats
Ultimate Core Web Vitals Guide for Publishers
We chat with James Nielsen, Publift's Head of Onboarding, about Core Web Vitals (CWV), why it's important for publishers, and what they can do to optimize their CWV health.
Watch now
Best High CPM Ad Networks for Publishers in 2025
Wondering which is the best high CPM ad network? Here is a list of the best high CPM ad networks in 2025.
Read now
About
About
About Publift
How It Works
Customer Experience
Careers
Newsroom
Book a demo
Book a demo
Book a demo
Last updated: September 2024
contents
Publift Privacy Notice
1. What does Publift do?
2. How does Publift protect your privacy?
3. Personal data we collect and process
4. How we use your personal data (our purposes) and our legal basis for processing it
5. Who we share your personal data with
6. Cookies and similar tracking technology
7. International data transfers
8. Data retention
9. Your data protection rights
10. Updates to this Privacy Notice
11. How to contact us
The primary purposes for which we collect your personal data is to provide you with the services you have requested, enable our publisher customers to sell advertising space on their digital properties and to optimise our publisher customers’ advertising opportunities. You agree we may use and disclose your personal data and other data for these purposes and also for secondary purposes, including to personalise your user experience and to promote Publift and third-party products and services to you. Our Privacy Notice (see directly below) explains how we collect, share and use your personal data, the extent to which your personal data may be disclosed to overseas recipients and how to access, correct, update, request deletion or complain about the handling of your personal data.
Publift Privacy Notice
We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice in full to ensure you understand how we use your personal data.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Notice, then you can click on the relevant link to jump to that section.
Publift respects your right to privacy.  This Privacy Notice explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal data about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights.  This Privacy Notice applies to personal data that we collect through our website at
https://www.publift.com/privacy-policy
("
Website
") and that we control in connection with the provision of our Fuse Tag service to our publisher customers ("
Publishers
"). Publift Pty Limited (or "
Publift
") is the controller of this data.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data or about this Privacy Notice, then please contact us using the contact details under the "
How to contact us
" heading below.
1. What does Publift do?
Publift is a programmatic advertising platform.  Through the provision of its
Fuse Platform
(comprised of the "Fuse Tag"), it provides Publishers with access to a variety of advertising services (including provided via third parties) by packaging them up into a single piece of code.  In particular, the Fuse Tag facilitates the collection of information from devices of users visiting Publisher properties by both Publift and its third party advertising partners, such as ad networks.  This enables Publishers to sell advertising space on their digital properties and to optimise their advertising opportunities. Publift is headquartered in Australia but services Publishers all around the world. For more information about Publift, please see the "
About Publift
" section of our Website. For more information about the Fuse Platform and our Fuse Tag, see the
"What is Fuse"
section of our Website.
2. How does Publift protect your privacy?
Publift respects the importance of your privacy and is bound by applicable privacy laws and applicable privacy regulations.  Publift is committed to protecting your privacy when managing your personal data and has policies and procedures to ensure that personal data is handled in accordance with applicable laws and applicable regulations.
3. Personal data we collect and process
a) The personal data we, Publift, collect from you, either directly or indirectly, will depend on how you interact with us, our Website and the digital properties of Publishers that use the Fuse Tag. We collect personal data about you from the following different sources:
Personal data collected via the Website, social media and service interactions
Information that you provide directly:
We collect personal data directly from you when you choose to provide us with this information online via our Website, through your other interactions with us (such as data collected via social media, surveys, when you become a Publift customer and through customer service communications). Certain parts of our Website will ask you to provide personal data, such as the "
Let's Talk" or "Contact Us
" pages for the purposes of enquiries in relation to our services. If you are a Publift customer, we will also ask you to provide personal data to create an account in order to access your Publift account and
Publift Dashboard
.
Information that we collect indirectly:
We collect your personal data indirectly from you, including through automated means from your device when you visit and use our Website. Some of the information we collect indirectly is captured using cookies and other tracking technologies, as explained further in the "
Cookies and similar tracking technology
" section below.
‍
Personal data collected via the Fuse Tag
Information that you collect indirectly:
We will also collect (or facilitate the collection of) personal data indirectly from you, through automated means when you visit digital properties of Publishers that use our Fuse Tag. Some of the personal data we collect indirectly (through the use of third-party processors), whilst other information we facilitate the indirect collection of by our third party partners ("
Data Partners
"). As at the date of publication of this Privacy Notice, most of the data described in this section is not considered “personal information” as defined in the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
b) The table below describes the categories of personal data we process about you:
through our Website and via any social media or other service related interactions with us; and
in connection with our provision of Fuse Tag services to Publishers.
Personal data collected via the Website and our social media and service interactions
Identity and Contact Data / Account Data
such as your name, email address and password, telephone number if you are a Publisher customer (or prospect).
Directly from you
Communications Data
such as your feedback on our products and services or the performance of our Website or our Fuse Tag and other communications with us (including when you interact with our customer service or sales teams), any queries you raise, chat, email or call history.  This will include information as to how you contact customer services and the channel of communication that you use or any information that you send to us (for example, if you complain about the performance of our Website or our Fuse Tag and send us screenshots).
Directly from you (online via our Website or social media channels or offline via calls with our customer services or sales teams)
Automatic collection
Website Usage Data
such as activity and Website and page interaction, information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see the "
Cookies and similar tracking technology
" section.  This will include page views and searches, log-in information, browser type, version and language, referring website address, clicks, operating system, information about content viewed, watched or downloaded for offline access, length of visits to certain pages, length of Website use and other functional information on Website performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Automatic collection
Personal data collected in connection with the Fuse Tag
Location Data
collected via the Fuse Tag which interfaces with third party providers such as Cloudflare and Google, from which we can identify your approximate geographic location, including by means of a version of your IP address.
Automatic collection
Device Data
collected via other third party processors and Data Partners whose code is embedded within the Fuse Tag, including IP addresses, identifiers for smart devices, IP browser user agent, cookie IDs, third party cookies, web beacons / tags, clickstream data, device identifiers, unique online identifiers, metadata, approximate geolocation data, the browser you use to visit the Publisher website, device type and information, advertising identifiers, signals indicating your consent preferences as communicated via a consent management platform, usage information such as date and time of access, internet service provider and information, computer and internet connection information, deidentified information, online and offline activity such as web browsing history, end user engagement information and behavior, user content data, URLs or app screens, statistics, internal search queries, ad reporting and delivery information, mobile advertising IDs, pseudonymous ID of audience segmentation, device sensor data and streaming data.
Automatic collection
Bid Request Data
collected by Data Partners whose code is embedded within the Fuse Tag, including details about the ad unit (e.g. the website), the digital content, device type and identifier, a unique advertising identifier, approximate geolocation data, information about your interaction with the Publisher web property that you are visiting and signals indicating your consent preferences as communicated via a consent management platform.
Automatic collection
We do not collect any sensitive personal data about you, such as health-related information or information about your race or ethnicity, or sexual orientation.
4. How we use your personal data (our purposes) and our legal basis for processing it
‍
We use the personal data that we collect from and about you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your information. Depending on our purpose for collecting your information, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
‍
‍
Contract -
we require certain personal data in order to provide our Fuse Tag services to you and to support those services;
Consent –
in certain circumstances, we may ask for your consent (separately from any contract between us) before we collect, use, or disclose your personal data, in which case you can voluntarily choose to give or deny your consent without any negative consequences to you;
Legitimate interests
– we will use or disclose your personal data for the legitimate business interests of either Publift or a third party, but only when we are confident that your privacy rights will remain appropriately protected. If we rely on our (or a third party's) legitimate interests, these interests will normally be to: operate, provide and improve our business, including our Website and our Fuse Tag; communicate with you and respond to your questions about our Website and Fuse Tag; improve our Website and/or Fuse Tag, or use the insights to improve or develop marketing activities and promote our products and services; detect or prevent illegal activities (for example, advertising fraud or malicious ads); and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure, and the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors and visitors.  Where we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, it will be in a way which is reasonable for you to expect as part of the running of our business and which does not materially affect your rights and freedoms; or
Legal obligation
– there may be instances where we must process and retain your personal data to comply with laws or to fulfil certain legal obligations
The following table provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal data and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal data is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
‍
Personal data collected via the Website and our social media and service interactions
Register your Fuse Platform account on our Website or our related websites for service interaction purposes and to manage and administer your account.
Identity and Contact Data / Account Data
Communication Data
Performance of a contract with you.
Provide and deliver the Website and Fuse Tag services to you.
Identity and Contact Data / Account Data
Communication Data
Performance of a contract with you.
Respond to your communications regarding our Website and Fuse Tag services, send you service updates, confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrator messages, respond to your enquiries, requests or complaints.
Identity and Contact Data / Account Data
Communication Data
Performance of a contract with you.
Otherwise, as necessary for our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to communicate with you) – where our communications are not necessary to perform or enter into a contract with you.
Reviewing communications with you for customer support and quality assurance and training purposes, and related record keeping.
Identity and Contact Data / Account Data
Communication Data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to communicate with you) – where our communications are not necessary to perform or enter into a contract with you.
Keep our business, including our Website, and Fuse Tag services, our employees, customers, vendors, and visitors secure and address threats to your safety or the safety of others; to detect and prevent fraud (online and in office). For example, online we use malware and spyware monitoring tools to detect suspicious activity and algorithms to detect unauthorised access.
Identity and Contact Data / Account Data
Communication Data
Website Usage Data
Necessary for our and our third parties' legitimate interests (to operate and provide our business, including our Website and Fuse Tag services; to detect or prevent illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure, and the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors, and visitors).
Manage compliance with our terms of service.
Identity and Contact Data / Account Data
Communication Data
Website Usage Data
Performance of a contract with you.
Otherwise, as necessary for our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business, including our Website and Fuse Tag services; to detect or prevent illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure, and the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors, and visitors.
To administer and maintain our Website and Fuse Tag services and our IT systems (including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data).
Identity and Contact Data / Account Data
Communication Data
Website Usage Data
Our and our third parties' legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business, including our Website and Fuse Tag services; to detect or prevent illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Manage our use of tracking technologies such as cookies(including enabling you to manage your cookie preferences) and analyse collected data to learn about our Website, and to improve our Website. This includes website analytics, identifying browsing trends and patterns and evaluating this information on an aggregated, group(s) basis and individual basis.
Website Usage Data
Consent (where required under applicable law – see cookie consent tool on our website).
Otherwise (for strictly necessary cookies) our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business, including our Website or use the insights to improve or develop marketing activities and promote our products and services).
Contact current and prospective customers about our products and services, and events we think may be of interest, including newsletters and other promotional mailers and electronic communications.
Identity and Contact Data / Account Data
Communication Data
Website Usage Data
Consent (where required under applicable law).
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to communicate with you and to develop marketing activities and promote our products and services).
Personalise and customise your Website experience, including to provide local or otherwise targeted content and information for customers, and to tailor the content on our Website.
Identity and Contact  Data / Account Data
Website Usage Data
Consent (where required under applicable law).
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business, including our Website, to use the insights to improve or develop marketing activities and promote our products and services).
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject, including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law.
Identity and Contact Data / Account Data
Website Usage Data
Communication Data
Legal obligation.
Protect our legal rights (including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others), for example to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests.
Identity and Contact Data / Account Data
Website Usage Data
Communication Data
Our legitimate interests (to protect our business interests).
Personal data collected via the Fuse Tag (in some cases by Publift processors)
To determine whether to serve visitors to Publisher properties using the Fuse Tag, with a consent management platform (in order to obtain any legally required consents), based on your location.
Location Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate and provide our Fuse Tag services in a legally compliant manner).
To measure the performance of advertisements displayed on Publisher properties via the Fuse Tag (TCF Purpose 8).
Location Data
Website Usage Data
Bid Request Data
Consent (where required under applicable law).
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to measure the success of advertising campaigns delivered via the Fuse Tag and to and improve our services).
To develop and improve our products / services (i.e. to develop and improve the Fuse Tag service) (TCF Purpose 10).
Location Data
Website Usage Data
Bid Request Data
Consent (where required under applicable law).
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to measure the success of advertising campaigns delivered via the Fuse Tag and to improve our services).
To ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug (TCF Special Purpose 1).
Device Data
Location Data
Website Usage Data
Consent (where required under applicable law).
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to ensure the security and integrity of our Fuse Tag services).
To facilitate the collection and transmission of Device Data and Bid Request Data to Data Partners
**
(TCF Purpose 1), in order for such Data Partners to provide their advertising services in accordance with their respective Privacy Policies and the preferences you indicate via the consent management platform displayed to you via Publisher properties.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Consent (where required under applicable law).
**
Joint controllership with Data Partners.
Please note that, Publift acts as a joint controller (with some of its Data Partners and Publishers) in facilitating the collection and transmission of Device Data and Bid Request Data to Data Partners. This is because, through provision of the Fuse Tag services to Publishers, Publift and its Publishers provide Data Partners with the opportunity to collect Device Data and Bid Request Data from Publisher digital properties and therefore have a degree of influence over its collection and transmission. However, neither Publift, nor its Publishers, have any influence over the subsequent processing of Device Data and Bid Request Data by Data Partners. This subsequent processing will be carried out by Data Partners in accordance with the terms of their respective Privacy Notices and the preferences you indicate via the consent management platform displayed to you via Publisher web properties.
5. Who we share your personal data with
We will share your personal data with the following categories of recipients:
our group companies
,
who provide data processing services necessary to provide our services to you (for example, to support the sales and delivery of our Fuse Tag services to you, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website, or who otherwise process personal data for purposes described in this Privacy Notice);
any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
(such as our professional advisers) where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
a
buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal data only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice; or
any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure (obtained separately from any contract between us).
In addition, with respect to,
personal data collected via the Website and our social media and service interactions,
we will share your personal data with the following categories of recipients:
third party service providers
who provide data processing services to us as necessary to provide you with services (for example, to support the sales and delivery of our Fuse Tag services, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website), or who otherwise process personal data for purposes described in this Privacy Notice. The following table lists the main third party service providers we engage to process your personal data, the categories of services they provide, and the types of personal data they receive in order to provide us these services:
‍
Google – Ad Manager
Programmatic services and ad serving
Location Data
Website Usage Data
Bid Request Data
Google Cloud
Data Warehouse
Location Data
Website Usage Data
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Cloudflare
Compute, performance and security services
Location Data
Device Data
Website Usage Data
Bid Request Data
Auth0
Identity and access management and related services
Identity and Contact Data
Location Data
Website Usage Data
Bid Request Data
In addition, with respect to
personal data collected via the Fuse Tag,
personal data is collected via the Fuse Tag by:
our
third party service providers
who provide advertising services to us in connection with our provision of the Fuse Tag, and
our
third party Data Partners
who provide their own advertising services via the Fuse Tag.
The following table lists the main
third party service providers
and third party
Data Partners
involved in the collection and processing of personal data via the Fuse Tag, the categories of services they provide, and the types of personal data they receive in order to provide us these services:
Adagio
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
AppMonet (dba “Adapt MX”)
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Azerion (Formerly Inskin)
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
ConnectAd
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Conversant
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Criteo
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Gum Gum
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Equativ (Formerly Smart AdServer)
See
here
.
Adserver services, supporting access to Publisher inventory made available via Google’s Open Bidding Platform.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Index Exchange
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Inmobi
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Kargo
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Magnite
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
NoBid
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
OpenX
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Playground XYZ
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Pubmatic
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Sharethrough (Formerly District M)
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Sovrn, Inc.
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Teads
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Triplelift
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
Xandr (acquired by Microsoft)
See
here
.
Programmatic advertising services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
33Across
See
here
.
Ad network and insight services.
Device Data
Bid Request Data
6. Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, "
Cookies
") to collect and use personal data about you via the Fuse Tag, including to serve interest based advertising.  For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
7. International data transfers
In some cases, your personal data will be processed by Publift in countries other than the country in which you are resident.  These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our servers are located worldwide, and we have offices in Sydney, Dublin, Melbourne and San Francisco.  Our third party service providers and Data Partners also operate around the world including in Australia, the European Economic Area, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Brazil, Japan, India, Philippines, Indonesia, China, Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, Turkey, South Korea, Israel and the Middle East.  This means that when we collect your personal data, we may process it in any of these countries.
Where we transfer your personal data to countries and territories outside of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom, which have been formally recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, we rely on the relevant "adequacy decisions" from the European Commission and "adequacy regulations" (data bridges) from the Secretary of State in the United Kingdom.
Where we transfer your personal data to a territory that outside of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom that is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice and applicable laws. The safeguards we may use to transfer personal data are, in the case of both our group companies and third party service providers and Data Partners, the
European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses
as issued on 4 June 2021 under Article 46(2) using module(s) for controller to controller and controller to processor transfers, including the UK Addendum and the UK International Data Transfer Agreement permitted under Article 46(2) of the UK GDPR for the transfer of data originating in the United Kingdom.
Should you have any questions about international transfers of your personal data, or the safeguards that we use, please contact us using the contact details under the “
How to contact us
” heading below.
8. Data retention
We retain the personal data we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
In certain circumstances, we will need to keep your information for legal reasons after our contractual relationship has ended and your Fuse Platform user account has been deleted. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of the legal requirement. For example:  We keep your information when we have a legal obligation to do so (for example if a court order is received about your account, we would retain your data for longer than the usual retention period when an account is deleted); to deal with and resolve requests and complaints (for example, if there is an ongoing complaint with respect to the Fuse Tag service), to protect individuals' rights and property (for example we may retain information about a data subject access request for a period after the request is dealt with in case there is a subsequent complaint and the information is needed to demonstrate how the request was handled) and for litigation or regulatory matters (for example we would retain your information if there was an ongoing legal claim and the information was relevant to the claim. This information would be retained until the legal claim had been concluded).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
9. Your data protection rights
Individuals located in the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area have the following data protection rights. To exercise any of your data protection rights if you are located in the United Kingdom or European Economic Area, see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under the "
How to contact us
" heading below.
You may
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal data.
You can
object to processing
of your personal data, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal data or
request portability
of your personal data, (i.e. your data to be transferred in a readable and standardised format.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing communications
we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing e-mails we send you.  To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), please contact us using the contact details provided under the "
How to contact us
" heading below.  If you choose to opt out of marketing communications, we will still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.
If we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time by using the contact details provided under the "
How to contact us
" heading below.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a supervisory authority
about our collection and use of your personal data.  For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
here
and for the United Kingdom
here
.  Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Generally, there will be no charge for this service, however you may be required to verify your identity before any information is released to you. Depending on the volume, type or method of access to the information you request, Publift may charge you some fees, however, these will not be excessive, will be notified in advance, and will not apply to the making of the request. Please note that depending on the volume or nature of the information required, it may take a number of days to fulfil the request.  Publift may destroy or de-identify personal data once the data is no longer deemed required by the business or by applicable laws.
You may deal with Publift anonymously by using a pseudonym, unless Publift is reasonably required or authorised by law to deal only with an identified person, or it is reasonably impracticable for us to respond to you if you have not identified yourself.
If you are in a location other than the United Kingdom and European Economic Area, you may have certain data protection rights. If you have a problem or request about your personal information or wish to enquire about your privacy, please submit a request
here
.
10. Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical or business developments.  All changes will be published on this website and will only apply to personal data that has been collected after the date you accept the new privacy policy.  When we update our Privacy Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.  We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Notice changes if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the "last updated" date displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice.
11. How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us by submitting an enquiry
here
.
For individuals who reside in the United Kingdom, we have appointed Law Squared as our Article 27 representative under the United Kingdom GDPR. If you want to exercise your rights under the United Kingdom GDPR, please use the details below:
‍
privacyrep.publift@lawsquared.com
‍
‍
Law Squared
c/o Publift Pty Ltd
The Stanley Building
7 Pancras Square,
King's Cross, London
United Kingdom
N1C 4AG
‍
The data controller of your personal data is Publift Pty Limited.
Get started
ENGLISH
FRENCH
GERMAN
SPANISH
Sub-policy 4
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語