Privacy Policy
Introduction
We understand how important privacy is to you and your family, which is why we are committed to creating a safe and secure environment that family members of all ages can enjoy. As a not-for-profit public organization, our goal is to collect only the information about our users and their use of our services that will help us provide the best online experience possible and implement Alteru Inc's mission.
This Privacy Policy describes how we use, share, and protect information that we collect from you and your child through use of our non-commercial applications.
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Alteru Inc Video ("Application") for mobile devices that was created by Alteru Inc.
Children's Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. Our applications are fully COPPA compliant, and Alteru Inc does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 14. Users must be 14 or older to be eligible to register on the Alteru Inc. site, and only parents are allowed to create accounts and profiles and post personal content on our sites and services. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@alteru.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is optional, and only available to those over 14. When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) name and email address of the adult responsible for the application (b) information you provide us when you contact us for help. We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

Our app never displays third party ads, and we never share your information with third parties whatsoever. However, we may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
● as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
● when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
● with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at support@alteru.com.
What do we do with Your Information?
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you'd like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at support@alteru.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing," means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at support@alteru.com