← Back to Fuelly
Privacy Policy
•
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Last Updated – October 1, 2020
Fuelly provides its users with automotive tracking services, via the Fuelly website and domain name offered from
        time to time, including those websites and domain names [related to Gas Cubby, Gas Tracker and aCar]
        (collectively, the “Website”) and/or the Fuelly mobile application, including the mobile applications Gas Cubby,
        Gas Tracker and aCar (collectively, the “Application” and together with the Website, the “Fuelly Service”). The
        Fuelly Service is owned and operated by Fuelly, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (“Fuelly”, “we” or
        “us”).
Your use of the Fuelly Service is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy (the
        “Privacy Policy”).
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE FUELLY SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
            YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF
            SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO SUCH TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE FUELLY
            SERVICE.
We are committed to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information we obtain from you through the
        Fuelly Service and we have created this Privacy Policy to inform you about how we collect, use and share your
        personal information, and about our privacy practices in general.
We are always ready to address your questions and concerns regarding this policy and our privacy practices. If
        you would like to contact customer service, please contact us via www.fuelly.com.
We continually strive to find new ways to enhance your experience with the Fuelly Service and we may modify this
        Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices. You are encouraged to review this
        Privacy Policy periodically and to check the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy for the most
        recent version. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of
        notice through the Website, the Application, or any other part of the Fuelly Service.
Terms of Service.
Use of the Fuelly Service is subject to the terms of our Terms of Service
            found at www.fuelly.com/privacy, which is hereby incorporated and made part of this Privacy Policy. By using
            the Fuelly Service, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Service.
Types and Uses of Collected Information.
Fuelly collects two types of information about
            you:
Personally Identifiable Information.
Personally Identifiable Information is
                        information that identifies a specific person. When you engage in certain activities via the
                        Fuelly Service, including but not limited to creating an account, sending feedback, or otherwise
                        participating in the Fuelly Service (collectively, “Identification Activities”), we may ask you
                        to provide certain information about yourself. If you elect to engage in an Identification
                        Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about
                        yourself, such as your name, address (including zip code), email address and/or telephone
                        number. When you enroll in the Fuelly Service, we may also ask you to provide us with additional
                        information, such as credit card information. Depending on the Identification Activity, some of
                        the information we ask you to provide may be identified as mandatory and some identified as
                        voluntary. If you do not provide mandatory information for a particular Identification Activity,
                        you will not be permitted to engage in that Identification Activity with the Fuelly Service.
                        Depending on the Identification Activity, Fuelly may not re-ask you for Personally Identifiable
                        Information if such are already stored with us.
When you use the Fuelly Service, we may use GPS technology (or other similar geolocation
                        technology) to determine your current location in order to display a location map with relevant
                        content or otherwise provide for the transmission of data, including such data for any required
                        or optional features of the Fuelly Service. If you do not want us to use your location for the
                        purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the Fuelly Service
                        located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the Fuelly
                        Service, provided that this may make certain or all features of the Fuelly Service
                        inoperable.
We may use Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and/or services to you,
                        administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Fuelly Service, improve our
                        marketing and promotional efforts, analyze use of the Fuelly Service, improve the Fuelly
                        Service, and tailor your experience with third parties as provided below in this Privacy Policy.
                        We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes,
                        accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our
                        Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law
                        enforcement activities.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
                        is information that does not identify a specific person. This type of information may include
                        things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website you visited before coming to the
                        Fuelly Service or otherwise participating in the Fuelly Service, the URL of the website you
                        visit after leaving the Fuelly Service, the type of browser you are using, your Internet
                        Protocol (“IP”) address, mobile carrier information, mobile device information, or general
                        and/or aggregated location data that does constitute Personally Identifiable Information. We,
                        and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers, may automatically collect this information
                        when you visit or use the Fuelly Service through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and
                        Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described below in this Privacy Policy. Most of the other
                        information we collect for mobile, such as your mobile device identification and mobile device
                        type, the request type, your mobile carrier, your mobile carrier user identification, and the
                        content of your request, does not by itself identify you to Fuelly, though it may be unique or
                        consist of or contain information that you consider personal.
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Fuelly Service,
                        analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with
                        law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party
                        Service Providers to measure the overall effectiveness of our products and services.
Release of Personally Identifiable Information.
We will not sell or share your
                Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below:
Authorized Third Party Service Providers.
Fuelly may provide products and services
                    through third parties. These “Third Party Service Providers” perform functions on our or your
                    behalf. You or We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Third Party Service
                    Providers to fulfill orders, move data in or out of the Fuelly Service, analyze data, operate the
                    Fuelly Service, troubleshoot and provide customer service. We may also provide personal information
                    to individuals and companies with whom we have business relationships and may share your information
                    with Third Party Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. However, the use of your
                    Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such
                    parties and is not subject to our control.
Remarketing.
Remarketing is a way for us to connect with people, based upon your
                    past interactions with the Fuelly Service. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by Fuelly to
                    perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors, including Google, may show Fuelly
                    ads on sites on the Internet. Third-party vendors may use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s
                    prior visits to the Fuelly Service. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the
                    Google advertising opt-out page at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Acquisition.
As with any other company, we could merge with, or be acquired by
                    another company. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain,
                    including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would
                    remain subject to this Privacy Policy.
As required by law. We reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as
                    required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply
                    with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, enforce or apply this
                    Privacy Policy, Terms of Service or other agreements or protect the rights, property or safety of
                    the Fuelly Service, users of the Fuelly Service or others.
Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
We may disclose or share
                Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Third Party Service Providers and the general public. For
                example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally
                Identifiable Information) or use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally
                Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our users to administer the Fuelly Service.
                We may also publish this aggregated information for promotional purposes. Such data is collected on our
                behalf, and is owned and used by us.
We may use Third Party Service Providers to serve ads when you participate in the Fuelly Service. These
                companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits and use of the Fuelly
                Service, and visits to other websites or locations in order to provide, through the use of network tags,
                advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Updating Information.
If you are enrolled in the Fuelly Service, you may change any of
                your Personally Identifiable Information by logging into your account and accessing the
                www.fuelly.com/driver/[your username]. We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable
                Information if it changes, as out-of-date Personally Identifiable Information may negatively affect the
                quality of your Fuelly Service experience.
Choices on Collection/Use of Information.
You can always choose not to provide certain
                information, although a certain level of information is required to engage and participate in the Fuelly
                Service. You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. “Administrative Emails” relate to your activity on
                the Fuelly Service, and include but are not limited to emails regarding your account, requests or
                inquiries, and purchases of products and services. If you do not want to receive promotional emails from
                us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving promotional emails at any time after registering by e-mailing
                us at support@fuelly.com or by hitting the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of any of our e-mails.
Security of Information.
You can access your Personally Identifiable Information via the
                Fuelly Service with your password and username. This password is encrypted. We advise against sharing
                your password with anyone. If you access your account via a third-party site or service, you may have
                additional or different sign-in protections via that third-party site or service. You need to prevent
                unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password
                and/or other sign-in mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer, browser, or mobile
                device by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Unauthorized entry or use,
                hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any
                time. In the event that we believe that the security of your information may have been compromised, we
                may seek to notify you of that development. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information
                resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. We may encrypt
                certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally
                Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us. However, no data transmission can be
                guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to
                protect data and seek to partner with companies that do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of
                any information transmitted to or from or via the Fuelly Service, and we are not responsible for the
                actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.
Data Tracking
Cookies.
To facilitate and customize your experience with the Fuelly Service, we
                    may store cookies on your computer or other similar device through which you access the Fuelly
                    Service. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or other device for
                    record-keeping purposes that contains information about you. We use cookies to save you time while
                    using the Fuelly Service, remind us who you are, and track and target your interests in order to
                    provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identifiable
                    Information from you, like which pages you visited, what links you clicked on, and how you used the
                    Fuelly Service. We may use Third Party Service Providers to display advertisements on the Fuelly
                    Service. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer or similar
                    device. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of
                    cookies by the Fuelly Service only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Third Party Service
                    Provider. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, however you may be able to modify your browser
                    settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of
                    the Fuelly Service may not work properly.
Other Tracking Devices.
We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel
                    tags and web beacons to track your use of the Fuelly Service, or we may allow our Third Party
                    Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. When you access the Fuelly Service or open or
                    click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that
                    action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior
                    on the Fuelly Service, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may
                    also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our marketing partners for the same purposes.
Privacy Policies of Third Party Websites.
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and
                disclosure of information we collect from you via the Fuelly Service. Other websites or services that
                may be accessible through the Fuelly Service may have their own privacy policies and data collection,
                use and disclosure practices. If you use, link or visit any such website, we urge you review the
                website’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.
Privacy Settings.
As a user, you may have limited access to privacy settings. These
                settings help hide information you wish to share with other users and/or the public. It is up to you to
                select the appropriate privacy settings. If you don’t agree with the available privacy settings, please
                stop using the Fuelly Service.
Public Areas.
We may provide areas on the Fuelly Service where you can publicly post
                information about yourself or can communicate with others such as on forums. This information may be
                accessible by other users and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore
                this information could be read, collected, and used by others. We have no control over who reads your
                postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution
                when posting any content or providing anything that could be deemed personal information.
Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents.
California law requires that we
                provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act
                (“COPPA”) and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by COPPA, we will provide you
                with the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through the Fuelly Service
                and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such Personally Identifiable Information
                may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. California law requires us to inform you,
                at your request, (1) the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and what third
                parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3)
                examples of the products marketed by those companies. COPPA further requires us to allow you to control
                who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request
                by email or physical mail to the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name,
                address, email address, and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share with
                our marketing partners. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department, and labeled
                “California Customer Choice Notice.” Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please note that there
                is no charge for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information or requesting this
                notice.
Children.
The Fuelly Service are not directed to people under the age of 13. If you
                become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please
                contact us at www.fuelly.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal
                information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
Advertising.
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia ("CafeMedia")
                for the purposes of
                placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising
                purposes. To
                learn more about CafeMedia's data usage, click here:
www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
Customer Service.
For assistance or questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the
                Fuelly Service, you may contact us at www.fuelly.com.
← Fuelly Home
•
Privacy Policy
•
Terms of Service
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy:
Warning!
Your browser does not support JavaScript!
Raptive Advertising Privacy Statement
CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive (“Raptive”) has an affiliate agreement with the website from which you linked (the “Site”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site. This Advertising Privacy Statement explains how Raptive uses your data and supersedes any other language on the Site (if any) with respect to the data privacy practices of Raptive.
We Collect Personal Data for Online Advertising
We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, Raptive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behavior on the site from which you linked and on other websites across the Internet using data available from your web browser, including cookies. We may also combine some of this information with information we obtain from third parties in order to create anonymous profiles. These profiles enable us and our partners to include you in audience segments, i.e., groups of users with similar interests. This audience data does not directly identify you. We share audience information with ad buyers and their technology partners via an automated bidding process operated by third parties that allows ad buyers to bid for the opportunity to display advertisements on the Site that you may find more relevant and accurate.
How We Collect Personal Data
Raptive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, which allow us to collect data like your IP Address (a unique address that identifies your device), geolocation, web browser type, device information, and operating system. By using the Site from which you linked, you consent to the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies, and the sharing of data captured by such technologies with Raptive, Google, and our site’s other third party partners.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain directly-identifying information like your name or phone number, but other personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
If you have provided your email address to the Site, such as when registering for a newsletter or promotion, the Site may share your email address with us. Sometimes we may provide certain functions to the Site so that we can collect your email address (with your knowledge) directly for both the Site and us. We will “hash” or de-identify your email address in order to create pseudonymous advertising profiles reflecting your interests, as further described below. Similarly, if you have provided your phone number or other identifying information to the Site or one of our partners described below, and that information is provided to us, that information is then “hashed” or de-identified before being used to create an advertising profile.
We use pseudonymized information such as your hashed identifiers, and share the pseudonymized information with our advertising partners, to enhance the information shared by your web browser software for the purpose of building advertising profiles as described above. An advertising profile could include information such as the Site content you have viewed and other interests, your other online activities, demographic data about you, and your interactions with advertisements on the Site. Raptive’s advertising partners and their activities are further described below in “Third Party Partnerships.”
Managing or Opting Out of the Use of Your Data
You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:
https://adssettings.google.com
. To opt out of sharing information collected from your web browser for advertising purposes, you can use
DAA WebChoice Tool
, available at
http://optout.aboutads.info/
. Please note that these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
Google Chrome. The Google Chrome browser notes your topics of interest based on the sites you browse and how often you visit them. Sites can also store info with Chrome about your interests. If you use Google Chrome, we may collect some information on your browsing history and share it with our partner companies. For more information and how to opt out, visit:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/13355898?hl=en&sjid=4513061944593762279-NA#
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing. If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by Raptive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences link at the bottom of the site. (Available in the EU.)
European Union Representative
consentmanager ab
Håltegelvägen 1b, 72348 Västerås, Sweden,
www.consentmanager.net
Mail:
support@consentmanager.net
Right to Opt Out of “Sales” of Personal Information in Some US States
Certain state laws – for example, California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia– give residents the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information to third parties, including for advertising purposes. Under these laws, the sharing of your information with a service provider for advertising purposes could be considered a “sale.” To opt out of the sharing of your information for advertising information, click the opt out link provided in the footer of the site from which you linked. If the site from which you linked does not have a footer, you can find the opt out link provided on the privacy policy page from which you linked. You also have the right to request from us the categories of personal information that we have shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was provided. To make such a request, please contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. To be clear, we do not share your name, contact information, or any other sensitive information with third parties, and the categories of third parties that we share information with for advertising purposes are supply side platforms, programmatic advertising exchanges, and demand side platforms.
Third Party Partnerships
On behalf of the site from which you linked, Raptive partners with certain technology services providers. Below you can read detailed information about the privacy policies of these technology companies, and choose to opt-out of their advertising related capabilities.
Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences. When you use the Site, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form) with our partner/service provider, Amazon Publisher Service – Publisher Audiences. We may also share hashed and de-identified email addresses with Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences, which uses that information to create a link between your hashed email and its databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email and in-app etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. To opt out of this use, please head here:
https://youradchoices.com/
For Amazon Publisher Services Privacy Policy please head here:
https://aps.amazon.com/aps/privacy-policy/
Criteo. We share hashed emails with our partner Criteo for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Criteo hashed email targeting here:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
Fabrick. We share pseudonymized information, including a hashed version of information that we collect from you directly (such as email or phone number), third party IDs (such as mobile advertising IDs or other IDs assigned by third parties), IP addresses, and/or information about your browser or operating system with Neustar Information Services . Neustar Information Services and its affiliated companies (NIS) may match this pseudonymized information with information in their data repositories and issue another pseudonymous ID, which is changed on a weekly basis, for our use in connection with real-time bidding for digital advertising. NIS and other third parties may also link demographic or interest based information to your browser via Cookies. To opt out of the use of this data by NIS for this purpose, click here:
Neustar Privacy Choices
or use the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out link provided above.
Flashtalking. We may choose to share and/or utilize information with our partner Flashtalking for the purposes of internet based advertising. You may learn more about how Flashtalking operates and choose to opt-out of Flashtalking here:
https://www.flashtalking.com/privacypolicy
.
ID5. We may choose to share information with our partner ID5 for the purposes of ad targeting. You may learn more about how ID5 operates and choose to opt-out of ID5 data collection here:
https://id5.io/platfo
LiveIntent. We may provide your hashed email address to our partner LiveIntent, which may match it with other data associated with email address collected by LiveIntent in order to help us create a more accurate advertising profile. You can learn more about how LiveIntent operates, and choose to opt out of LiveIntent’s use of your data for online advertising, here:
https://www.liveintent.com/services-privacy-policy/
LiveRamp. When you use our Publisher network’s websites and enter your email address (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar), they may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that they collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). Acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that Publishers may store in their first-party cookie for use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognizing you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy:
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
Optable. We use Optable for data management and storage, including your personal information. Optable is processor working on our behalf and does not further share your data without our permission. Optable is a platform we use to build “clean rooms” to facilitate Rapitve’s integration with other third-party partners that provide us with additional data that we could include in building audience segments.
Slickstream. The site you visited may include search functionality that we provide called Slickstream. To learn more about Slickstream, you can visit
Slickstream.com
. We provide the Slickstream service to other publishers in addition to those with which we have an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes. Slickstream collects data regarding the pages you have visited within the site, to provide you with search results and content recommendations, among other things. In addition, you may be asked to voluntarily provide your email address and other personal information as part of your use of the Slickstream search functionality. We use the data collected via Slickstream to provide the Slickstream service. If the Site from which you linked has an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes, we will also use that information in connection with advertising as provided above. You can opt out of our use of your information for such purposes by following the links referenced above, or by contacting us at
optout@raptive.com
.
The Trade Desk. We may choose to share an encrypted, unique identifier, based on your email address and/or other personal information, with our partner The Trade Desk. This identifier, called UID 2.0, is used to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes. Detailed information on The Trade Desk is available at:
https://www.thetradedesk.com/privacy
You can choose to opt out of UID 2.0 by visiting the Transparency and Control Portal at:
https://transparentadvertising.org/
Verizon. We share hashed emails with our partner Verizon for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Verizon hashed email targeting here:
https://yahoo.mydashboard.oath.com/