Privacy Policy for Site and Apps
Touch Bible services (Touchbible.com, TouchBible.net, TouchBible.org, Touch Bible on social media sites, Touch Bible apps and various communications) are able to collect details regarding its usage. The following document provides general information about in-house and third-party use of the collected data in non-specific terms. It is subject to change at any time. This document was last updated on Jan 13, 2019.
What is “personally identifiable information?”
“Personally identifiable information” are things such as your name, address, phone number, email address or anything that can link a user to a real person.
What Is Collected and Why?
Touch Bible services do not automatically know who its users are. In order for these sites or apps to know who a user is, someone would need to provide that information.
In some cases, third parties already have your personal information. For example, Facebook or the App Store would know some personal information.
These third parties have their own privacy policy
. Currently there is no need for Touch Bible to ask these third parties for a user’s data. Therefore, data known to third parties is not stored on any of Touch Bible’s servers.
When you contact the site, the email you provide as well as the name and message are kept behind a third party secure server. This information is used to respond and to improve the site and the products that relate to it.
When  you purchase an app, a record of your purchase is kept by that app store.  App stores are able to track the use of an app (for example, if the app crashed, how often you open the app, etc.). Please refer to any third party for information about what they collect and share.
Like most websites on the internet, Touch Bible services are able to track some data regarding the broad location of its visitors, the time of their visits, the length, an IP address, the ways the visitors enter the site and the files that a visitor views. Location data is generated via an educated guess based on different factors. This data is for analytical purposes, improvement, self promotion and support. The site uses data about your device to render itself and present relevant data. Browser information can be technical and detailed (for example, what kind of computer is using a service from Touch Bible).
What is Shared?
The reason Touch Bible services collect information is for support and self promotion. Personal information might be shared with authorities where required by law or when necessary for customer support purposes (for example, sharing a customer’s information with their app store for support with an issue). Some third parties already collect their own data through their own means, however Touch Bible is not actively selling customers’ communications and usage to any third party.
Touch Bible services might publicly share number of visitors, downloads, page visits, shares, app reviews, inspiring stories and other types of information.
Practices avoided
Touch Bible does not sell customer email address to third parties.
Touch Bible does not track how you use the iOS and Android apps with the exception of the online features. For example, the verses you look up or search within the app are only stored on your device, however using the online Study Wiki is tracked the same way any website would be tracked.
Touch Bible does not distribute third party ads. Note that some devices might serve ads in conjunction with use of its apps (such as the low cost Amazon Fire devices), however this is done independent of Touch Bible. The philosophy is that the Bible itself should be cost free and ad free. It is impossible to limit how a device serves ads, but for Touch Bible’s part, the app is 3rd party ad free. The Touch Bible services do, however, self promote Touch Bible related products.
Email and Telecommunication contact
If anyone asks for a direct payment for a Touch Bible related service over the phone or any other communication, it is likely a scam. Asking for payment is very rare.
Touch Bible does not ask for payments to be sent via email, text, over the phone, through Messenger or Apple Pay, or any other mobile payment platform. A link to a payment form will never be sent in an email. You will be instructed to navigate yourself to the place of payment – no direct links are ever provided for payment purposes. This is to reduce PHISHING attacks.
Touch Bible apps do not collect payments within the actual app.
The only way to make a payment for a Touch Bible related purchase or service are through official third party
app stores
OR via a
form on its websites.
The only official websites for payment are
Touchbible.com, TouchBible.net, TouchBible.org
, or the
official
Touch Bible Facebook page –
facebook.com/touchbible
. (Note, the form might direct you to a third party, such as Paypal or a reputable app store. Carefully check any link and be sure that the spelling matches one of the sites emphasized above.)
There are currently no official crowd funding campaigns (such as Kickstarter) related to Touch Bible. You may check for an update on this page to see if there is a new campaign.
The only app stores accepting money for Touch Bible are the
Apple App Store, Amazon’s Appstore
and
Google Play
. Please check those stores for their policies regarding payments and communications. If one of those stores email you regarding a payment for an app, contact that store directly for details.