Our Privacy Policy
Our apps are not in the business of doing anything   with your  data. We believe such information is yours and yours alone. We do not store or transmit your personal details, nor do we include any advertising or analytics software that talks to third parties, even in our free apps.
What Information Do We Collect?
The PCalc applications for iOS and macOS do not in general collect any individual information, or connect to the internet. They're just calculators!
The one exception is that for the currency conversion feature, PCalc will talk to the pcalc.com website, in order to download the latest set of exchange rates.
During this, some information about your copy of PCalc is logged as part of the conversation. This is  strictly limited to your device's IP address, the version of PCalc you are using, the type of device PCalc is running on (e.g. iPhone or Mac), the version of the OS, and your primary language setting. That's pretty much the same kind of thing we'd get  if you just visited our website with your browser.
Automatic downloading of the currency rates can be switched off in the Advanced section of the settings, and this will prevent PCalc from connecting to the internet at all.
What Do We Do With The Information?
This information is occasionally used in an aggregated fashion to see what kind of devices people are running PCalc on. This helps us decide such things as how far back to support various operating systems, which languages we might want to add in the future, and so on.
Most of the time, we forget to look at it anyway.
iCloud Syncing
If you have iCloud Drive enabled and create any user functions, conversions, constants, or key layouts, these will be uploaded to Apple's iCloud servers, so they can automatically sync across  to your other devices. We don't have any access to that information. You can  switch off iCloud syncing in the same  section of the settings.
Contact Us
If you have any more questions, please feel free to
get in touch
.
A
TLA Systems Ltd.
Production • Copyright © 1992 - 2022
James Thomson