Privacy Policy
Brain Innovation B.V., hereinafter “Brain Innovation”, takes the protection of your privacy very seriously. We therefore treat your personal data in confidence and with the utmost care. This Privacy Policy applies to all personal data collected and used by Brain Innovation. The data in question is customer data related to purchase and support. The processing of personal data complies with legitimate principles and with guidelines such as the General Data Protection Regulation. This implies that Brain Innovation takes appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal data against any form of unlawful processing.
Websites
When using our general website (brainvoyager [dot] com, brain-innovation [dot] com), no personal data, including IP addresses, is stored on disk.
Information about Google Analytics
. This function allows us to view information about the use of our websites, including the viewing of pages, the source of the visit and the time spent on our websites. The information is anonymized and presented in statistical form, so that it cannot be traced back to the user. With Google Analytics we can see what content is popular on our websites, so that we are better able to provide users with useful information.
Cookies
We may place small data files called
cookies
on your device.
What are cookies? A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering this information when you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
A number of our pages use cookies to remember:
•	your display preferences, such as contrast colour settings or font size
•	if you have already replied to a survey pop-up that asks you if the content was helpful or not (so you won't be asked again)
•	if you have agreed (or not) to our use of cookies on this site
•	login information
Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended.The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described above.
How to control cookies?
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Sales and Support
Brain Innovation will only use your data if it needs your data to deliver (or has delivered) products (software) to you or when providing support to help you using its software products. After purchase of Brain Innovation products, your data is stored in order to handle (subscription) licensing and to inform about important software updates. Brain Innovation will not sell or otherwise provide your personal data to third parties. Our employees are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your data.
If a support case involves sending some MRI data sets to Brain Innovation’s support employees, data is only accepted in case that you ensure that it is properly anonymized. Anatomical MR data must also be made unidentifiable by using a defacing or skull stripping routine. Brain Innovation will delete your data one month after the support case is closed, or at any time that you request deleting the data.
Data Retention
Brain Innovation retains your personal data for as long as your license subscription continues or for as long as is necessary to deliver our support services. If you decide to stop using our software products, we will delete your personal data at your request.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may need updating as a result of changes in the applicable laws or as a result of changes in the business or services. So therefore, we advise you to read this Privacy Policy on a regular basis to remain up to date. If Brain Innovation makes changes that materially alter your privacy rights, Brain Innovation will provide additional notice via email.
Your Rights with Respect to your Personal Data
You have the right to withdraw your consent with respect to our use of your personal data. You also have the right to access your data and to modification or deletion in the event your data as stored by us are incorrect or otherwise unlawful. Next thereto you have the right to request us to provide you with your data in a machine readable and interoperable format.
Our Contact Details are:
Brain Innovation B.V.
Oxfordlaan 55
6229 EV Maastricht
The Netherlands
Our customer support team is available for you:
support [at] brainvoyager [dot] com
- This Privacy Policy was last amended in May 2018 -
Back To Top
HOME
NEWS
PRODUCTS
Overview
BrainVoyager
BrainVoyager EDU
Turbo-BrainVoyager
Turbo-BrainVoyager MED
Turbo-Satori
PowerMAGView!
BrainStar
Brain Viewer
Brain Tutor
Screenshots
Screen Movies
Purchase
MOBILE
Brain Tutor for Android
Brain Tutor for iOS
DOWNLOADS
Overview
BrainVoyager EDU
BV for Windows
BV for macOS
BV for Linux
Plugins for Windows
Plugins for macOS
Plugins for Linux
Plugins for Developers
Turbo-BrainVoyager
RESOURCES
Overview
Documentation
Known Issues
Platform-Specific Issues
Publications
Rainer's BV Blog
SUPPORT
Privacy Statement
Service Terms
Support Web Site
Courses
COMPANY
About Us
Rainer Goebel
Jobs
Sitemap