iRosary
The World HD
Are you seeking peace?
Pray the rosary.
iRosary is a very special rosary for anyone wanting to learn to pray the rosary and also for those who know the rosary prayers well, but want a deeper experience than with a physical rosary.
Always New Audio
Male / Female / Both
iRosary includes studio-recorded male and female voices which can be played individually or together, saying alternating parts. You can switch voices at any time.
Moves Rosary
The audio track moves the rosary, updating the prayer text and images so you can follow along.
Travel Companion
iRosary is the perfect companion while traveling. You can control iRosary using the audio controls on your device’s lock screen, with your Apple AirPods, and Apple CarPlay.
Always New
iRosary creates an audio track each time you listen by mixing multiple recordings of the parts of each prayer. Like hearing a friend pray, you hear the same voice, but with a different tone and cadence from prayer to prayer. Each rosary audio track is unique.
Starts at Current Prayer
The rosary and audio always stay in sync so you can easily switch between listening to the audio and manually using the rosary at any time.
Natural Motion Rosary
Natural Motion
The iRosary rosary moves like a physical rosary and, when praying without audio, it is used to advance the prayers by moving it with your fingers. The tactile feel connects you to the prayers.
Switch Sides
You can place the rosary on either side of the screen for ease of use - just drag it to the side you want.
Design Your Perfect Rosary
You can customize the look of the rosary using the built-in rosary design tool.  Ultra increases the options to more than 180,000 possible designs.
Curated Images
Master Artwork
To help you meditate on each mystery, iRosary includes high-resolution images of famous religious paintings by artists such as El Greco and Murillo. We curated these from a review of thousands of paintings to closely match the theme of each mystery.
Ultra more than doubles the number of paintings and adds the ability to switch between them.
Resize
You can adjust how much of the screen is used by the prayer text and the images. For example, you can fill the screen with the images or display more text with smaller images.
Contact Us
Copyright 2021 Opicury Software
Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://opicury.com/privacy-policy.html:
iRosary
The World HD
Privacy Policy
Effective date: December 08, 2018
Opicury Software ("us", "we", or "our") operates the iRosary and The World HD mobile applications (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Opicury Software is managed through this website.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Opicury Software uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Opicury Software will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Opicury Software may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Opicury Software
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: irosary@opicury.com
Contact Us
Copyright 2021 Opicury Software
Privacy Policy