References On Tap
Your reference manager for iOS
References On Tap for iOS Privacy and Subscription Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information of References On Tap (“we” or “us”), in connection with References On Tap for iOS software
We receive your information primarily through References On Tap for iOS software. When using References On Tap for iOS you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country that you reside in or create information from, your information may be used by us in the United Kingdom, the United States of America or any other country where we operate.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@referencesontap.com.
Information Collection and Use
References On Tap for iOS is purchased from the Apple's App Store and will require the use of an Apple ID. The purchase details (name, address, credit card information, etc.) are the property of Apple Inc. and are not shared with References On Tap. That is, References On Tap never receives or stores your personal information. If you use cloud sync your reference metadata (authors, titles, notes, etc.) and, optionally, file attachments will be stored on you iOS device(s) and Apple's iCloud Drive. No data are stored on References On Tap servers.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not disclose your private information except in the limited circumstances described here.
Your Consent
: we may share or disclose your name and email with your consent, such as to a third party vendor when you need technical support for the use of References On Tap for iOS with that vendor's app.
Law and Harm
: We may disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property.
Subscription Policy
An unregistered version of References On Tap for iOS is limited in the following ways: searches return a maximum of 20 references, only 50 references can be stored in your local database, PDFs that you annotate on the iOS device are watermarked, and there will be ads. To have permanent full access without these restrictions and no ads you must purchase the app ("in-app purchase"). In addition, if you want to use Cloud Sync you can purchase a subscription that is for one year and can be auto-renewable. The subscription can be managed in iOS -> Settings > iTunes & App Store > Subscriptions. The subscription might renew if it wasn't canceled more than 24 hours before the renewal date.
References On Tap
© 2020 References On Tap
Contact Us