TrackMyTour Privacy Notice & Cookie Policy
Last Updated: 6 November 2024
We have updated this document to provide you with a better understanding of what data we collect, how we use it, and why.
Who we are
TrackMyTour is a global website and service run and owned by Christopher Meyer of Red House Consulting GmbH. The website, iOS, and Android apps are developed and managed on an Apple computer in a small town in central Switzerland.
At TrackMyTour we are committed to maintaining your trust and confidence in our service. We are not in the business of selling, trading, or sharing your data with anyone for marketing or any other purpose outside the scope of our service. However, due to the nature of our service, we do collect, store, and use some personal data. This page will discuss what we collect and why.
Data collection and what we do with it
Anonymous and Registered Users
The TrackMyTour website can be browsed anonymously without submitting any personal data. However, if you'd like to create content on TrackMyTour (e.g., use TrackMyTour to blog your next vacation) then you must create and sign in with an account. The account is associated with you, and requires some personal information to be provided.
Cookies
TrackMyTour uses cookies for authentication (including Facebook Login, Sign in with Apple, & Sign in with Google), authorisation, to assist in the prevention of
Cross-site request forgery attacks
, and to personalise the user experience. Authentication cookies originating from our service are placed on your device when you sign in and are removed when you sign out.
Cookies are also used by Google Analytics (see below).
Generally speaking, cookies make your online experience better. However, you're welcome to delete or block cookies on this or any other site. Have a look at the "
What Are Cookies?
" website for instructions on disabling them in your browser. Just keep in mind that deleting or blocking cookies may cripple or break the usability of the website.
Access Token
The iOS and Android apps use an access token to maintain your identity between the TrackMyTour website and the app running on your device. It is conceptually analogous to an authentication cookie.
See the
Access Token Wikipedia page
for more information.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to log and understand general website usage and trends. It helps us understand things such as how many visitors we receive each month, how long users remain on the site, which pages are popular, and how visitors found the service.
Events are logged anonymously, which prevents us from associating specific actions to a user.
Google Analytics uses cookies for tracking your actions. If this is something you'd like to prevent then consider installing the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
from Google.
You can read about
Google GDPR Compliance
on their website.
Google Fonts
TrackMyTour uses Google Fonts to render fonts on the website. This requires your browser to make requests to Google, where Google may log and process your IP address.
You can read about
Google GDPR Compliance
on their website.
Website Logging
TrackMyTour creates a standard web server access and error log, which contains information on each request including:
the date and time of the request,
the URL of the request,
the client user agent (as defined in the
User-Agent
request header),
IP address, and
errors, if applicable.
This information is used by us for security and troubleshooting purposes, and is purged after fourteen days.
Personal User Data
You are required to submit some personal information when you register an account. This includes:
a username, to uniquely identify your account (does not have to match your real name);
a password, to secure access to your account; and
an e-mail address, which helps verify your identity and provides a means to reset a forgotten password.
Your first and last name are optional.
Your e-mail address may be used by us to:
send you a welcome e-mail (once you have registered),
send you a confirmation e-mail if your e-mail address has changed,
send you a password reset e-mail (if requested), and
send you an e-mail if extraordinary circumstances require it.
At the moment we have no newsletter or mailing list, but this may change in the future. If this happens you will be given the choice to opt-in.
We also track the date you joined TrackMyTour and when you last made a request to the service.
None of this data is shared or made public with the exception of the username, which is displayed alongside content you create on the site or app (i.e., maps, comments, or reactions).
Facebook Login
Users have the option of using Facebook Login, which provides an alternative way to authenticate without having to remember a username and password. TrackMyTour is configured to gather the minimum amount of personal information from your Facebook account, which includes no more than:
your full name,
preferred locale,
gender,
time zone,
Facebook user ID,
public profile picture,
e-mail address, and
whether your account is verified.
This information is used for authentication. It does not grant TrackMyTour access to post to Facebook on your behalf, or see other data on Facebook associated with you. Your public profile picture might be visible on the website and in the app.
Facebook Login creates a default TrackMyTour username based on your first and last name. This can be changed via the website or app.
Please see the "Personal User Data" section to understand how we use your username and e-mail address. All other data from Facebook is kept private and is not used for any other purpose.
Sign in with Apple
Users have the option of using Sign in with Apple, which provides an alternative way to authenticate without having to remember a username and password. TrackMyTour is configured to gather the minimum amount of personal information from your Apple account, which includes:
e-mail address
Sign in with Apple gives you the option of obscuring your e-mail address from us. A unique e-mail address to relay e-mails between TrackMyTour and you is created if you select this option.
Please see the "Personal User Data" section to understand how we use your e-mail address.
You can learn more about
Sign in with Apple & Privacy
on their site.
Sign in with Google
Users have the option of using Sign in with Google, which provides an alternative way to authenticate without having to remember a username and password. TrackMyTour is configured to gather the minimum amount of personal information from your Google account, which includes your:
full name,
preferred locale,
public profile picture, and
e-mail address.
This information is used for authentication. Your public profile picture might be visible on the website and in the app.
Sign in with Google creates a default TrackMyTour username based on your first and last name. This can be changed via the website or app.
Please see the "Personal User Data" section to understand how we use your username and e-mail address.
Peecho
TrackMyTour integrates with
Peecho B.V.
to provide book printing services.
TrackMyTour manages the book editing and rendering process, and shares the resulting book data (as a document) with Peecho to finalise printing, shipping, and payment collection.
Peecho requires payment information and a postal address to be provided. This information is stored on the Peecho servers. See Peecho's
privacy policy
and
Data processing agreement customers
for more information.
TrackMyTour is given access by Peecho to your postal address and order status.
App Crash Analytics
The app uses
Firebase Crashlytics
to gather diagnostic information when a crash occurs. This information is sent from your device to Firebase and is made available to us for analysis.
Crash logs contain information on your device such as the device model, version, orientation, etc. It also includes your TrackMyTour username, which can be used to identify you. This information is collected for debugging purposes only.
For further details read the
Crashlytics and App Distribution Data Processing and Security Terms
.
Push Notifications
Users who have enabled push notification on their iOS or Android device will have a device-specific token generated and saved on the TrackMyTour server. This token is used by the server to send notifications to your device.
At present we use push notifications for the following events:
notification of map updates,
anniversary notices of previous tours,
notification of new comments,
notification of reactions, and
occasional notifications of TrackMyTour discounts and offers.
This list may change in the future.
Users can disable push notifications for TrackMyTour (or any other app) in the device settings.
iOS & Android Devices
A record is kept about each iOS & Android device that uses the TrackMyTour app. This includes:
an identifier unique to the TrackMyTour app and physical device,
the date and time of the last request,
the device type (e.g., iOS or Android),
TrackMyTour Premium status (e.g., whether the app has the paid upgrade applied),
OS version, and
TrackMyTour app version.
This information is used by us when resolving support tickets, and to help understand usage trends.
E-mail sent to us
E-mails sent to any
@trackmytour.com
address is sent to the TrackMyTour server before being stored on a
Google Gmail
account.
E-mails sent to
support@trackmytour.com
are also forwarded and stored in our ticket support system.
User Content
TrackMyTour stores your location, photos, captions, comments, and reaction data associated with your maps and account. This data is made available for you to share with friends and family in a public or limited way.
Each TrackMyTour map is given a unique URL in the form
https://trackmytour.com/NNNNN
, where
NNNNN
is a unique alphanumeric string (or text).
Maps marked with "Public" visibility are made available for other users to discover, view, share, and follow.
Maps marked with "Limited" visibility are not linked openly from anywhere on the TrackMyTour site, but are technically visible by anyone who has the URL. These maps are also configured with the
noindex
directive, which is an indicator to search engines to not index the page. This is conditional on the search engine recognising and respecting the directive.
We are unable to prevent users who have access to your map from sharing the URL with other users or on social media sites.
Data Caching
Users who view your map (whether with a browser or with the app) may have data about your map cached on their device. This is done for performance reasons, and is transparent to the user.
Where is the data stored?
The TrackMyTour site and database are hosted by
Akamai Connected Cloud
(formerly Linode) in Frankfurt, Germany.
Photos uploaded to TrackMyTour are stored with
Wasabi Hot Cloud Storage
in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Daily backups of the databases and photos are stored at the TrackMyTour office in Switzerland. An encrypted offsite backup is made to a location in Switzerland.
Retention, Correction, and Right to be Forgotten
Your data is stored indefinitely such that it is available whenever you want to access it.
Incorrect data can be changed at your convenience via the website or app.
You can request your account and associated data be deleted by sending us an e-mail to the contact address below. Data may remain on backups until it is purged by the backup retention policy.
Right of Access
Users may request a copy of all personal data stored on the TrackMyTour website. For security reasons this can only be fulfilled if the request is made from a verified e-mail address. There is no cost to this request.
Other Topics
Change of Ownership
If TrackMyTour is ever sold to a third party it will be under the condition that the spirit of the existing privacy and cookie policy be retained.
Links to Third Party Sites
Users have the option to add links to their maps, comments, and captions over which TrackMyTour has no control. TrackMyTour is not responsible for the content of any external site linked in this manner.
Children's Privacy
TrackMyTour does not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. TrackMyTour is not targeted toward children under 13, nor is it designed to solicit information from children under 13. If you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected such information then please notify us at the contact address below so that we may immediately delete the information from the server.
Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at anytime without notice.
How to contact us
Please write to us at
support@trackmytour.com
if you have any questions, concerns, or comments about this privacy notice and cookie policy, use of your data, or anything else related to TrackMyTour.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210699:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
English
Choose your preferred language
Sign in with Apple allows you to sign in to apps and websites while protecting your privacy.
Some developers may ask for your name, which you can edit. They may also ask for your email, which you can provide directly or use an alias.
Apple knows if you’ve enabled Sign in with Apple for an app or a website, but does not track what apps or websites you sign in to or when.
When you first use Sign in with Apple to sign in to an app, Apple uses information about your account and experiences with Apple, along with information about your device and device usage patterns, to help prevent fraud.
Enabling Sign in with Apple
Sign in with Apple protects your privacy by allowing you to sign in to an app (or App Clip) without having to provide the developer with information that personally identifies you. Sign in with Apple also allows you to sign in to a website without having to provide the developer with any additional information that personally identifies you beyond information used by your browser for normal web functions. Instead, when you use Sign in with Apple, Apple provides the app developer with a unique identifier, allowing you to keep your information private. This identifier is distinct for each app developer, to help prevent different developers from gathering and sharing information about you across apps. Developers can also let you use Sign in with Apple for existing accounts on their apps or websites. If a developer chooses to enable this, you can keep the account you have already but sign in to it using Sign in with Apple.
Because certain apps may have reason to collect more information about you — for example, to refer to your account by name or contact you by email — some developers may ask for your name or email address when you use Sign in with Apple. Your name will default to the name associated with your Apple Account, which you can edit before sharing with the developer. If the developer asks for an email address, you can choose to provide the developer with any of the email addresses associated with your Apple Account, or to hide your email address. If you choose to hide your email address from the developer, Apple will generate and provide the developer with a unique email address for them to use to communicate with you. Apple will forward email received at that address to an email address associated with your Apple Account; Apple deletes messages after delivery or after a short while if undeliverable. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can change the email address to which mail is forwarded, or disable email forwarding, by going to Settings > [your name] > iCloud > iCloud Mail > Mail Forwarding. On your Mac, go to System Settings > [your name] > Personal Information. When you deactivate and delete an email address used with Hide My Email, it is retained in association with your Apple Account for 30 days for purposes of abuse prevention. The removed address is thereafter permanently deleted from your Apple Account, and retained only for security purposes such as to prevent reissuing the address.
If you choose to enable Sign in with Apple for an app, that choice is linked to the Apple Account you use for iCloud, so that you can easily use Sign in with Apple for that app on all of your Apple devices.
For fraud prevention and security reasons, the first time you use Sign in with Apple with a new app, Apple will share a simple binary score with the developer to give them confidence that you are a real person. This score is derived from your recent Apple account activity along with abstracted information about your device and device usage patterns. Neither Apple nor the developer receives any specific information about how you use your device.
Using Sign in with Apple
Apple knows when you enable Sign in with Apple for an app or website so that we can help set up the sign-in. When you then use Sign in with Apple with an app on your iPhone, Apple does not see or retain a history of which apps you sign in to or when you use Sign in with Apple — that information stays on your device. When you use Sign in with Apple on Safari, Apple sees when you sign in to a website so that Apple can authenticate your sign in, but Apple does not retain a history of what websites you sign in to or when you use Sign in with Apple.
Even if you use Sign in with Apple to sign in to an app or website, developers can ask you for additional personal information after sign-in. Any personal information that you choose to provide to a developer is subject to their privacy policy.
Managing Sign in with Apple
To manage Sign in with Apple, go to Settings > [your name] > Sign-In & Security > Apps Using Your Apple Account on iOS, to System Settings > [your name] > Sign-In & Security on Mac, or visit
account.apple.com
and go to the Sign-In and Security section, then go to Sign in with Apple. There, you can find a list of the apps using Sign in with Apple, review their privacy policy, and disable Sign in with Apple. If you choose to disable Sign in with Apple for an app, information that was shared with the developer to set up Sign in with Apple for that app and any information that the developer associated with your Sign in with Apple account will continue to be handled according to the developer’s privacy policy.
More Information
Apple works to protect Sign in with Apple with strong authentication — powered by Touch ID, Face ID, and strong passcode options.
Apple may receive anonymous and aggregate information about Sign in with Apple, including information about the use of Sign in with Apple. None of the collected information identifies you personally. Apple may use information that does not identify you to improve Apple products and services, for marketing, and for fraud prevention and security purposes. Apple will not attempt to reidentify any anonymous or aggregated Sign in with Apple data we receive.
Apple will use your information as required by law and for fraud prevention. By using Sign in with Apple, you agree and consent to Apple’s and its subsidiaries’ and agents’ transmission, collection, maintenance, processing, and use of your information as described above.
Apple retains personal information only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in Apple’s Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal information collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal information for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
www.apple.com/privacy
Published Date: September 20, 2024
Sub-policy 1
https://www.peecho.com/terms-conditions/:
Oops, something went wrong.
The page you're looking for no longer exists!
Browse products
Start printing