Skip to main content
We do this to understand how visitors use our site, improve your experience, and provide content we think might interest you.  For more information see our
Privacy Statement
Privacy
`Effective Date: February 23, 2025
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement governs the online information collection practices of Augusta National, Inc. (“ANI”). ANI and any and all entities that control, are controlled by, or are affiliated with ANI are (collectively referred to herein as “we,” “us” or “our”). This Privacy Statement outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using Masters.com or other websites controlled or managed by ANI (collectively referred to as the “Site”), as well as our mobile apps (the “App”).  This Privacy Statement applies to information we collect on the Site and in the App, as well as in emails, texts, calls, and other communications between you and us, and other interactions you have with us or any of the foregoing, including in connection with the tickets/badges (“Tickets”) for the Masters Tournament, Augusta National Women's Amateur and/or Drive, Chip and Putt National Finals (“Tournaments”) (all of which is collectively referred to as our “Services”). It also outlines our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. It does not apply to information that we may collect anywhere we post a different privacy policy, or to any website, app, or other property operated by any third party.
Our Services are not directed to children. No one under age 16 may provide any information to the Services. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use our Services and do not provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. Please read our
Terms of Use
and this Privacy Statement carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Services. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to this Privacy Statement, including any relevant supplemental privacy statements. This Privacy Statement may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Statement). Your continued use of the Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Statement periodically for updates.
1. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY STATEMENT
Please note that we may change this Privacy Statement from time to time by posting an updated version of the Privacy Statement to the Site or the App. It is your obligation to review this Privacy Statement from time to time and to review updates that are posted on the Site or the App. If we believe the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. Please refer to this Privacy Statement regularly. Your use of the Services following any change will signify and constitute your assent to and acceptance of the revised Privacy Statement.
2. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information You Give Us
.  We may collect and retain any information from you or your devices provided to us when you use the Services, including when you:
register for an account;
submit or update an application for Tickets for our events, including the Masters Tournament, Augusta National Women’s Amateur, and/or Drive, Chip and Putt National Tournaments;
make a purchase from us;
use interactive features of our Services, such as by playing in-app games or participating in virtual events;
communicate with us, such as to provide feedback, request support, or ask for additional information; and
subscribe to content we offer, such as videos, articles, newsletters, alerts, etc.
In order to access some of the Services, you may be required to provide personal information such as name, phone number, payment information, tax identification number, birthdate, and address, as well as contact information for your caddie.
You acknowledge that any information you provide through the Services is provided voluntarily, and you represent and warrant that you have all necessary consents for all information that you provide, including personal information about others.  Please note the information you provide to one Service may combined with information from other Services, and may also be synchronized across our Services.  For example, our App may synchronize with your account profile on the Site (and vice versa) and the Site information for such account held by us.
Information Collected in connection with Your Account
. Certain features of the Services are accessed through your account with us, such as our Masters Fantasy Game Challenge or purchases in our online store.  When you create an account, you must provide an email address and password to enable your login.  Depending on the features you use in your account, we may collect additional information, such as:
If you play our Masters Fantasy Game Challenge, we may collect your name, age, and zip code, as well as information about the players you have selected, leagues you may have formed or joined, records of your communications with us and other users or players, any points and prizes you may win, and any further information we need to administer the Challenge or prizes.
If you purchase items from our Services, our payment processor may collect your payment information.  You can also ask our payment processor to remember certain credit card information along with your contact information.
If you use our Services while logged into your account, we may collect information about your engagement with our Services and their content, data about your device, any preferences you provide (such as favorite players or notification preferences), records of virtual events you organize or participate in, and your interaction related to features, offers, or incentives that we and our affiliates might offer.
Note that information connected with your account may be synchronized between the Services so that you may have access to them from several devices.
Automatically Collected Information
. We may collect information automatically when you visit our Services, such as:
your IP address;
the type of browser, devices, and operating systems you use;
unique identifiers associated your browser or devices;
information associated with equipment or systems used in connection with your use of the Services (e.g., an identifier of a Wi-Fi router or Internet access point);
information about your download or use of the App;
the pages you visit and the content viewed, including dates and times;
if you navigated from or navigate to another website, the address of the website; and
information regarding your internet service provider.
Our Services collect information through a variety of technical methods, including without limitation, cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, including similar technologies as they may evolve over time. Cookies are pieces of information that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing the website. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images, including images on the pages of websites, social media pages, emails, and other channels.
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site.
RFID Technology in Tickets
. Tickets provided by ANI contain Radio-frequency identification (“RFID”) technology. In order to receive any Tickets offered by ANI, you consent to ANI tracking the location of the Tickets through RFID readers. ANI may link RFID serial numbers to Ticket serial numbers and ultimately in some instances to personal information that ANI may hold or obtain about you.
Information Provided by Service Providers, Business Partners, or other Third Parties
.  We may collect or receive information from third party partners who provide services or data to us, such as demographic information or information we receive when you interact with us via social media.  We may also collect information about you from publicly available sources.
3. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We and others acting on our behalf may use the information that we collect or receive to operate our business, including our Services, as described below:
Operate and Support our Business and Services
. ANI uses personal information (i) for our business purposes, such as establishing and managing your customer account, providing products and services you request (such as processing and shipping orders, sending order and shipping confirmations), processing and collecting payments, and implementing, administrating and managing the Tournaments; (ii) to provide customer support, and to send you communications regarding the Tournaments, our Services, and/or your player registration; (iii) to evaluate and improve our business, including developing new products and services and analyzing the effectiveness of products, services, and the Services; and (v) to comply with applicable legal requirements, to enforce our policies and terms of service, and to protect you, the Services, us, and others, including the general public, against error and fraud.
Improving and Evolving Our Services
. We constantly evaluate and improve our Tournaments and Services, including developing new products or services and use the information we gather to do so. We may use or disclose your information to perform data analyses, including market and consumer search, trend analysis, demographic analysis, and financial analysis.  This can involve using information, such as RFID tags information, to track Ticket locations in and around ANI property; to determine vehicle and traffic flow patterns and patron travel flow patterns; and to track and monitor Ticket use and attendance.
Marketing
. We may use personal information to market to you and others regarding matters we believe may be of interest, including via direct marketing, and/or by delivering targeted and interest-based advertising.  To stop receiving marketing emails, please follow the unsubscribe instructions contained at the bottom of such emails you receive from us
Other Contacts
. We may contact you through telephone, or email for other purposes, as permitted by law.
Protection of interests, security and integrity
. Personal information may be used to protect the health, safety, welfare, rights, or interests of you, us, any third party, or the general public.  It can also be used to protect the safety and integrity of our Services, troubleshoot issues, and detect and prevent errors, fraudulent activity, or other potentially wrongful, harmful, or illegal activity.
Compliance and claims
. We may use personal information to comply with, establish, assert, exercise, defend against, or enforce any legal claims, legal rights, legal obligations, legal process, government requests, our policies, internal investigations, or prudent security or business practices.  This includes (but is not limited to) enforcing this Privacy Statement, our Terms of Use, and any other contract(s) or agreement(s) we may have with you.
Please note that other parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Services.  To learn more about your ability to opt out of certain of the technologies used by these other parties, please visit the
Digital Advertising Alliance
and
the Network Advertising Initiative
.
4. WHEN AND HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We only share information about you for any purpose described or permitted by this Privacy Statement, unless you consent to other sharing. We may therefore share information about you in the following ways:
Corporate Affiliates
. We may share information with our corporate affiliates for their everyday business purposes, to provide services or to perform marketing. We may also participate in joint ventures with others and we may share information as part of that joint venture.
Third Party Service Providers
. We may employ independent contractors, vendors, and suppliers (collectively, “Outside Contractors”) to provide specific services and products related to ANI and the Services, including, without limitation, security, site control, crowd control, traffic control, Ticket control, hospitality operations, vending, payment processing, technical support, legal advice, hosting and maintaining the Services, developing applications for the Services, fraud prevention, identity verification, or to help us customize advertisements, content, offers, or other communications to you, and otherwise helping us communicate with you. These Outside Contractors may receive access to information collected about you in the course of providing products or services to us.
Other Users and the General Public
. If you use interactive features of our Services, such as our Fantasy game, your information may be visible to other players or users.
Business Transfer
. We may share information we have collected about you in connection with the sale or merger of our business or the transfer of assets.
Protection of Ourselves and Others, and Compliance with Law
. We may share personal information to protect the health, safety, welfare, rights, or interests of you, us, any third party, or the general public, including preventing fraud, theft, and injury to you, us or others, or to protect the safety and integrity of our Services, troubleshoot issues, and detect and prevent errors, or other potentially wrongful, harmful, or illegal activity. We may also share information to comply with, establish, assert, exercise, defend against, or enforce any legal claims, legal rights, legal obligations, legal process, government requests, our policies, internal investigations, or prudent security or business practices.
At Your Direction
. We may share information with other parties to whom you direct us to share it, or otherwise request that we share it with.
5. CONSENTS, ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS, AND CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
In addition to consenting to the Terms of Use, including this Privacy Statement, we want you to know and we request your particular consent to, a few activities relating to personal information that will help us to deal with personal information that is disclosed in furtherance of our operations and programs. If you do not consent to these activities, your choice is not to use our Services.  These activities are described immediately below.
Acknowledgement of Share and Disclose Personal Information, Including Data Transfers Internationally
. You acknowledge that the Services, including the Site and App, are provided from the United States, and that by using the Services, your personal information may be collected within the United States. We may share information as described in this Privacy Statement, including with our subsidiaries and affiliates, and with companies that provide support services to us (such as credit card processors, mailing houses, web hosts, technical support providers, fulfillment centers, or other services or for enforcing or investigating transactions or business operations). These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. You agree that we and our service providers and business partners who help us provide the Services and their features may collect, process and store personal information outside of the country where you reside (including processing and storage in the United States), which may not provide the same level of legal data protection as the country from which you access the Services. By using the Services, you acknowledge your use of our Services is subject to such processing by us outside of your country as described in this Privacy Statement.
Consent to Electronic Notice If There Is a Security Breach
. If we or any of our Outside Contractors or other business partners are required to provide notice of unauthorized access or other security incident, you agree that we (or they) may do so when required (or voluntarily) via reasonable electronic notice, such as by posting notice on our Site or sending notice to any email address we have for you, in our (or their) good faith discretion. You agree that notice to you will count as notice to others for whom you are acting, and agree to pass the notice on to them.
Notice and Acceptance of Monitoring
.  Please note we and our service providers and third-party partners may monitor any use of or activity on our Services, including on our Site and mobile app, and may capture and retain records reflecting your activity on our Services for our business purposes.  This may include records reflecting actions you take while using our Services (such as clicks on pages or links, items viewed, scrolling, time spent on pages, and other activities), records of parts or all of your sessions on our Services, information you submit on or via our Services, or communications or information sent through or using our Services.  Cookies, pixels, web beacons, and similar tracking technologies described in this Privacy Statement may also collect the foregoing information reflecting your use of and activity on our Services or may enable our third-party partners to collect such information.  This information may be collected, retained, captured, and/or monitored by us or by our service providers and third-party partners.  If you do not consent to the monitoring described here, you should not use our Services.
Opt Out of Emails
. If you supply ANI with your email address, you may receive periodic electronic mailings from us regarding news, products, services, or upcoming events. If you ever wish to stop receiving such emails, please follow the unsubscribe instructions contained at the bottom of such emails you receive from us. Please know that such a decision will not stop advertising or content that is generated prior to the time when we can accomplish the removal of your personally identifiable information.
Provision of Personal Information is Voluntary
. No person is required to provide us with the personal information we request. If you do not wish to provide your personal information, you are free not to do so. Your provision of requested personal information to us through our Services or other means is presumed by us to be voluntary and with your consent to the uses described herein. You may limit and control the information provided to us in a number of ways. However, you may not be able to use all features of our Sites if you limit the information you share with us.
We Can Rely on Other Consent you Give while using our Services
. When you use our Services via a web browser or on a mobile device, third parties may also obtain information, such as your mobile device manufacturer or carrier, mobile or data network systems or operators, other providers of other apps or code on your device, and anyone who has administrative privileges to devices you use. You may also be reminded by the app "store" (e.g., a third party platform you might use to obtain the App, such as Apple App Store or Google Play Store, etc.), by your browser, or by your device operating system, that certain information might be sought by us or others, or that certain privacy policies will apply to or Site, App, or other Services. You agree that we may rely upon any consents or agreements you provide to such stores, devices, their operating systems, or other third parties, that you give in connection with using our Services.  For example, if you tell your mobile device that it’s okay for our App to collect "location" or other personal information, we may rely on your consent as if you had given it directly to us.
Consent to RFID Collection; Revoking Consent
: By accepting Tickets from us, and/or by using your Tickets to enter ANI premises, you specifically agree that ANI and ANI’s Outside Contractors may collect RFID information from Tickets, including RFID information about the location of Tickets in and around ANI property to assist in the implementation, administration and management of the Tournaments, and for any other purpose described in this Privacy Statement.  You may refuse to consent to collection of RFID data from Tickets, including Ticket locations; however, doing so will result in your ineligibility to receive Tickets and/or ANI revoking your existing Ticket rights. If you refuse such consent in advance of the use of the Tickets, ANI will reimburse you for any monies paid for the revoked Tickets upon the return of the Tickets to ANI.
6. SECURITY
ANI takes efforts to safeguard your information, but this is not a promise that your information will never be disclosed except as provided herein. The nature of the Internet is such that information may be transmitted over networks without appropriate security measures and may be accessed, deleted, altered, used or disclosed by unauthorized persons. Additionally, users access our Website from computers and browsers, and access our Apps from mobile phones and other devices, and any security of data that resides on these devices will only be as secure as the device itself. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER INFORMATION IN ANY FORM. Information can sometimes be intercepted or accessed in violation of law, contract, or policy, and technologies do not always work as anticipated.
7. QUESTIONS, ACCESS, CONTACT INFORMATION, CHOICE, AND CORRECTION
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Statement, visit our
Feedback form
and submit questions or concerns at any time.  Simply select the “Other Website Issues” link from the drop down menu to submit your question or concern.   You can also call 706-667-6000, or send your questions or concerns in writing to:
Augusta National, Inc.
2604 Washington Rd.
Augusta, Georgia 30904
If you request, we will provide you with the opportunity to object to and correct any inaccurate information we maintain about you collected by the Site, subject to verification, as well as to require us to delete your personal information if you no longer want us to process it. Such requests may be made by contacting us in accordance with this section. Please note that if you have an account with us (via the Site, App, or otherwise), you can log into your account to update your information, or delete your account, at any time.
8. ADDITIONAL NOTICE FOR CONSUMERS OF CERTAIN U.S. STATES
If you are a resident of a state in which state-level comprehensive privacy law is enacted that applies to us, the following provisions apply to our processing of personal information relating to you.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect and Process
. We describe the personal information we collect and process in the above section titled “The Information We Collect.” California residents, please note the information we collect includes the following categories of personal information enumerated by California law, collected within the last 12 months:
Category
Examples
A. Identifiers.
Identifiers such as name, postal address, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
B. Information under the California Customer Records statute.
Personal information described in Cal. Civil Code § 1798.80(e) (California Customer Records statute), including, but not limited to the “Identifiers” listed in (A) above, telephone number, credit card number, debit card number, or other financial information.
C. Commercial information.
Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
D. Internet or other similar network activity.
Internet or other electronic network activity information as described in the sections above titled “Automatically Collected Information” and “Information Collected in Connection with Your Account,” including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
E. Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or federal law.
Demographic information, such as age.
F. Audio, electronic, or similar information.
If you contact our customer service line, you may leave a voicemail that can be stored in our systems.
G. Sensitive personal information.
Account log-in credentials, payment information described above, precise geolocation data described above may be considered sensitive personal information under California law.
H. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in (A)-(G) above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
For each of these categories, we obtain personal information directly from you, your device, (if you play our interactive games) from other players, from third-party data companies, and publicly available sources.  For more information, please see the “The Information We Collect” section of our Privacy Statement.
Disclosure of Personal Information
. Within the last 12 months, we have disclosed each category of your personal information identified in the above categories (A)-(H) for our business purposes as further described in “How We Use the Information We Collect About You” section of this Privacy Statement. To learn more about the categories of third parties with whom we share such information, please see the above section of this Privacy Statement titled “When and How We Share Information”.
We do not sell personal information. We also do not share personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” or “targeted advertising,” as such terms are defined by US state privacy laws.
Use of Personal Information
. We use each category of your personal information identified in the above categories (A)-(H) for the business purposes disclosed within this Privacy Statement; for more information, please see the section titled “How We Use the Information We Collect About You.” Note that the business purposes for which we may use your information include:
Audits and reporting relating to particular transactions and interactions, including online interactions, you may have with us or others on our behalf;
Helping to ensure security and integrity, including by detecting and protecting against security incidents, and malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting the same;
Debugging to identify and repair errors in our systems;
Short-term, transient use;
Providing services on our behalf as we described above in how we “Operate and Support Our Services”, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, fulfilling transactions, verifying identity information, processing payments, and providing advertising, marketing, analytics, or similar services;
Conducting internal research to develop and demonstrate technology; and
Conducting activity to verify, enhance, and maintain the quality or safety of services which we may own, control, or provide.
We may also use the information we collect for our own or our service providers’ other operational purposes, purposes for which we provide you additional notice, or for purposes compatible with the context in which personal information was collected.
Colorado residents, please note we do not engage in profiling for “decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects”, as such term is defined under Colorado law.
We retain personal information for the period(s) necessary to perform the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement, and for any additional periods permitted or required by applicable law.  Please note that this means that we may be required to retain personal information after the end of our direct relationship with you.
Your Privacy Rights
. Depending on where you reside, and subject to applicable law, you may have certain rights related to your personal information.
Right to Access/Right to Know
. You may request that we disclose to you (a) the categories of personal information we have collected about you and the types of sources from which we collected it; (b) the business or commercial purposes for which we collect, use or share personal information; (c) the types of third parties with whom we share personal information; and (d) the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Delete
. You have the right to request that we delete personal information about you which we have collected from you.
Right to Correct
. You have the right to correct any personal information we maintain about you that is inaccurate.
We do not process sensitive personal information in a way that requires us to provide a “Right to Limit” use or disclosure of sensitive information.
We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law. Subject to applicable law, we may not discriminate against you because of your exercise of any of the above rights.
You may request to exercise these rights by:
Logging into your account and changing your account profile information.
Calling us at 706-667-6000.
Writing to us at:
Augusta National, Inc.
2604 Washington Rd.
Augusta, Georgia 30904
Submitting a request via our online Feedback form available
here
. On the Form, under “Choose Subject,” select the option for “
Web & App Support
” and select the Subject Sub-Category that best matches your request.
Authorized Agent
. If permitted by applicable law, you may designate an authorized agent to request any of the above rights on your behalf. You may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission, signed by you, to act on your behalf.  Your agent may contact us as set forth in this Privacy Statement.  Even if you choose to use an agent, as permitted by law, we may require verification of the agent’s authorization to act on your behalf, require you to confirm you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf, or require you to verify your own identity.
Do Not Track
. As of the Effective Date listed above, there is no commonly accepted response for Do Not Track signals initiated by browsers. Therefore, we do not respond to Do Not Track signals.
Close Modal