Privacy Policy
Version 1.0.0 - Effective: October 1, 2015
Renkara values the privacy of your personal information. We’ve created this Privacy Policy to explain what information Renkara collects and how that information is used, disclosed, and stored. We welcome your questions and comments on this policy by email at
privacy@renkara.com
.
This Privacy Policy, together with the
Terms of Service
, govern your access to and use of Renkara’s AccelaStudy Cloud service (“Service”). Please read the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service carefully, and contact us if you have any questions. By accessing or using our Service, you agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is that which can be used to identify or contact an individual.
In general, Renkara products do not collect any personal information. However, when you create an AccelaStudy Cloud account, we may collect your name and email address.
Your email address is used:
To create and support your AccelaStudy Cloud account.
To communicate with you.
To send you marketing emails, unless you opt-out.
To verify your email address to help prevent fraud and abuse.
To personalize the user experience within the application.
Your name is used:
To personalize the user experience within the application.
To personalize content delivered by email, unless you opt-out.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
When you use our products and, specifically, the AccelaStudy Cloud, certain information is created and recorded automatically. This information, on its own, cannot be used to identify or contact any specific user. Renkara may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purposes.
What non-personal information we collect
We may collect and store information such as your unique device identifier, device type, operating system, device settings, language, and locale. Whether we collect some or all of this information depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings.
The AccelaStudy Cloud collects and stores your study sets, the terms contained in those study sets, and progress made while studying.
We may collect and store information about how you use our products and services, including the time and duration of study sessions and other statistical information related to user performance and progress made in study sessions.
All non-personal information may be used to improve our products, services, and advertising we may use to promote our products and services.
When non-personal information is combined with personal information, the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Renkara may make personal information available to strategic partners that work with Renkara to provide or improve our products and services and to communicate with you. Personal information will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
Renkara may disclose your personal information if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Renkara; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
In the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding, Renkara may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party.
We may use or store information wherever Renkara does business, including countries outside your own.
Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. Only parents or guardians are allowed to create AccelaStudy Cloud accounts for their children.
Renkara does not collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without a parent or guardian’s consent.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
privacy@renkara.com
.
Parental Rights
Parents and legal guardians of children under 13 who use our products have certain rights under the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), and Renkara recognizes those rights. Parents/guardians can consent to collection and use of a child’s personally identifiable information (PII) without consenting to the disclosure of information to third parties.
Parents/guardians can review information their children under 13 have contributed by accessing their child’s account via password reset. Parents can also request that their child’s information be deleted and refuse to allow further collection of information from their child by contacting Customer Support at
support@renkara.com
. We may ask additional questions or take other steps to verify the identity of parents/guardians before responding to a request to review or delete their child’s information, or a request to refuse further collection from children.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
As our products evolve, we may update this policy to account for changes to those products. Any revisions to this policy, along with their effective date, will be posted on our website. If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or get your consent as required by law. We encourage you to periodically check back to stay informed of any changes.