TripCase Privacy Statement
Effective
Date: April 15, 2020
TripCase
(the “Service”) is a trip-related information and messaging service, available
from Sabre GLBL Inc. (the “Company”), either online through our website at
www.tripcase.com or via our mobile application. TripCase provides users with
the ability to integrate all their trip-related information into one location,
share information regarding their trips, and receive valuable informational
updates and deals related to their trips.
Introduction
We
respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. Please take a moment
to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices. By continuing to access or
use the Service, you agree to our privacy practices as set out in this privacy
statement.
This
statement describes the information that the Service collects and how that
information may be used by us. This statement
does not
apply to
information we collect through any means other than the Service, actions that
you may take as a user to share your information or to information collected on
any other Company or third-party site that may link to or be accessible from
the Service. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those
third parties through which you share your information, or which are accessible
from the Service.
Our
servers and data centers for the Service are located in the U.S. We may also
subcontract processing to or share your personal information with third parties
located in countries other than your home country. If you are accessing the
Service from outside the U.S., you agree that your personal information may be
transferred to the U.S. or another country, which may have different privacy
and data security protections than those of your own jurisdiction, to be
processed and stored. We may transfer your data to countries or organizations
that have not been found by the European Commission to provide adequate
protection, including the United States. For any such transfers initiated by
Company, Company takes necessary measures to ensure that your personal
information is subject to the required adequate level of protection (including,
for example, through use of standard contractual clauses approved by the
European Commission). You expressly consent to your personal information being
used as set out in this paragraph.
This
privacy statement
does not
apply to any travel supplier, such as an
airline, car rental company or hotel.  This privacy statement
does not
apply to any individual traveler’s employer or travel agency that obtains any
related services from TripCase. We recommend that you review the privacy
policies of your travel agency and of relevant travel suppliers.
This
privacy statement
does not
apply to information which does not permit
identification of an individual. You may choose not to provide certain
information to us but doing so may restrict your ability to use our Services.
Information We Collect and How We Use and Share It
For
the 12-month period prior to the date of this privacy statement, we explain
here what categories of personal information we have collected, where we got it
from, what we do with it, and with whom we have shared it:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Source
Purpose for Collection
Categories of Recipients
Contact information:
such as your
  first and last name, address (including street name and name of a city or
  town), email address, telephone number, and other identifiers that permit
  physical or online contact.
Provided
  by you when you register for or use the Service (including social media or
  interactive features of the Service), including to transact with us, or
  subscribe to content we offer.
(i)
  To provide and improve the Service and its contents for you and others; (ii)
  To provide you with information, products or services that you request or
  otherwise elect to receive from us or from one of our strategic partners;
  (iii) To notify you about changes to the Service or important information
  regarding the Company; (iv) To allow you to utilize the trip integration, sharing,
  and messaging features of the Service, if and when you choose to do so; and
  (v) To provide you with e-mail or other messaging regarding additional
  products or services you may be interested in, either from us or from one of
  our strategic partners, including promotional e-mails or messages.
Where
  permitted by you or applicable law, we may disclose information to: (i)
  Various affiliates and subsidiaries of the Company that support the Service
  or provide Service improvement; (ii) Third party service providers who
  provide services such as information processing, managing and enhancing
  customer data, customer service, assessing your interest in our products and
  services, and conducting customer research or satisfaction surveys; (iii)
  Third party service providers we partner with to provide you offers of
  additional products or services based upon your trip-related information; and
  (iv) Your employer or travel agency, or others who arrange travel on your
  behalf.
Device information:
Automatically
  collected information from your devices in connection with your online
  activity (including, in some cases, specific location information or
  information that enables us to identify you across devices).  Examples of
  such data are detailed further below.
Through
  the Service, electronic communications, online advertisements and your
  interactions with the Service, including through the use of cookies and other
  tracking technologies explained further below.
To
  evaluate usage of the Service and improve the Service as explained further
  below.
We
  may disclose this information to our third-party service providers, agencies
  and partners.
Mobile Data:
such as
  geolocation data
.
From
  your mobile device.
To
  provide location-based products and services to mobile application users of
  the Service and in order to allow you to add information regarding your trip
  (e.g., a particular venue) to your TripCase itinerary for future reference by
  you or for viewing by those TripCase users that are following that particular
  trip, including your employer and travel agency should you designate your
  trip as business-related.
Your
  employer or travel agency, or others who arrange travel on your behalf, with
  regard to those trips or portions of trips designated as business travel by
  you and as such, shared with your employer or travel agency via TripCase.
Communications:
communications
  we have with you, including the nature of your question or problem and any
  other information you provide.  Please note that we record calls to our
  customer service team.
From
  you
To
  handle your requests, to contact you when necessary or requested, including
  responding to your questions and comments and providing customer support, and
  to obtain customer feedback and improve our Service.
We
  may disclose this information to our third party service providers who assist
  us with customer service.
In
addition to the sharing of your personal information as described above, we
also may disclose personal information we collect as follows:
·
To
comply with law (including cooperation with regulators or officials), legal
process or legal advice;
·
In
the event of merger, acquisition, or any form of corporate reorganization or
sale of some or all of the Company’s assets, to whom we may transfer
information, including personal information.
·
To
enforce or apply our terms of use and any other agreements;
·
To
protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or
others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and
organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
or
·
If
you expressly opt in to such sharing.
User Sharing via TripCase
TripCase
allows you, as a user, to take actions to share information regarding your trip
with other TripCase users, your mobile phone contacts, or via various social
networking sites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram). The sharing process
enables you to share a particular item of content, on an individual basis, to
these third-party services or other TripCase users by using the share
functionality in the Service. Please note that sharing of such content on a
third-party service may be posted as activity on the Service, regardless of
your account settings. To share an individual item of content to a third-party
service, you’ll be prompted to enter your access credentials for that third-party
service. TripCase may store your name, e-mail address, and an access token or
similar credentials obtained from the third-party service so that you are able
to share particular items of content on that third-party service, on an
individual basis, without entering your access credentials again.
When
you choose to allow others to follow your trip by allowing access to your
contacts via your mobile phone, those chosen will be notified of your trip via
e-mail and given the chance to set up their own TripCase account, if they do
not already have one of their own. Once they have set up their account, your
trip will show up in that user’s “Following” section on TripCase. Anyone who is
following your trip will be able to see any changes to your itinerary (such as
if your flight is delayed, etc.). If you choose to always share with another
TripCase user, they will be notified of every trip and its details until you
remove them from that feature.
If
you connect to the Service using credentials of a third-party Social Networking
Site (“SNS”) such as Facebook or Twitter, you authorize us to collect your
authentication information, such as your name, e-mail address, and encrypted
access credentials. We may store this information so that it can be used for
the purposes explained in this statement, and it may also be used to verify
your credentials with the SNS. The information available to TripCase from an
SNS is affected by the privacy settings you establish at the SNS. You
understand and agree that an SNS’s use of information they collect from you is
governed by their privacy policies, and TripCase’s use of such information is
governed by this privacy statement.
If
you connect to any third-party site other than an SNS using the credentials of
your TripCase account for data sharing with that third party, you authorize the
collection of your authentication information, such as your name, e-mail
address, and encrypted access credentials, as well as any other personal
information that third party site may choose to access. You do so at your own
risk and understand and agree that the third party’s collection of such
information is governed by their privacy policies, and TripCase’s use of such
information is governed by this privacy statement.
Cookies and Other Technologies for Use of the Services
The
TripCase website, mobile application, email messages, and advertisements may
use cookies and other similar technologies, such as pixel tags and web beacons.
These technologies permit us and others to monitor online behavior and collect
data about the viewing of that page. Other versions of these technologies may
also collect information regarding your internet protocol address and type of
browser, the type of operating system you are using, the domain name of your
Internet service provider, the web pages you have visited, location
information, and the type of mobile device and provider used to utilize the
Service, as well as the advertisements and tools you may have accessed via
TripCase. Access to the information available through these technologies may
also be provided to our third party providers, agencies and partners through
these technologies, and has been provided to these third party providers within
the preceding 12 months for business purposes. These technologies help us to
improve and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us
to:
·
Estimate
our audience size and usage patterns;
·
Store
information about your preferences, allowing us to customize the Service
according to your individual interests;
·
Speed
up your searches; and
·
Recognize
you when you return to the Service’s online website.
You
may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate settings on your
browser. Check your browser help documentation to find out how to disable
cookies. For further details about how we utilize cookies and how to deactivate
cookies, please see our
Cookies
Page
.
Please note that certain features of the Service will not be available once
cookies are disabled. We and others may collect personal information about your
online activities over time and across different Web sites. We currently do not
respond to “do not track” browser headers with respect to the Service.
Besides
Cookies, we may use other technologies, such as web logs, scripts, or other
applications that recognize your computer and gather information, such as your
internet protocol address and type of browser, the type of operating system you
are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, the TripCase web
pages you have visited, and the type of mobile device and provider used to
utilize the Service. We may use this information to manage our websites and
online services, including to provide you appropriate and better service. We
and others may collect personal information about your online activities over
time and across different Web sites.
Online Behavioral Advertising
We,
our third-party service providers, agencies, and partners may also use cookies,
pixels, web beacons and other technologies to collect various types of
information for purpose of online behavioral advertising. A representative list
of the types of information collected may include the following: trip start and
end dates, airline departure and return dates, booking date, origin and
destination, class of airline service, hotel check-in and check-out dates,
hotel name, hotel city, hotel country, car rental company and dates, and
similar information.
You
may be able to remove yourself from the targeted advertising of companies
within the Network Advertising Initiative by opting out
here
, or of companies
participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance program by opting out
here
. Note that you will
still receive advertising even after opting-out but such advertising may be
less targeted to your interests and preferences.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You
may access, correct or delete your contact information and preferences through
your TripCase account. For other personal information, when TripCase is the
controller of the data and receives it directly from you, rather than from your
employer or another company, we make good faith efforts to provide you with
access so you can request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or
delete the data if the Company is not required to retain it by law or for
legitimate business purposes. If you receive TripCase services through your
employer or from another company, you will need to contact the company which is
the controller of your data with such a request. In such a case, TripCase would
be the processor of the data on behalf of that company, who is the controller,
and TripCase would follow the instructions of the controller. We may decline to
process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate
technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are impractical, or for
which access is not otherwise required by local law.
Data Security
We
have implemented reasonable measures designed to secure your personal
information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration
and disclosure.
The
safety and security of your information also depends on you. Any content,
including personal information, that you contribute to be shared, published or
displayed on the Service, or transmitted to other users of the Service, either
via the Service or via social networking or other third party sites available
through the Service, is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or
used by them. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public
areas of the Service. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal,
copies of your content, including personal information, that you contribute to
be shared, published or displayed on the Service, or transmitted to other users
of the Service, may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have
been copied or stored by other users. Although we take efforts to protect your
personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal
information transmitted to the Service. Any transmission of personal
information is at your own risk.
Children’s Privacy
The
Service is not intended for children under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly
collect personal information from children under age 16 without verifiable
parental consent. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal
information from a child under age 16 without verification of parental consent,
we will take steps to delete that personal information as soon as possible and
to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect
the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become
aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from
children under 16, please email us at TripCasePrivacy@sabre.com
Minors
under 18 years of age may have the personal information that they provide to us
deleted by sending an email to
TripCasePrivacy@sabre.com
requesting deletion. 
Please note that, while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such
requests, deletion of your personal information does not ensure complete and
comprehensive removal of that data from all systems.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
It
is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy practices on this
page. The date the privacy statement was last revised is identified at the top
of the privacy statement.
Contact Information
Please
direct any questions or comments about this privacy statement and our privacy
practices to us at:
·
TripCasePrivacy@sabre.com;
or
·
Sabre
GLBL Inc., 3150 Sabre Drive, Southlake, Texas 76092 Attn: Privacy Office.
Your California Privacy Rights
This
section applies solely to visitors or user of the Service who reside in the
State of California (“consumers” or “you”).
California
law permits our customers to request certain information regarding our
disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing
purposes. To make such a request, California residents should send an e-mail to
TripCasePrivacy@sabre.com or write us at: Sabre GLBL Inc., 3150 Sabre Drive,
Southlake, Texas 76092 Attn: Privacy Office.
In
addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides consumers
(California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal
information:
Right
to Know
You
have the right to request certain information about our collection, use, sale
or disclosure of personal information about you over the past 12 months. You
may do so by contacting us at TripCasePrivacy@sabre.com.
Once
we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to
you:
·
The
categories of personal information we collected about you.
·
For
each category of personal information collected, the categories of sources of
personal information we collected about you.
·
For
each category of personal information collected, our business and/or commercial
purpose(s) for which the information was collected, and the categories of third
parties with whom we shared your personal information.
·
Whether
we have disclosed or sold personal information about you to third parties in
the last 12 months for a business or commercial purpose, and, if so, we will
also disclose the categories of recipients.
·
The
specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
This
disclosure will not cover any personal information obtained from or reflecting
business-to-business transactions. You may only make such a request twice
within a twelve-month period.
Right
to delete
You
have the right to request that we delete any personal information we collected
about you and retained subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and
confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete, and direct our
service providers to delete your personal information from our records, unless
an exception permitted by CCPA applies. You may submit a request to delete
information about you by contacting us at TripCasePrivacy@sabre.com.
We
do not delete information obtained from or reflecting business-to-business
transactions.
Consumer
requests
To
exercise your right to know or your right to delete, you must submit a
verifiable consumer request, as specified above. Only you, or someone legally
authorized by you to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request
related to your personal information. You may also submit a request on behalf
of your minor child.
For
your protection, and to allow us to verify you are indeed the person about whom
we collected personal information, your verifiable consumer request must
provide sufficient information, which may include: first and last name, email
address and one or more of the following: any recent PNR record locator,
booking confirmation, reservation number, or other data maintained by us that
helps us verify your identity.. You must also describe your request in enough
detail to allow us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to it.
You
do not need to create an account with us to submit a consumer request. .
Consistent
with CCPA, if you choose to exercise any of these rights, it will have no
adverse effect on the price and quality of the Service.
We
do not and will not sell your personal information
While
we do not “sell” your personal information within the meaning of CCPA, we do
allow third parties to collect personal information through our Service and
share personal information with service providers for the business purposes
described in this Privacy Notice.
If
you would like to access this Privacy Notice in an alternative format, please
contact our Privacy Team at
TripCasePrivacy@sabre.com
.
EU-Specific Notice
These
terms apply to personal information collected by Company through the Services
if you are an EU resident. Where Company collects information directly from you
through its Services, such personal information is controlled by Sabre GLBL,
Inc., which is headquartered in the United States at 3150 Sabre Drive,
Southlake, Texas 76092.
The
legal basis for processing of your data includes the purposes set forth above
in this privacy statement. In some cases, we may additionally process your
information based on your consent.
Your
personal information will not be stored for longer than necessary for the
purposes for which they were collected, or in accordance with applicable law.
Subject
to applicable law, you have (i) the right to access and request personal
information controlled by Company, (ii) the right to request the transmission
of the personal information you have provided to us to you or another company,
(iii) the right to object to uses or disclosures of your personal information,
(iv) the right to withdraw your consent in relation to our processing of your
personal information based on your consent (however, such withdrawal of consent
will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before such
withdrawal), (v) the right to request deletion of your personal information and
(vi) the right to request that we restrict processing of your personal
information.
You
may exercise these rights free of charge unless the request is unfounded,
excessive, or otherwise unreasonable, for instance, because it is repetitive.
In some situations, we may refuse to act or may impose limitations on your
rights, as permitted by law. Before Company is able to provide you with any
information or correct any inaccuracies, we may ask you to verify your identity
and/or provide other details to help us respond to your request. For the
exercise of your rights, please contact Company’s Representative and/or Data
Protection Officer at the location of your choice, below.
If
you are dissatisfied, we ask that you contact us first to see if we can resolve
the issue.  However, if you are an individual in in Europe or certain other
jurisdictions, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with an appropriate
supervisory authority. The Company has identified the Information
Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) in the UK as its lead supervisory authority with
respect to TripCase. The ICO may be contacted at: https://ico.org.uk/.
Company’s
Data Protection Officer can be contacted at:
·
TripCasePrivacy@sabre.com;
or
·
Sabre
GLBL Inc., 3150 Sabre Drive, Southlake, Texas 76092 Attn: Privacy Office.
Company’s
Representative under the GDPR is Sabre Global Technologies Limited, and can be
contacted at:
·
TripCasePrivacy@sabre.com