Help
Join
Log in
Menu -
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Excluded Countries
Excluded Numbers
Invite Bonus
Signup voucher codes
Cookie Policy
Back
Privacy Policy
We - Rebtel Networks AB, with address Jakobsbergsgatan 16, 111 44 Stockholm, Sweden and our affiliates - are committed to protecting your personal data and respecting your privacy. In this Privacy Policy we describe how we collect and process your personal data. The Privacy Policy also describes your rights towards us and how to exercise them.
Please contact us at
support@rebtel.com
should you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or in general regarding your personal data.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS RELEVANT FOR ANYONE VISITING OUR WEBSITES, APP, USING OUR SERVICES, PRODUCTS OR OTHERWISE INTERACTING WITH US. IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND OUR PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING OUR SERVICES AND PRODUCTS.
1. What information about you is collected, how will we use it and how is it legal for us to do so?
We collect personal data in a variety of ways, such as when you visit any of our websites, download our app, interact with electronic advertisement, use the services in the app or on our websites, make a purchase, contact us and use our customer portal.
Categories of personal data we may collect and process:
Registration and account information:
e.g. your phone number, name, email, profile picture, address and, password, time zone, language, currency, EU VAT number.
Device and connection information:
We collect device and connection-specific information when you install, access, or use our services. This includes information like hardware model, operating system information, app version, browser information, and mobile network, connection information including phone number, mobile/phone operator or internet service provider, language and time zone, and IP, device operations information, and identifiers like device identifiers. When you install the Rebtel app, you’ll also be asked to allow us access to your mobile device’s address book. A copy of the phone numbers, names and, if applicable, account identifiers for Nauta services, of all your contacts (whether they are a Rebtel customer or not – but only name, phone number and Nauta account identifier) will be collected in order for us to provide functionality and administer our services.
Activity and usage information:
e.g. information about your use of our services and the services of our Partners (as defined in the Rebtel Terms of Service) and other activities in relation to Rebtel and/or our Partners, such as information about when you registered to use the services, how you use our services, items you purchase, transaction amounts, the features you use, your services settings, the time, frequency, and duration of your activities and interactions (e.g. the phone numbers and/or other identification details of the originating and receiving party, the start time, call duration, messages, mobile money top-ups, money transfers, delivery notices), log files, and diagnostic, crash, website, and performance logs and reports.
Location Information:
We collect device location information if you use our location features.
Customer support and social media:
If you use our Customer Support service, interacts with us on our social media channels or in any other way, we may keep a record of that interaction, including the correspondence such as copies of emails and your email address.
Behavioural and tracking details:
e.g. location data, behavioural patterns, personal preferences, IP-number, cookie identifiers, unique identifier of devices you use to access and use the services and our websites.
Payment information:
We collect billing details, name, address, email address, bank details, card information and other financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment. However we will only store name, address, email and issuing bank (i.e. Rebtel do not store full payment card details).
The data that collected is used for the purposes set out below. In short, we process the data to provide, perform and improve our services. The legal ground for the processing is stated below.
How do we use it? (purpose of processing)
Legal basis for the processing
To confirm your identity and verify your personal and contact details, provide and market our services, to fulfil relevant agreements with you and to otherwise administer our business relationship with you.
Fulfil our contractual obligations towards you, to comply with applicable laws and to pursue the legitimate interests of Rebtel
To conduct payment for services.
Fulfil our contractual obligations towards you, to comply with applicable laws and to pursue the legitimate interests of Rebtel
Marketing, product and customer analysis to improve our services and to optimize our offer to customers.
Fulfil our contractual obligations towards you and to pursue the legitimate interests of Rebtel
Product and customer analysis for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes.
Fulfil our contractual obligations towards you and to pursue the legitimate interests of Rebtel
To carry out risk analysis, fraud detection and risk management, to prevent misuse of the services to keep the services safe and secure.
Pursue the legitimate interests of Rebtel
To improve our services and for general business development purposes, such as developing new products and features and explore new business opportunities.
Pursue the legitimate interests of Rebtel
To comply with applicable laws and regulations (for example bookkeeping, lawful intercept).
Comply with applicable laws and to pursue the legitimate interests of Rebtel
To communicate with you in relation to our services and to provide customer support.
Fulfil our contractual obligations towards you and to pursue the legitimate interests of Rebtel
To establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
Fulfil our contractual obligations towards you, to comply with applicable laws and to pursue the legitimate interests of Rebtel
2. Security measures for personal data
We process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and regulations. To protect your personal data from unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, loss, alteration or destruction we have implemented appropriate legal, technical and organizational security measures. The implemented security measures are created to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks that are associated with our data processing activities. Should you have any questions related to our security measures please contact
support@rebtel.com
.
3. Sharing Information
We work with carefully selected third-party service providers and Partners  to operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market the services. For example, we work with companies to distribute our apps, provide infrastructure, delivery, supply location, prevent fraud or other criminal behavior, storing data, process payments, help us understand how our services are used, market our services and customer support. In connection herewith, we may share personal data with these service providers and Partners and, in some cases, also receive personal data from them.
In addition, we may also share your personal data in the following situations: upon request we may provide authorities (for example the police and the tax authority) with personal data if we have a legal obligation to do so; in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and/or any other agreement with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others; and finally in case of a sale of the assets of Rebtel or a group company or corporate restructuring or as a result of a change of control of Rebtel or a group company.
When sharing your data we are dedicated to make sure that the relevant third party shall have appropriate legal, technical and organizational measures to protect and safeguard the personal data in accordance with applicable data protection legislation, relevant supervisory authorities’ applicable regulations and guidelines regarding security of personal data and what is otherwise appropriate.
We
promise
to never sell your personal data to a third party unless we have your explicit permission to do so.
Transfer of data to third countries
In some cases, Rebtel may transfer your personal data outside the EU / EEA, mainly in cases where we use service providers and/or Partners that process personal data outside the EU / EEA. This will only be done after adequate protection measures have been taken to ensure an adequate level of data protection, e.g. by including the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data and, where necessary, by implementation of supplementary safeguarding measures.
4. Communications and notifications
Rebtel may use your personal data to communication with you. The communication may include messages about updates, faults, alerts and other types of issues relating to technical aspects and/or the usability of the app and other parts of the services. Such communication is considered part of the service.
Occasionally we may ask you to provide information on your experiences of using the app or other parts of the services which will be used to improve the quality and provision of the services. You are under no obligations to provide any such information. Such information is used for the purposes of reviewing improving our services.
Rebtel may from time to time contact you by email, phone, SMS or through any other appropriate information channel to keep you up to date with news about Rebtel and the services, including new products, campaigns, promotions and payment methods.
If you don’t want to receive promotional messages from Rebtel you can unsubscribe by following the instructions in the promotional message you have received or by contacting our customer support at
support@rebtel.com
.
Promotional SMS messages to US Customers
We may occasionally send promotional SMS to customers residing in the USA. To cancel these messages text STOP to the number you received the SMS from. If you want to join again, just let us know by sending an email to
support@rebtel.com
and we will start sending promotional SMS to you again. As always message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from Rebtel and from you to Rebtel.
5. Third Party Sites
Our Site or app may contain links to websites of third parties. Please note that such linked websites are not under our control. If you want to learn more about how such third party treats personal data you are referred to any such third party’s own privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy applies solely to personal data that we receive or collect from you through our Site, our app, your use of our services and/or your relationship with Rebtel.
6. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We are constantly innovating and looking for new ways to improve our services. We therefore reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time, with or without notice, to reflect such improvements or any other changes to our business or in order to comply with applicable data protection legislation.
Our Privacy Policy is always available on our website (under Legal Information) and also in our app (under Support) so that users, at all times, can be aware of what personal data we collect, how and for what purpose the data is processed and under what circumstances such information may be shared. You are advised to review the Privacy Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. If you do not agree with the terms of the Policy, you should not use our services.
7. Data retention
Your personal data is stored only as long as is necessary in order to fulfil the purposes for which your personal data was collected, however the personal data may be retained for a longer period if it is required by law (for example to fulfill book keeping requirements or requirements to keep records of phone calls for lawful intercept) or it is reasonably necessary to safeguard our legal interests.
8. Your rights in respect of your personal data
Under applicable data protection legislation you have the following rights in relation to personal data.
Right to access
– You have the right to obtain information from Rebtel about any personal data being  processed about you and access to such data, if any.
Right to rectification
– You have the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data about yourself.
Right to erasure ("the right to be forgotten")
– You have the right to obtain the erasure of data about you if the data is no longer necessary for the purpose it was collected for. There might be legal obligations for Rebtel to keep the data anyway, that stops Rebtel from immediately erasing the data. In that case we can block the data we are required to keep, from being used for other purposes than the fulfilment of the legal requirements or anonymize the data.
If you would like to exercise the rights to your personal data or should you have any other questions in connection with this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@rebtel.com
.
Version: December 2021
Print or download
Help
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings