Products
Services
Team and Partners
Deutsch
Garzotto GmbH
General Policy
Thanks for using one or more of our apps. This privacy policy applies to those apps and related Web pages unless
                           there is a more specific policy included within the app or the place from where you download the app.
For all apps this privacy policy applies to, there are the following general rules we respect:
Our apps don't collect any data that is not needed by the app for doing what it is meant for.
Our apps do not send any information to any server, unless that information is required by the server to fulfill its purpose.
We do not pass on any information that our apps or servers gather, unless this is fully transparent to the user.
Location Services
Some of our apps are able to track the user's location. In these apps, it is either completely obvious
                            why the user location is needed (such as showing the current position on a map) or the app explicitly
                            explains the user why it is needed and requests explicit permission.
Location data is solely used within the app and never leaves it, unless the user explicitly shares
                                a location or a track with somebody else, or the user is asked explicitly for each sharing event
                                (such as sharing the location where a tick did bite anonymously with a server that collects statistical data).
Personal Information
Our apps never ask for personal information such as name or age, unless it is required for the specific
                                purpose of the app. Such information never leaves the app, unless the user explicitly shares it
                                by using sharing functions (Mastodon, Facebook, SMS, etc.), or
                                the user is asked explicitly for each sharing event.
Photos, Audio, And Movies
Some of our apps are able to take pictures, to record audio, or to record a movie. In all these cases,
                               it is either obvious why this is done and/or the user is asked for permission explicitly.
                                Such recorded data never leaves the app, unless the user explicitly shares it
                                by using sharing functions (Mastodon, Facebook, SMS, etc.), or
                                the user is asked explicitly for each sharing event.
Access to user data
Some of our apps may require access to user data such as contacts or the photo library.
                              In all these cases,
                              it is either obvious why this is done and/or the user is asked for permission explicitly.
                              User data never leaves the app, unless the user explicitly shares it
                              by using sharing functions (Mastodon, Facebook, SMS, etc.), or
                              the user is asked explicitly for each sharing event.
Responsible for privacy policy at Garzotto GmbH
Dr. Andreas Garzotto
Bättmur 13, 8404 Winterthur, Schweiz
You can find us here:
Garzotto GmbH
Rudolf Diesel-Strasse 5
8404
Winterthur
Switzerland
Contact:
We
do not answer support requests
for our apps. Please use the corresponding function in the apps.
+41 52 222 12 76
info@garzotto.com
www.garzotto.com
Address:
Garzotto GmbH
Bättmur 13
8404
Winterthur
Schweiz
Google Maps
© 2025, Garzotto GmbH
General Terms and Conditions (PDF, German)
Privacy policy