404
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://en.as.com/privacy/:
Introduction and definitions
Compliance with the regulations in force
Controller of the processing
Purpose of processing User’s personal data
Categories of data gathered through AS Services
Data shared with third parties
Minors
Newsworthy individuals
Retention period
Lawfulness of the processing
Data subject rights
Introduction and definitions
This Privacy Policy is applicable to any user enjoying the Services of AS granted by its WebSite
For the correct understanding of this Privacy Policy and the Conditions of AS Services, the following
definitions
are provided:
The User
shall be a natural or legal person accessing and/or using any of the AS Services by any means without having to register.
The Prisa Group (Grupo Prisa)
is the business group headed by the Spanish company PROMOTORA DE INFORMACIONES, S.A., with its registered office at 32 Gran Vía, Madrid, and Tax ID No. A-28297059
AS Services
comprises services, products and promotional activities, whether free of charge or paid, consisting of the access to the various information, commercial or non-commercial contents, marketing communications, editorials and corporate communications, programs, applications, shops, websites, video on demand or similar items made available by AS for Users within the Internet (hereinafter, “AS Services”).
By browsing on this WebSite you expressly understand and accept this Privacy Policy as a User of any of the media or AS Services
The
Privacy Policy of AS Services
applies to:
Browsing as a User on any web pages of Diario AS or mobile applications of Diario AS.
Access as a User to any of the contents through any other mediums or Diario AS Services.
Browsing via any device allowing access to the contents or to AS Services, such as computers, digital TVs, Smart TVs, PDAs, Tablets, iPads, iPhones, cell phones, Smartphones, subscriptions via Social Media or any other means of access to the contents made available on the Internet.
Browsing and enjoyment of AS Services from any country in the world, whether they are Services located in the country of access or in another country.
This
Privacy Policy of AS Services
shall not apply to those services where prior registration is mandatory. Said services may entail additional data collection from Users. This additional processing shall be regulated in specific Privacy Policies and Use Conditions.
Compliance with the regulations in force
The organizations responsible for the WebSite, being located in Spain, are subject to compliance with Spanish and European regulations in the field of Data Protection and Information Society Services.
Therefore, the User is guaranteed at all times the complete and full compliance with the obligations provided by the Data Protection and Information Society Services regulations, as well as by any other laws supplementing or replacing the foregoing.
Controller of the processing
Personal data gathered via AS Services shall be processed by:
PRISA MEDIA, S.A.U. with registered office at 32 Gran Vía, 28013, Madrid, with Tax ID No. A88096458 and entered at the Mercantile Register of Madrid in volume 37,338, folio 200, section 8, sheet M-665815, 1st entry, as a company that is part of Prisa Group, as marketer of AS Services advertising spaces. Both companies, as part of Prisa Group, has voluntarily designated a Data Protection Officer through whom the User may forward claims, complaints and suggestions in relation to the processing of their personal data, as well as exercising their rights. To this end, the User may use the following email address:
dpo@prisa.com
.
Purpose of processing User’s personal data
The data provided by Users of AS Services will be processed for the following purposes:
Granting the User access to Diario AS contents.
Handling the incidents and maintenance of AS Services.
Providing a personalized service to the User, adapting said services to their personal and geographical profile, as well as to their preferences.
Defining user types, segments and profiles, as well as providing, handling, administrating, extending and improving the Services and/or contents provided in AS Services, by analysing the use of the Services by the Users.
Showing editorial or commercial information specifically defined for the profile inferred from the use of AS Services by the User, both related to own services and third-party services, belonging to any sector, with which Diario AS may reach agreements. Said profile may also be inferred according to the browsing information within other PRISA MEDIA WebSites and geographic location of the device or terminal from which AS Services are used.
Designing new services that may be of Users’ interest.
Controllers of the processing will use the data that is strictly necessary to fulfill the purposes described above.
Some of the purposes listed will require your prior consent. This consent will be specifically requested from you prior to the fulfillment of the purposes.
Categories of data gathered through AS Services
Controllers of the processing shall only process User’s data gathered or generated via their use of
AS Services
.
Estos datos estarán vinculados principalmente a la dirección IP desde la que accede a los Servicios AS o a un código de usuario asignado de forma unilateral por
Diario AS
. Estos datos podrán ser considerados como datos personales en la medida en que permitan identificarle o hacerle identificable.
For
AS Services
provision, controllers of the WebSite shall process IP address from which they access AS Services. Furthermore, one user code shall be allocated unilaterally by Diario AS for each device or browser accessing the WebSite. These data may be considered personal data insofar as they allow the User to be identified or render them identifiable.
In this way, both controllers shall link the following information to said data:
Use and browsing data. For statistical and advertising purposes, to control the use of our web pages, to control access to services by third parties via AS Services and to improve knowledge on the User's interests, use and browsing data will be gathered in relation to which Service is used by the User, how and when they use it, what type of User they are, or whether they access an advertisement shown on any of the AS Services.
•    User interests and profile derived from browsing or use of AS Services, as well as information on the access device, the equipment model, the operating system version, sole device or connection identifiers, data on the mobile network, as well as errors, system activity, hardware adjustments, browser type, browser language, data and time when connection is requested, reference URL, cookies and other data storage and retrieval devices in terminal equipment (as explained in the
COOKIES POLICY
), allowing the identification and the User's browser and device, as well as making analytical studies showing personalized information according to the result of said studies, both in own and other services.
AS Services also use technologies to identify and monitor Users, for instance tiny, transparent images inserted in web pages and applications. When the User accesses any of these contents, the images are downloaded into their device and make it known that the User has accessed AS Services, identifying them if they access again. This information is used to compile statistics, make analytical studies on the use of services by the Users, and to show personalized editorial or commercial information according to the result of said studies, both in own and other services.
AS Services may also provide links to third-party services marked with a code so that said third parties may detect that User has come from AS Services.
Information on the territory from which the connection to AS Services originated, in order to personalize said services and, as the case may be, verify the availability of the right to display certain audiovisual contents.
Data shared with third parties
Controllers shall not transfer Users' personal data to any third parties without a lawful basis authorising said processing.
In order to measure the use of the Services, AS utilizes external suppliers who use Cookies to carry out analytical studies on the use of AS Services. The User may check the
COOKIES POLICY
at any time.
Minors
Minors below the age of 14 shall not use AS Services without the consent of their parents or guardians.
If controllers detect Users who might be less than 14 years old, they reserve the right to ask them for a copy of their Spanish ID Card or an equivalent document or, as the case may be, the authorisation of their parents or guardians.
Newsworthy individuals
The news included on this WebSite may contain personal data of newsworthy individuals because of their public relevance, their public renown or because of circumstances arising from facts of public interest in which they are involved.
Via this section, we inform newsworthy individuals on the processing of their data pursuant to the provisions in the regulations in force, which establishes that when it is impossible or would require a disproportionate effort to inform the parties concerned of the processing of their data, adequate steps are to be taken to protect their rights, freedoms and legitimate interests, even by disclosing the information, which is met via this Privacy Policy.
Personal data shall be obtained via research and journalistic resources available to this medium, consisting of the relevant data to draw up said news items.
The lawful basis authorising the processing of personal data of newsworthy individuals is the need to fulfil a mission carried out in the public interest. Personal data shall be processed indefinitely over time.
Retention period
The personal data of the User shall be processed actively as long as they retain their status as a User of AS Services. As soon as the User ceases being a User, the data shall be retained for 5 years.
Additionally, Users may exercise their right of erasure at any time. In such case, their data shall be blocked and conserved in a restricted manner, at the disposal of the relevant authorities, during a term of 5 years in order to meet any liabilities arising from the processing.
Lawfulness of the processing
The lawful basis legitimizing the above-mentioned processing activities are, depending on the case, the legitimate interests of the controllers of the processing or the consent granted by the User.
Data subject rights
When it might be applicable, the User may exercise the rights of access, rectification, erasure, objection, portability and restriction, by writing to the controllers, by post sent to the address above, accrediting sufficiently their identity and specifying the right they wish to exercise. It is recommended that the User provide all the information on the AS Services they use or have used in order to adequately handle their request.
The User is entitled to file a claim or complaint with the Spanish Data Protection Supervisory Authority (
www.aepd.es)
and the Data Protection Officer of Grupo Prisa (
dpo@prisa.com
).