App Store
Preview
Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.
iPhone Screenshots
Description
World Cup Table Tennis Lite, the #1 Table Tennis game on the iPhone/iPod touch and iPad, and a #1 Game worldwide, just got even better! We just added a Speed Slider to dramatically increase ball speed for even more exciting game play!
Are you the master of the paddle? The ninja of the backspin? Do you have balls of fury? Then World Cup Table Tennis Lite from Skyworks is the app for you!
PRAISE FOR WORLD CUP TABLE TENNIS
“Quite addicting.” - Macworld
“Ball-bashing Fun for All…” - AppScout
“World Cup Table Tennis by Skyworks is the addictive classic game in 3D and great new addition to world of sports applications. This game will test your reactions…” - Product-Reviews.net
“Having spent some time playing the game, I applaud (Skyworks') efforts as I had a blast playing the game.” - NineOverTen
“Skyworks Interactive cranks out another hit with World Cup Table Tennis!” - SlapApp
“The game really tops everything else and brings realistic sounds from your garage to your iPhone.” – AppBite
Grab your headband, matching track-suit and paddle and represent your country’s colors in some classic table tennis action with WORLD CUP TABLE TENNIS™ LITE from Skyworks®, creators of the best quality and most fun sports games on the iPhone/iPod touch!  It’s the fastest sport on a table, and now it’s right here on your mobile device.  Feel like a pro, concentrating to catch the corners with each shot. Be precise, even the slightest mistake can lose the game and let down your entire country.
And check out our new Speed Slider which allows you to slow down or dramatically speed up gameplay, making World Cup Table Tennis Lite even more exciting!
WORLD CUP TABLE TENNIS LITE has just been enhanced. We just added a Speed Slider to dramatically increase ball speed for even more exciting game play!
If you like this game, UPGRADE to the full version of WORLD CUP TABLE TENNIS™ and get:
- 40 countries from the Americas, Europe, Asia and the Middle East
- 20 paddles, each with different physics and game play, such as the 'Reptile', '90 Grit' and 'Crunch'
- Trophy play in quarters, semis, and the finals in Tournament Mode! Choose which country you represent.
- Gold Cogs, which are earned with each win in Career Mode or with each tournament win in Tournament Mode. Use the Cogs to unlock more paddles and countries or to “power-up” existing paddles. Gold Cogs can also be purchased.
- 35 achievements in Game Center
- Local and global score boards
- Ability to play your Music from your iTunes play list
- Ability to challenge friends via email
- Facebook connectivity
If you like our games, show us some love on Twitter (@SkyworksGames) and Facebook (World Cup Table Tennis)! Thanks, and get to playing!
more
What’s New
Version History
9 Mar 2017
Version 4.7.1
This app has been updated by Apple to display the Apple Watch app icon.
-Bug Fixes
Ratings and Reviews
See All
4.5
out of 5
2 Ratings
2 Ratings
Pretty good
Pretty fun for a while but then gets worse and the amount of spin you can put on the ball is ridiculous!! But fun!!!
Good
Good to play when your bored. Not too hard but not too easy. Liked it alot
Table tennis
It's ok see I would only put the secores up to 10
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
Skyworks Interactive Corp
, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to Apple.
No Details Provided
The developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update.
Information
Provider
Skyworks Interactive Corp. has not identified itself as a trader for this app. If you are a consumer in the European Economic Area, consumer rights do not apply to agreements between you and the provider.
Size
23.6 MB
Category
Games
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 8.0 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 8.0 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish
Age Rating
4+
Copyright
© Skyworks Interactive, Inc.
Price
Free
Developer Website
App Support
Developer Website
App Support
Supports
Game Center
Challenge friends and check leaderboards and achievements.
More By This Developer
See All
Arcade Hoops Basketball™ Free
Games
3 Point Hoops® Basketball Free
Games
Goaaal!™ Soccer TARGET PRACTICE – The Classic Kicking Game in 3D
Games
World Cup Table Tennis™
Games
World Cup Air Hockey™ Free
Games
Batter Up Baseball™ Lite - The Classic Arcade Homerun Hitting Game
Games
You Might Also Like
See All
Table Tennis World Tour
Games
Stickman - Ping Pong
Games
Tennis Court World Sports Game
Games
Tapong - Ping Pong Game
Games
Virtual Table Tennis
Games
Hurdles 3D
Games
Sub-section Policy: 