USAA Privacy Promise
Revision. 3/2024
Download the Privacy Promise
(Opens new window)
Facts
What does USAA do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some, but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
account balances and account transactions
credit history and insurance claim history
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the following section, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons USAA chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
USAA's Personal Information Sharing
For our everyday business purposes —
such as to process your transactions, maintain your accounts, respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes —
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes —
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes —
information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
To limit our sharing
Visit us online:
usaa.com/optout
, or
Call
800-531-7154
— our menu will prompt you through your choices.
Please Note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call
800-531-7154
and ask to speak to a representative.
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
United Services Automobile Association (USAA) and its affiliates, including companies identified with the USAA name and Garrison Property and Casualty Insurance Company.
What we do
How does USAA protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does USAA collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
open an account, or deposit money
pay your bills, or apply for a loan or insurance
use your credit or debit card, or provide account information
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See Other important information section for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a USAA name; financial companies such as Garrison Property and Casualty Insurance Company; and nonfinancial companies such as USAA Alliance Services, LLC.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
USAA does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
USAA does not jointly market.
Other important information
Depending on where you live and what products you own, you may receive another privacy notice that describes additional rights.
Vermont Residents:
Under Vermont law, we will not share personal information about you with nonaffiliates other than as permitted by law. We also will not share information about your creditworthiness with our affiliates without your consent.
Download USAA's Privacy Promise (PDF)
Learn more about USAA and Privacy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://content.usaa.com/mcontent/static_assets/Media/usaa_privacy_promise.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.usaa.com/privacy:
mobile domain:www.usaa.com
Skip to
    Content
Privacy at USAA
Find out what we’re doing to help you stay in control of your personal information.
Review our Privacy Promise
Change privacy settings
Our promise to you
By choosing USAA, you’ve put your trust in our ability to serve you. We take that responsibility seriously.
We don't sell your information.
We only share information outside of USAA as permitted by law for our everyday business purposes.
We keep your information confidential
. We require our employees and the companies we work with to hold your personal information in the strictest confidence.
We protect your information.
We use virus and intrusion detection software, rigorous security procedures, and physical security at our offices.
Your Privacy Preferences
If you want to limit the information we share and use within the USAA family of companies, you can
update your privacy settings
.
Our online practices
We collect personal information from those who use our websites or mobile apps. We do this to perform everyday business tasks.
For more information on how we collect and safeguard personal information, review our
Online Information Practices Notice
.
How we use cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide visitors with a better online experience. For more information, read our
Cookie Notice
. Here are the three types we use.
Essential
These help our websites and apps function and can't be turned off.
Analytics
These help us understand how visitors use our websites and apps.
Advertising
These help us show personalized ads based on your interests.
Additional privacy notices
European Privacy Statements
USAA S.A.(EU) Privacy Statement
(Opens new window)
USAA Limited (UK) Privacy Statement
(Opens new window)
California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA
CCPA Privacy Notice
(Opens new window)
Consumer Rights Request
HR - CCPA Privacy Notice
(Opens new window)
Privacy FAQ
Expand all
We collect the personal information we need to provide a product or service. This typically includes, but isn’t limited to:
Contact information like your name, address and phone number.
ID information like your Social Security number or driver’s license number.
Application information like your credit history.
Security information like your password, PIN or user ID.
Device information like your IP addresses, browser type and communication preferences.
We collect your personal information when you become a USAA member or apply for a product or service. For more information, read our
Privacy Promise
.
We also collect it using tracking technologies, such as cookies, when you visit pages or select links on our website or app. For more information, read:
Cookie Notice
Online Information Practices Notice
We use your personal information for a variety of reasons, such as to maintain your accounts and market our products and services to you.
You can find more information about how we use the information we collect in our privacy notices.
To limit the information we share and use within the USAA family of companies, you can
update your privacy settings
.
If you're a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. Read more in the
California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure
.
Credit card fraud: How to help keep your credit cards safe
Article:
6 minutes
Read article
: Credit card fraud: How to help keep your credit cards safe
Guard against these 10 scams on service members.
Article:
11 minutes
Read article
: Guard against these 10 scams on service members
Child identity theft: Is a youth bank account safe?
Article:
5 minutes
Read article
: Child identity theft: Is a youth bank account safe?
We care about your privacy.
Review our Privacy Promise
Change privacy settings