The Free App
iOS
Android
iTunes Albums
Privacy
Privacy Policies
We Collect No Personal Information Using Our Applications
We do not collect, use, save, or have access to any of your personal data recorded in Naturespace: Relax Sleep Dream for iOS.
Individual settings relating to Naturespace: Relax Sleep Dream are not personal and are stored only on your device.
Our Applications Comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Our applications don’t collect personal information from anyone, including children under the age of 13.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, feel free to get in touch with us at
support@naturespace.com
Simplified Chinese
我们不会使用我们的应用程序收集任何个人信息我们不会收集，使用，保存或访问在Naturespace:Relax Sleep Dream for iOS中记录的任何个人数据。与Naturespace: Relax Sleep Dream有关的单个设置不是个人设置，仅存储在您的设备上。我们的应用程序符合《儿童在线隐私保护法》我们的应用程序不会收集任何人的个人信息，包括13岁以下的孩子。联系我们如果您对此隐私政策有任何疑问，请随时通过
support@naturespace.com
与我们联系。
Traditional Chinese
我們不會使用我們的應用程序收集任何個人信息我們不會收集，使用，保存或訪問在Naturespace: Relax Sleep Dream for iOS中記錄的您的任何個人數據。與Naturespace: Relax Sleep Dream for iOS有關的單個設置不是個人設置，僅存儲在您的設備上。我們的應用程序符合《兒童在線隱私保護法》我們的應用程序不會收集任何人的個人信息，包括13歲以下的孩子。聯繫我們如果您對此隱私政策有任何疑問，請隨時通過
support@naturespace.com
與我們聯繫。
Spanish
No recopilamos información personal utilizando nuestras aplicaciones
No recopilamos, usamos, guardamos ni tenemos acceso a ninguno de sus datos personales registrados en Naturespace: Relax Sleep Dream para iOS.
Las configuraciones individuales relacionadas con Naturespace: Relax Sleep Dream no son personales y se almacenan solo en su dispositivo.
Nuestras aplicaciones cumplen con la Ley de protección de la privacidad en línea para niños
Nuestras aplicaciones no recopilan información personal de nadie, incluidos niños menores de 13 años.
Contáctenos
Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre esta Política de privacidad, no dude en ponerse en contacto con nosotros en
support@naturespace.com
Japanese
アプリケーションを使用して個人情報を収集することはありません
Naturespace：Relax Sleep Dream for iOSに記録されている個人データを収集、使用、保存、またはアクセスすることはありません。
Naturespace：Relax Sleep Dreamに関連する個々の設定は、個人的なものではなく、デバイスにのみ保存されます。
当社のアプリケーションは、児童オンラインプライバシー保護法に準拠しています
私たちのアプリケーションは、13歳未満の子供を含む誰からも個人情報を収集しません。
お問い合わせ
このプライバシーポリシーについて質問がある場合は、support @
naturespace.com
までお気軽にお問い合わせください。