Horoscope TV
Daily Horoscopes
Chinese Zodiac
Compatibility
Astrology
Mobile Apps
Horoscope TV respects your privacy and takes your online safety seriously. In order to provide you with the best products, efficient customer service, and timely updates, we record a variety of information from your visit to our site. To better protect your privacy, we provide the notice below explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Horoscope TV's Privacy Policy
Thank you for accessing the website ("Site") of Horoscope TV Limited (all references to “us” and “our" refer to Horoscope TV). We respect your privacy and want you to know about the policies we have in place to protect your personal information.
This Privacy Policy explains:
How we collect, use, and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information.
The steps we've taken to secure your personal information.
Your options regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any website other than Horoscope TV to which this Site links or that links to this Site.
By visiting our Site, you accept the practices described in this Notice.
How does Horoscope TV collect information about me?
How does Horoscope TV use my personal information?
How are cookies and other technologies used to collect information?
Does Horoscope TV ever give out my personal information?
Is information Horoscope TV collects about me secure?
Are children allowed to use Horoscope TV?
Where can I find updates to this policy?
How does Horoscope TV collect information about me?
We collect information from Site users in several different ways, with the goal of providing an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience. For example, we can use your personal information to:
* Record and quickly bring up information you've given previously
* Help you quickly find information, products, and services
* Create content that is relevant to you
* Alert you of our new information, products, and services
Email Addresses:
Several locations on the Site allow you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to: registering for free promotional notices, requesting notification when new brands or product styles arrive, or signing up for our email newsletter. In addition, any participation in promotional contests organized by Horoscope TV is completely voluntary and requires disclosure of contact information needed to notify winners and award prizes. We may post the names and cities of contest winners on our Site.
Log Files:
Like most websites, the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access this Site. We may also log your Internet protocol (IP) address, Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing and system troubleshooting purposes. (An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet.)
How does Horoscope TV use cookies and other technology to collect information?
Cookies are small pieces of information that your Internet browser stores as text files on your computer's hard drive. Most browsers accept cookies by default, but setting your browser to refuse cookies or remove them from your hard drive will prevent you from using parts of this Site. Horoscope TV uses cookies to
* speed up navigation
* track site usage
* recognize users and user access privileges
This Site's cookies do not and cannot infiltrate a user's hard drive to gather any confidential information.
This Site also uses web beacons (also known as clear GIF technology or "action tags") to:
* help deliver cookies
* track views of a web page
Any electronic image on the Site, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon. We may use content or ads from third-party advertising companies that may use cookies and web beacons to measure web page visits or amount of products purchased.
Any information these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information we collect.
How does Horoscope TV use my personal information?
Internal Use:
We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. We may use your personal information internally to collect general information about visitors to this Site, improve Site content and layout, improve our outreach, and market our services and products.
Does Horoscope TV ever give out my personal information?
We do not sell, rent, trade, license, or otherwise disclose your personal or financial information to anyone, except in the following specific situations:
Third-party service providers:
Like most online retailers, we sometimes use third-party service providers to perform specific functions on our behalf. Any information disclosed to them is solely to help in their provision of service. For example, we provide your name, shipping address, email and phone number to partners such as DHL and UPS in order to guarantee delivery of your orders, and we may use relevant customer information in order to monitor the quality of the third party's service.
Similarly, we must provide your credit card number to financial services organizations such as credit card processors and issuers in order to process payments. We protect all submissions of your credit card number for authorization with state-of-the-art data encryption. (More on this below in the Data Security section.)
Legal requirement to disclose information:
We may be required to disclose information if subpoenaed, served with a court order or requested by law-enforcement officials conducting investigations, or if we are otherwise required by law to disclose such information. We will also release personal information when necessary to protect our legal rights or enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud, or to prevent fraud by users who attempt fraud or other illegal activity on our Site.
Merger and/or sale of assets:
We do not normally sell, trade or rent personal information
            to other companies in the course of our business. However, it is possible that we might acquire, merge with or be acquired by another company, or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets, in which case your personal information could be disclosed to another company, subject to the Privacy Notice in effect.
Non-personally identifiable information:
We may share information that does not identify you or any user, such as the number of daily visitors to a particular page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date, with third parties such as advertising partners.
How does Horoscope TV secure information collected about me?
This Site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, such as:
* Granting only employees who are providing a specific service access to your personal information
* Working only with third-party service providers who we believe adequately secure all computer hardware.
While our business is designed with safeguarding your personal information in mind, please remember that 100% security does not presently exist anywhere, online or offline.
What choices do I have regarding Horoscope TV's collection of my information?
You can choose to:
* Correct or update your personal information
* Stop receiving mail to your email address
To correct or update your personal information
, log in to My Accounts and submit a request through the online Customer Service.
To unsubscribe from emails
you receive from Horoscope TV, follow the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email and select the option appropriate for you.
Are children allowed to use Horoscope TV?
We respect children's privacy. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13. Elsewhere on this Site, you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or are using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian.
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you when using the Site.
Data Removal
Unless it is prohibited by law, we will remove any personal information about you from our servers within 30 days of your request. Please use the contact form on our site to request the removal of your data:
Contact Us
Where can I find updates to this policy?
To keep you informed of what information we collect, use, and disclose, we will post any changes or updates to this Privacy Notice on this Site and encourage you to review this Privacy Notice from time to time. Please contact us with any questions about the Privacy Notice.
Notice to Facebook Users
We do not collect or use any of your data using Facebook's APIs.
Horoscopes in other languages
Tageshoroskop
Horoscope du jour
Horoscopos del dia
Oroscopo di oggi
Horoscopos do dia
星座
占い
운세
Horoscope TV
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
To Top