Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
One curated app for your whole new universe of style.
Get the app
.
﻿
One curated style Universe.
Get the app
.
Ad Disclosure
Privacy Policy and Notice of Personal Information Collection
Last updated: June 18, 2024
Collection of Information
Use of Information We Collect
Disclosure of Information
Your Choices
Your Privacy Rights
Privacy Rights Applicable to UK Users
Data Transfers
Other Notices
Privacy Policy Changes
Contact Us
This Privacy Policy describes how ShopStyle Inc. ("we," "us," "our,"
  "Company") collect, use, disclose, and protect information in connection with
  the Company websites, mobile websites, mobile applications, and any related
  services that refer or link to this Privacy Policy ("Services"). ShopStyle is
  part of the
Rakuten Group
, which includes the affiliates and subsidiaries of our parent company
  Rakuten Group, Inc., based in Tokyo, Japan.
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
SOURCES OF COLLECTION
We collect information about you when you:
Register for our Services
Interact with our Services
Install and/or access our Services through our application(s), including
      our mobile application
Connect to our Services using third party accounts, such as social media
      and email accounts
Contact us for support
Enter a sweepstakes, contest, promotion, or respond to a survey or poll
We collect certain information when you submit or provide it to us directly.
    When you have installed our mobile application or when you interact with our
    Services online, we also automatically collect information about you and
    your use of the Services through the use of log processes, cookies,
    location-identifying technologies, and other tracking technologies. Certain
    information is collected about you from third parties, such as when you
    connect through a third-party service or business partner site or when
    information is shared by merchants and business partners with whom you have
    also interacted.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
The types of information we collect about you may include personal
    information of the following types:
Identifiers
that you provide us directly, such as your
      first and last name, username, email address, postal address, location,
      tax information (for sweepstakes, contests, and promotion winners in the
      United States)
Identifiers
, collected automatically through your use of
      the Services, such as unique online or device identifiers, IP address,
      device or session IDs and information regarding your system configuration
      (operating system and version), network, and connected hardware (e.g.,
      computer or mobile device and carrier)
Commercial Information
about you, such as records of
      products or services purchased, obtained, or considered by you, including
      products, merchants, and deals you searched for, viewed, or clicked,
      product types, merchant sites visited from our Services, merchant types,
      transaction history related to our Services, purchase confirmation data,
      preferred gender category of clothing, favorite stores, brands, products,
      influencers, and looks, Sale Alerts you set, and Searches you save, and
      accrued cash back (United States users only)
Internet and other Network Activity
, such as browsing and
      search history and your interactions with our Services, including:
products, coupons, offers, or merchants you search, click, favorite,
          and/or view, including clicks you make on merchant sites you visit
          within our mobile app
URL's of pages you visit, including those tracked by our mobile app
date and time stamps associated with such browsing, searches, and
          clicks, and
click stream data, meaning the page by page clicks that you make as
          you navigate through our Services, including the web page visited
          before you came to our Services
Geolocation
, (non-precise), to the extent you have
      configured your device to share such information with us, and locale
      preferences you indicate for your use of the Services
Account credentials
such as usernames, passwords
Inferences
drawn about you and your likely preferences,
      characteristics, behavior, and attitudes from any information we collect
      about you.
We do not collect any “special category” data per the UK General Data
    Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), or types of information considered
    “sensitive” personal information under applicable U.S. state privacy laws.
2. USE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use information we collect about you for the following business and
    commercial purposes:
To Provide Our Services and Manage Your Account, including to:
Process your registration with our Services, including verifying whether
      your email address is active and valid and enrolling you into our program
Manage your account, including managing your favorite stores, products,
      brands, looks, and influencers
Track your shopping and identify opportunities for rewards and/or offers
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative
      messages
Provide you customer service regarding your account and reply to your
      questions, comments, and requests
Administer contests, sweepstakes, or promotions you enter, including to
      determine your eligibility to win a prize.
To Improve Our Services
We use information we collect about your use of our Services to identify
    site usage trends and perform statistical analyses to improve our Services,
    websites, applications, and marketing efforts to provide a better service to
    you in the future. We use the feedback you provide or submit in polls or
    surveys to provide us aggregated and deidentified insights on business and
    shopping trends, which we use to improve the product offerings on our
    services as well as our stores, brands, and collections. Where we deidentify
    information, we maintain it in that format and do not attempt to reidentify
    it.
To Personalize Our Services
We use information we collect about your activity in relation to our
    Services to create a profile of your preferences to personalize and tailor
    Services content, including offers and discounts, so that it is more likely
    to be of interest to you, subject to your consent where required. For
    example, we may use your recent search or purchase history to display more
    relevant offers and stores within the Services.
To Provide You Direct Marketing and Targeted Advertisement Information
We use your personal information to send you newsletters, rewards,
    discounts, promotion codes, events, and general promotional information
    about the Service and we may also use your information to advertise to you
    online, including targeting advertising to you on other websites, each to
    the extent permitted by applicable law and/or subject to your consent or
    right to opt-out. You can manage direct promotional communications in
    accordance with Section 4 (Your Choices) below, and manage our use of your
    information for targeted advertising as provided in Sections 5 and 6.
To Detect Fraud and Improve Security
We use collected information to assess risk related to online security and
    to investigate and limit fraud, spam, and other malicious online activities
    in our Services, and to improve our security measures.
To Protect and Assert our Legal Rights and Comply with our Legal Obligations
We may use collected information as necessary to assert our legal rights or
    to defend our legal rights against third parties in the event of a lawsuit
    or other legal or regulatory action. We also use your location information
    to ensure we apply the appropriate practices and handling of your
    information according to the data protection laws of your jurisdiction.
3. DISCLOSURE of INFORMATION
We may disclose the below-specified categories of information for our
    business or commercial purposes, including the following:
Disclosure to our Service Providers
We may disclose all categories of your personal information as necessary to
    our service providers (which may include third parties and Company
    affiliates) who perform various business operations on our behalf, under our
    instructions and in compliance with appropriate contractual, technical and
    organizational security measures to protect your data from unauthorized use,
    retention, or disclosure. For example, we may partner with other companies
    to provide you customer support services, authentication services, prevent
    fraud on our Services, administer our promotions, sweepstakes, and surveys,
    perform analytics, and manage our databases.
Disclosure to Our Affiliate Partners
We work with various affiliate networks to offer our Services. We may
    disclose the following types of information to such affiliate networks. For
    UK users, this disclosure and usage will occur only with your consent and
    you may update your preferences at any time by following the instructions in
    Section 6 below.
For non-UK users, when you click on a link to a merchant site presented on
    our Services to start a shopping trip, you evidence your intent to interact
    with that business through our Services, and thereby are directing us to
    disclose certain information about you (including the link you clicked in
    our Services and a unique ID assigned to track that your shopping originated
    from our Services) to an affiliate network to properly account for your
    purchases. For a small number of merchants that do not utilize an affiliate
    network, this information is provided directly to the merchant. The
    Affiliate Partner will collect Internet and Network Activity information
    about your use of our Services in relation to the merchant site, products,
    or offers. Our Affiliate Partners collect this information to track the
    shopping trip, but some of them may also use this information to contribute
    it to their own user profiles and/or combine it with information they
    collect elsewhere, which they may make available for use by their other
    business clients. In such cases, our disclosure to certain of these
    Affiliate Partners could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your
    personal information as those terms are defined under applicable U.S. state
    privacy laws, and the opt-out we offer to consumers in Section 5, below,
    would signal these Affiliate Partners to not collect or use your information
    from our Services except as necessary to validate and provide your Cash
    Back.
Rakuten Group Companies
We work closely with our affiliated businesses and companies within the
    Rakuten Group and disclose your personal information to them for our
    internal business administration.
If you are accessing the Services from the United States, we work with our
    sister company, Ebates Performance Marketing, Inc. dba Rakuten Rewards
    (“Rakuten Rewards”) to make those cash back offers available to you. When
    you elect to join cash back or sign up for a ShopStyle account via
    www.shopstyle.com, ShopStyle will disclose your email address to Rakuten
    Rewards in order to facilitate the connection or creation of your cash back
    account on
www.rakuten.com.
By
    electing to join cash back, you are also agreeing to the Rakuten Rewards
terms and conditions
and
privacy policy
. Information
    relating to shopping trips that you start on our Services (such as retailer,
    offer type, date and time of the click) may be used to administer your cash
    back and to personalize offers and content for you in accordance with this
    privacy policy and the Rakuten Rewards
privacy policy
.
Disclosure to Digital Advertising Providers
To provide us with targeted advertising and marketing services, we partner
    with certain third parties that automatically collect Internet and Network
    Activity information about your use of the Services, such as your browsing
    history, IP address, pages viewed, and links clicked, so that they can use
    this information to serve you ads for our Services on other sites you visit.
    Some of these third parties may also further use this collected information
    for their own purposes. For UK users, this sharing is subject to your
    consent to third-party marketing cookies in our Cookie Banner or Consent
    Preference Center. For non-UK users, you have the right to opt out of our
    sharing of your information with certain third parties for the purposes of
    cross-context behavioral or targeted advertising. To exercise this right,
    you can opt-out via the instructions in Section 5, below.
Disclosure for Legal Purposes
We may disclose the information we collect, including personal information,
    to the extent permitted by the data protection laws applicable in your
    jurisdiction, (i) in response to subpoenas or other legal processes or if,
    in our good faith opinion such disclosure is required or permitted by law
    without a specific disclosure; (ii) at the request of governmental
    authorities conducting an investigation; (iii) to enforce our terms and
    conditions or other policies applicable to our Services; and (iv) to protect
    the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of Company or any
    third party.
In Relation to Business Asset Transfers
We may disclose the information we collect, including personal information,
    to any third party in connection with, or during confidential negotiations
    of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale (including a liquidation,
    realization, foreclosure or repossession) or any other type of acquisition
    of all or any portion of Company assets, conveyance or transfer of all or a
    portion of our business to another company. In such event, the acquiring
    company would be contractually required to use your collected information in
    accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law or to provide prior
    notice to you of any new or materially changed practices.
For UK visitors, Legal basis for using your Personal Information
If you are a visitor from the United Kingdom (“UK”), our legal basis for
    collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on
    the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we
    collect it, and may include the following:
Performance of a contract
. The use of your personal
      information may be necessary to provide you our Services and meet our
      obligations as set forth in our Services terms and conditions and other
      policies under which we provide our Services.
Consent
. We will rely on your consent to use (i)
      technical information such as cookie data and geolocation data; and (ii)
      your personal information for direct marketing, personalization, and
      targeted advertising purposes. You may withdraw your consent at any time
      by adjusting your cookie preferences in our Privacy Preference Center (for
      cookie data) or following an unsubscribe link in any marketing
      communication you receive from us (for direct marketing). If you have any
      issues with these methods, please contact us using the information at the
      end of this Privacy Policy.
Legitimate interests
. We may use your personal
      information to serve our legitimate interests in operating our platform,
      managing your account, improving our Services, communicating with you and
      responding to customer service queries, providing security and preventing
      fraud other illegal acts on our site and Services, protecting our legal
      rights and complying with our legal obligations, and sharing information
      with our affiliates for internal administration. In such circumstances it
      is for us to ensure that these interests do not override your data
      protection interests or fundamental privacy rights and freedoms.
4. YOUR CHOICES
Updating Account Information
We encourage you to maintain the accuracy of the information you submit to
    us. You may provide account updates by logging into your Service account and
    updating your information in the Settings.
Communications Preferences
Email Messaging
We may send you periodic electronic communications and direct mailings for
    administrative purposes when you sign up for an account and/or, subject to
    your consent or opt-out, for promotional purposes. You can opt out of
    receiving promotional communications from us at any time by following the
    instructions provided in those communications to unsubscribe or stop them,
    modifying the settings of your account, or contacting us through the
    Services. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional
    communications, we may continue to send you non-promotional emails and other
    types of communications, as permitted by law, such as service emails
    relating to our ongoing business relationship. Service emails contain
    service-related announcements that affect your account, such as reward or
    payment updates and responses to your comments and feedback submitted to us.
Mobile Application Notifications
When using our mobile application, your preferences for receiving push
    notifications and other mobile alerts can be configured in the settings of
    your mobile device.
5. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have certain rights regarding your personal information based on
    applicable local laws, which may include the following rights:
To Know and Access your personal information/data portability
You have the right to know the categories and elements of personal information 
    about you that we collected, used, disclosed for a business purpose, sold and 
    shared for the purposes of cross-context or targeted advertising, including 
    the categories of sources from which we acquired your information and 
    the categories of, or in some cases a list of specific third parties to whom 
    we disclosed your personal information. You have the right to request that 
    we send you (or another organization, under certain conditions) a copy of 
    your personal data we process, in a readily usable and portable format.
To Rectify or Correct the information we hold about you
You have the right to request that we correct any personal information about
    you that is factually inaccurate or complete any personal information that
    is incomplete.
To Erase or Delete your personal information
You have the right to request that we erase or delete your personal
    information we collected from or maintain about you. We will delete your
    personal information upon such request, except to the extent we determine
    that we need the information for a business purpose and have a legal right
    to maintain it, or if an exception applies, in which case we will inform you
    of that legal exception.
To Opt-out of Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information or Use for
    Targeted Advertising
You have the right to opt out of certain disclosures of your personal
    information that may be considered “selling”, “sharing”, or processing for
    the purpose of “targeted advertising” under applicable U.S. State privacy
    laws. If you would like to opt-out of having your personal information
    disclosed or processed in this way, please click the link below to visit the
Privacy Preferences Center
:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION / PERSONAL DATA OPT-OUT
We recognize valid opt-out preference signals sent from browsers or devices, 
    including the Global Privacy Control. When we receive such signals that do not 
    conflict with your existing privacy preferences, we will automatically exercise
     opt-out rights that may be available to you under certain U.S. state privacy laws, 
     such as the rights to opt out of sale, sharing, and processing your personal information 
     for targeted advertising, for your browser, device or account, as applicable. To send an 
     opt-out signal via the Global Privacy Control please follow the instructions for your device or 
     browser located here:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org
.
To Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy
    rights.
Unless otherwise permitted by applicable law, we will not do any of the
    following because you request to know, access, correct, or delete your
    information or opt out of its sale, sharing, or processing for the purposes
    of targeted advertising:
deny you goods or services
charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including
      through granting others or denying you discounts or other benefits or
      imposing penalties,
provide you a different level or quality of goods or services, or
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or
      services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
To Modify Your Data Collection Preferences
You may in some cases have the option to decline to provide us with certain
    information; however, your choice may impact the functionality of certain
    features or services for which that information is a necessary component.
    You can prospectively stop all collection of information by our mobile
    application by uninstalling our mobile application. Because installation of
    the mobile application permits our data collection about your online
    behavior on that device, even without your interaction with the application,
    it must be uninstalled to completely withdraw your consent to this data
    collection. In some instances, you can opt out of certain data collection by
    updating your Settings within your mobile device settings.
How To Exercise Your Rights to Know, Access, Correct, and Request Deletion:
To assert your privacy rights please visit the
Privacy Preferences Center
. To verify your identity, we will ask you to login to your account. If you
    do not have an account or we cannot verify your identity from the
    information we have on file, we may request additional information from you,
    which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or
    fraud-prevention purposes. Please note that under the laws of certain
    jurisdictions, we are not required to respond to requests to know and access
    your information more than twice within a 12-month period.
Agents
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a
    verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. For any
    agent making a request on your behalf, we may require you to prove that you
    authorized this agent to submit a request on your behalf, and we may require
    you to independently verify your identity.
Right to Appeal
You may have the right to appeal our decision regarding your privacy rights
    request, depending on your state of residence. You may submit an appeal
    request by contacting us through the details provided in the Contact Us
    section, below. We will respond according to the law applicable in your
    location.
6. PRIVACY RIGHTS APPLICABLE TO UK USERS
If your personal information is subject to the protections offered by UK
    privacy law, you may:
Request to access, correct, update, delete or receive in a portable format
      your personal information that we hold, at any time by contacting us using
      the information provided in the Contact Us section below, or by updating
      your account profile at
https://www.shopstyle.co.uk/my/profile
and your privacy preferences at
https://www.shopstyle.co.uk/privacy/preferences
Object to processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict
      processing of your personal information You have the right to request that
      we limit or restrict our processing of your personal information, under
      certain circumstances.
Withdraw your consent at any time if we have collected and process your
      personal information based on your consent.
Complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of
      your personal information. For more information, please contact your local
      data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection
      authorities in the UK at
https://ico.org.uk/global/privacy-notice/how-you-can-contact-us/
)
To exercise any of these rights please contact us in accordance with the
    contact details set forth in the Contact Us section, below, or by updating
    your preferences at
https://www.shopstyle.co.uk/privacy/preferences
.
7. DATA TRANSFERS
If you are visiting our site from the UK or other regions with laws
    governing cross-border transfer of personal data, please note that your
    personal information may be transferred for the purposes described under
    this Privacy Policy for processing in the United States and in other
    countries with less rigorous data protection laws than your jurisdiction. We
    take great care in protecting your personal information and have put in
    place adequate mechanisms to protect it when it is transferred
    internationally, including Standard Contractual Clauses. As part of the
    Rakuten Group, we rely on the
Rakuten Binding Corporate Rules
,
found at
https://corp.rakuten.co.jp/privacy/en/bcr.html
,
to legitimize international data transfers of UK data within the
    Rakuten Group.
8. OTHER NOTICES
Shine the Light.
California law permits residents of
    California to request certain details about how their information is shared
    with third parties for direct marketing purposes. We do not share your
    information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Notice regarding information of minors.
This site and any
    related services are intended for adults 18 years of age or over, and we do
    not knowingly collect or sell or share personal information of consumer
    under 18 years of age without affirmative authorization or without
    verifiable opt-in consent from a parent for those under age 13.
Retention of Data.
We may retain information about you for
    as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes described Section 2. Some
    of your information may be retained in our systems even after you request
    your information to be deleted if an exception applies, or in order to
    comply with our obligations under applicable law, collect fees owed, resolve
    disputes, enforce our legal rights, otherwise use internally in a lawful
    manner that is reasonably aligned with your expectations or compatible with
    the context in which the information was provided, and to undertake any
    investigations necessitated by the foregoing.
Information Security.
We have implemented technical and
    organizational measures to provide a level of security appropriate to the
    risk to the personal information that we process. These measures are aimed
    at preserving the ongoing integrity and protecting the confidentiality of
    users’ personal information. We evaluate these measures on a regular basis
    to confirm that they continue to maintain and apply an appropriate level of
    security.
9. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is current as of the date set forth above. We reserve
    the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time consistent with
    applicable privacy laws and principles and our practices in relation to
    personal information. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will
    notify you by revising the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. In the
    event of a material change, and where such changes will impact you as a data
    subject, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a
    statement to the homepages of our Services or sending you an email
    notification).
10. CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to
    contact us by email at
privacy@shopstyle.com
or by mail
    at ShopStyle Inc., 800 Concar Drive, Suite 175, San Mateo, CA 94402, ATTN:
    ShopStyle Legal.
Added to Favorites
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.rakuten.com/privacy:
Take advantage of our Rakuten websites in your region
I live in Europe. Where can I use Rakuten?
Discover the Rakuten Services in Europe by visiting their sites.
France
🇫🇷
Germany
🇩🇪
Spain
🇪🇸
If you have any questions, contact
Member Services.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.shopstyle.com/privacy/preferences:
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
One curated app for your whole new universe of style.
Get the app
.
﻿
One curated style Universe.
Get the app
.
Ad Disclosure
Privacy Preferences
Update your preferences below and control how we collect and use your information.
I am a resident of:
Not defined
Update My Location
Manage How My Data is Used
We use the data we collect about you in a few ways, from enhancing your experience to improving our services. Your data also helps us provide you with a more personalized experience. To learn more about what information we collect and why, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.
Sale or Sharing of Personal Information / Personal Data Opt-out
Your data, your choice. Request to opt out to the sale and sharing of your data below.
Opt-out of Sale or Sharing
Delete My Data
You can choose to delete data like your prior searches and favorites, and still use your ShopStyle account. We also recommend clearing your browser cookies.
Added to Favorites
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.
Sub-policy 2
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl
Sub-policy 3
https://www.shopstyle.co.uk/privacy/preferences:
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
Ad Disclosure
Privacy Preferences
Update your preferences below and control how we collect and use your information.
Manage How My Data is Used
We use the data we collect about you in a few ways, from enhancing your experience to improving our services. Your data also helps us provide you with a more personalized experience. To learn more about what information we collect and why, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.
Delete My Data
You can choose to delete data like your prior searches and favorites, and still use your ShopStyle account. We also recommend clearing your browser cookies.
Added to Favourites
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.
Sub-policy 4
https://ico.org.uk/global/privacy-notice/how-you-can-contact-us/:
Skip to main content
Global
ICO Privacy notice
How you can contact us
How you can contact us
Contents
Search this document
ICO Privacy notice
General information
Cha​nges to this privacy notice
Controller’s contact details
Data Protection Officer's contact details
How do we get information?
Your data protection rights
Request a service adjustment
Sharing your information
Links to other websites
Your right to complain
Children’s information
Managing customer contact
How you can contact us
Visitors to our website
Visitors to the office
Microsoft 365 Copilot (pilot phase)
2. Reason for contacting us
Responding to our project ExplAIn consultation
Report a nuisance call or message
Making a complaint
Report bad practices as a whistleblower
Make an enquiry
Investigations for law enforcement purposes
Using our subject access request service
Apply for a job or secondment
Contact the Press Office
Attend an event, seminar or workshop
Responding to our consultation requests and surveys
Register for a webinar or live broadcast event
Subscribing to our e-newsletter
Request our publications
Make an information request
Using our privacy notice generator tool
3. Communicate with us as a business
Pay a fee under the Data Protection (charges and information) Regulations 2018 (the data protection fee)
Apply for an ICO grant
Report a breach (service providers)
Report a breach (all controllers)
When we audit an organisation
Submit a Data Protection Impact Assessment  for consultation
Submit a BCR application for approval
Signing the Your Data Matters pledge
Joining our SME feedback group
Nominations for Data Protection Officer of the Year award
Providing details for case studies
We’re carrying out an advisory check-up on your organisation
Submit a question to our Innovation Advice Service in the BETA phase
Register as a trust service provider
Submit a Code of Conduct or Certification Scheme for approval
Apply for accreditation as a code monitoring body
Upstream feedback group
Volunteer to particate in ICO website user research
Data Protection Practitioners' Conference 2024
Calling our helpline
Submitting a form through our website
Social media
Live chat
Chatbot
Emailing us
Writing to us
Purpose and lawful basis for processing
Calling our helpline
When you call our main helpline (0303 123 1113), we collect Calling Line Identification (CLI) information. This is the phone number you are calling from (if it’s not withheld). We hold a log of the phone number, date, time and duration of the call, but do not audio record the call itself. We hold this information for 100 days.
We use this information to understand the demand for our services and to improve how we operate. We may also use the number to call you back if you have asked us to do so, if your call drops, or if there is a problem with the line. We may also use it to check how many calls we have received from it.
We don’t audio record any calls, but we might make notes to help us answer your query. Other ICO staff may also listen in during your call for training or quality assurance purposes.
We sometimes conduct surveys on our helpline to help us identify trends in the enquiries we receive and improve how we operate. If you are a controller we may ask if you have paid your data protection fee and enquire about your use of our website and guidance resources. If you require a follow up call we will also ask you to provide us with your contact details.
We use an online tool hosted by Snap Surveys to record your survey responses.
You can read their privacy policy here
. Data collected by Snap Surveys for the ICO is stored on UK servers.
We may also invite you to participate in a customer satisfaction survey. If you would like to be included, we will pass your name and email address onto a third party, the Institute of Customer Service (ICS), who run our customer satisfaction surveys.
We use a translation service provided by Language Line Limited for customers when English is not their first language. We don’t retain call scripts and neither do Language Line. It is processed live for the purposes of translating the call.
We welcome calls in Welsh on 0330 414 6421. Rydym yn croesawu galwadau yn Gymraeg ar 0330 414 6421.
If you need to contact us via the phone and you are deaf or have a hearing or speech impairment, you can use the free BT service Relay UK.
Install the free app, which you can access on your device's app store, on your smartphone, tablet, or computer. Then, call our advice line on 0303 123 1113, from Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm. The Relay UK service itself is free. You'll only pay your normal charges for the calls.
If you want to use your textphone to contact us, dial 18001 followed by 0303 123 1113. We do not keep any call information or messages left on the phone.
Alternatively, you can also contact us using our live chat.
We also hold statistical information about the calls we receive for a number of years, but this does not contain any personal data.
Submitting a form through our website
Our website allows you to submit forms to us, for example, when making a complaint or paying the data protection fee. We use Twilio Sendgrid to support our email infrastructure and the operation of these services. Any personal information you share with us may be shared with Twilio and this can include the transfer of data to the USA. We have in place Standard Contractual Clauses to safeguard this transfer and data is retained by Twilio for no more than 61 days.
Social media
We use a third-party solution, Brandwatch, to manage our social-media interactions, including private or direct messages sent to us via social media.
We see all this information and decide how we manage it. For example, if you send a message via social media that needs a response from us, we may process it in our case management system as an
enquiry
or a
complaint
or a
request for information
. When contacting the ICO through a social media platform, we suggest you also familiarise yourself with the privacy information of that platform. The social media platforms we currently use are:
LinkedIn
X
Facebook
TikTok
Live chat
We use a third-party provider, Nasstar, to supply and support our live chat service.
If you use our live chat service we’ll collect the contents of your live chat session and if you choose to provide it your name, email address and telephone number. Nasstar retains this data for us for 100 days.
Chatbot
Our Chatbot service allows site visitors to ask, and get answers to, questions from a ‘bot’ (or automated service).
If you use the chatbot, the chatbot will share the contents of your chat with Microsoft Azure cognitive services, Google natural language processing services, Bing search and Bing spellchecker services, which are used to allow the bot to interpret and answer questions. The third party services only process your data during your chat session. It isn’t necessary for you to share your personal data with us when using this service, but if you chose to do so then your information would be shared with those services.
The ICO retains the contents of chats for 12 months, for training and analysis. We also hold statistical information about the Chatbot service, but this does not contain any personal data.
The ICO uses a third party, ICS.AI, to provide technical support for the chatbot.
Emailing us
We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic in line with government guidance on email security. Most webmail such as Gmail and Hotmail use TLS by default.
We use machine learning tools to review the content of emails sent to us. We use this information to train our systems, gain insight into demand for our services and to improve how we operate. You may receive an automatic reply, your original email request will remain unaltered and will be processed by ICO staff.
We’ll also monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. You must ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
Writing to us
We use Exela Technologies who provide a digital mailroom service for opening and scanning our post. If you write to us your mail will be opened and scanned by Exela staff who then provide us with a digitised copy for ICO staff to review and action.
Purpose and lawful basis for processing
The lawful basis we rely on to process personal data for the above purposes is article 6(1)(e) of the UK GDPR which allows us to process personal data when this is necessary to perform our public task as a regulator.
Previous
Managing customer contact
Next
Visitors to our website
Back to top
Sub-policy 5
https://corp.rakuten.co.jp/privacy/en/bcr.html:
Java Scriptの設定がオンになっていないため、一部ご利用いただけない機能があります。
設定をオンにする方法については、
こちら
のヘルプをご覧ください。
Top
Binding Corporate Rules
Binding Corporate Rules
Rakuten’s global privacy framework is based in a set of internal rules referred to as Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs). This all-encompassing framework of internal rules is comprised of both the EU BCR and the UK BCR, which have been approved by the European Union and the United Kingdom’s respective data protection authorities. The BCRs ensure the protection of individual’s privacy and personal data throughout the Rakuten Group.
Why are the BCRs important?
The fast-moving and globalized nature of the digital sector requires a global approach to business operations, where services are available to individuals located all over the world. The Rakuten Group, as a global company, is established in several countries and its operations are the subject of a vast number of laws in multiple jurisdictions.
Some of these countries have limited or fragmented privacy rules or may lack a general privacy framework. Therefore, Rakuten relies on its BCRs as the fundamental guarantee and operational baseline for its approach to privacy and data protection.
These corporate rules assure that the level of protection offered in any country where Rakuten companies are based matches the level required by the European Union and the United Kingdom. This means that data can be transferred safely and lawfully between Rakuten Group entities.
What is the content of the BCRs?
These rules comprise the main privacy principles such as lawful processing, purpose limitation and data quality, as well as recognize the right to information, rectification, objection, and other rights as granted under the applicable privacy laws. Depending on the region where Rakuten users are based and the applicable privacy regulations, users may also enjoy additional rights.
Rakuten has appointed a Global Privacy Manager that leads Rakuten’s privacy strategy.  The Global Privacy Manager works hand in hand with Rakuten’s strong privacy network to ensure compliance with the BCRs across Rakuten Group entities, and they are responsible for mediating claims and assuring internal compliance. Most importantly, the BCRs bind all Rakuten’s worldwide entities so that each company adheres to the same rules across all their operations.
The rules also make it clear that even if personal data is transferred to a country that operates on a less stringent data protection regime, Rakuten will still apply its high global standards.
Privacy is the core value of trust for our users and stakeholders. Rakuten is very serious about maintaining global compliance to the highest standards.
List of Rakuten Group Entities That are Part of Our BCR Intra-group Agreements
EEA Entities
Jurisdiction
Entity
Estonia
Rakuten Estonia OÜ
France
Aquafadas S.A.S.U.
France
Rakuten France S.A.S.
France
RAKUTEN ADVERTISING FRANCE SAS
France
Rakuten Symphony France S.A.S.U
Germany
Rakuten Marketing Germany GmbH
Germany
Rakuten Symphony Deutschland GmbH
Ireland
Kobo SOFTWARE IRELAND LIMITED
Luxembourg
Rakuten Europe S.à r.l.
Luxembourg
Rakuten Europe Bank S.A.
Luxembourg
Viber Media LLC
Luxembourg
Viber Media S.à r.l.
Spain
Rakuten TV Europe, S.L.U.
United Kingdom Entities
Jurisdiction
Entity
The United Kingdom
Rakuten Insight UK Limited
The United Kingdom
Rakuten Marketing Europe Limited
Other countries Entities
Jurisdiction
Entity
Brazil
RAKUTEN MARKETING BRAZIL LTDA.
Canada
Rakuten Kobo Inc.
China
Rakuten China Development Center Co., Ltd.
China
Rakuten Insight China Co.,Ltd.
China
Shanghai Soukai E-commerce Limited
Hong Kong
Rakuten Securities Hong Kong Limited
Hong Kong
Rakuten Securities Bullion Hong Kong Limited
Hong Kong
Rakuten Global Trading Hong Kong Limited
India
Rakuten Symphony India Private Limited
India
Rakuten India Enterprise Private Limited
India
Rakuten Insight India Private Limited
India
Robin Software Development Center India Pvt. Ltd
Japan
Clips, Inc.
Japan
Executive Golf, Inc.
Japan
Keiba Mall, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Bic, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Books Network Co., Ltd.
Japan
Rakuten Car Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Card Co., Ltd.
Japan
Rakuten Communications Corp.
Japan
Rakuten Data Solutions, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Group, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Insight Global, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Insight, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Mobile Infra Solution, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Mobile, Inc.
Japan
RAKUTEN STAY, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Securities Holdings, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Mart, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Sociobusiness, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten SQREEM,Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Total Solutions, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Travel Service, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Wallet, Inc.
Japan
Rakuten Drone, Inc.
Korea
Rakuten Insight Korea Co., Ltd.
Korea
Rakuten Symphony Korea,Inc.
Korea
Rakuten Commerce & Marketing Korea Co., Ltd.
Korea
Viki Korea Co., Ltd.
Malaysia
Rakuten Insight Malaysia SDN. BHD.
Singapore
Rakuten Asia Pte. Ltd.
Singapore
Rakuten Insight Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Singapore
Rakuten Symphony Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Singapore
Rakuten Travel Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Singapore
Viki Private Limited
Taiwan
Taiwan Rakuten Ichiba, Inc.
Ukraine
Eastern Enterprises, LLC
United Arab Emirates
Rakuten Symphony MEA FZ-LLC
U.S.A.
Ebates Inc.
U.S.A.
RAKUTEN ABC GOLF, LLC
U.S.A.
Rakuten Insight USA Co., Ltd.
U.S.A.
Rakuten Marketing LLC
U.S.A.
Rakuten USA, Inc.
U.S.A.
Robin Systems, Inc.
U.S.A.
Viki, Inc.
Vietnam
Rakuten Fintech Vietnam Co., Ltd.
BCR Policy
English
Japanese
Spanish
German
French
Portugese
Italian
Chinese - Simplified
Chinese - Traditional
Korean
UK BCR Policy
English
Japanese
Contact Us
If you have any questions about Rakuten’s Privacy Policy or Privacy Center, please contact us here.
Inquiry Form
If you have any questions about Rakuten’s services, please click here to contact us.
List of FAQ and inquiries (Japanese)
Page Top
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Cookie Policy
Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. The preferences you chose will be stored in a separate cookie that is stored uniquely on your device. In case you visit our site from another device, use a different browser or after resetting your current browser, those settings are lost, and you need to change these settings again.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work properly in that case.
The data collected within our Strictly Necessary cookies is not used for tracking purposes; therefore, it is not used for advertising nor shared with companies that sell or trade data.
Functional
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and display customized videos and images. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance and Analytics
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us understand which pages are the most and least popular and learn how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label