Privacy Policy
Last updated October 10, 2021
Effective October 10, 2021
Our Privacy Commitment
Kiragames respects your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting your
                            personal information. We are also committed to providing additional protections for children
                            who visit and/or use our Services.
Kiragames’ Apps covered by this Privacy Policy include any mobile applications (“apps”)
                            displaying or linking to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the
                            apps and does NOT apply to information that may be collected by Kiragames on our website or
                            offline. At this time, we do not collect any information when you use our website.
Kiragames reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or
                            modify this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, simply by posting such change, update or
                            modification on the apps. Any such change, update or modification will be effective
                            immediately upon posting on the apps. Your continued use of any of our apps will signify
                            your acceptance of these changes.
1. Scope
Our Privacy Policy applies to the collection and processing of personal information by The
                            Kiragames Co., Ltd., and our subsidiaries and affiliated company’s action on our behalf
                            (“Kiragames” or “we”, “us”, or “our”). This Privacy Policy applies only to personal
                            information collected about you as a consumer through the Kiragames network of apps,
                            features, services, events, and communications provided by Kiragames where this Private
                            Policy is posted (“Services”). This policy does not apply to human resources data or the
                            “Kiragames” website.
Our international affiliates and third-party websites or apps that our Services link to, or
                            with whom we may have a presence, or with whom we may license use of our trademarks and
                            copyrights, may collect and use personal information for their own purposes. Where they do
                            so, their respective privacy policies apply. Please review the respective terms and privacy
                            policies of these entities to learn how they process your personal information.
2. Information Collected
We process data and analytics about the use of our services such as in-game play progress,
                            levels, games played, session length, preferred settings, in-game adverts, in-game
                            preferences, game preferences, the means to use the services, device types, the operating
                            systems, and internet service providers, and general geographic location. . For example, we
                            retrieve Daily Active Users (DAU) and device type from Google Analytics and Apple, so we can
                            understand how many users playing our games daily and from what devices our games are being
                            accessed. We also process data in relation to coarse location, gameplay content, identifiers
                            (user id & device id), purchase history, usage data (product interaction & advertising
                            data), and diagnostics.
We may access or receive information about the ways you use and interact with our Services
                            through third parties services, individuals, and the intermediaries as discussed above and
                            in section 8.
Purpose of Processing
Categories of Personal Data
Lawful Basis (under the GDPR)
Analytics
Coarse location, gameplay content, identifiers (user id & device id),
                                            purchase
                                            history, usage data (product interaction
                                            & advertising data), and diagnostics
Legitimate interest in understanding user’s use of the Services
Product development
Coarse location, gameplay content, identifiers (user id & device id),
                                            purchase
                                            history, usage data (product interaction
                                            & advertising data), and diagnostics
Legitimate interest in developing the Services offered
Advertising
Coarse location, gameplay content, identifiers (user id & device id),
                                            purchase
                                            history, usage data (product interaction
                                            & advertising data), and diagnostics
Legitimate interest in advertising on the app
3. Use of Cookies, Flash Cookies, Web Beacons, and Similar Technologies
We collect personal data and we may use SDKs, cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, and
                            similar technologies to collect your personal information.
4. Third Parties Services
We employ third party companies and affiliates to facilitate our Services, to provide the
                            Services on our behalf, to perform service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how
                            our service is used (such as Facebook, Apple, Google Analytics and Amazon). We may collect
                            certain information when you use our Services through these third-party service providers
                            and affiliates, for example, when you connect your account to third-party services or sign
                            in using a third-party partner (like Google Play Game Services, or iOS Game Center).
Below is the list of some, but not all, business partners that we actively share users’
                            information such as coarse location, gameplay content, identifiers (user id & device id),
                            purchase history, usage data (product interaction & advertising data), and diagnostics. The
                            data is used for third-party advertising and analytics purposes, and it is linked to the
                            user's identity and is used for tracking purposes:
Admob (Google) Location: The United States of America (USA)
Read their Privacy Policy
Crashlytics/Fabric (Google) Location: The United States of America (USA)
Read
                                    their Privacy Policy
Flurry Analytics (Yahoo) Location: The United States of America (USA)
Read their
                                    Privacy Policy
Ironsource Headquartered Location: Israel
Read
                                    their Privacy Policy
UnityAds Headquartered Location: The United States of America (USA)
Read their Privacy Policy
Vungle Headquartered Location: The United States of America (USA)
Read their Privacy Policy
From time to time we may transfer personal data outside the EEA. Such transfer will be
                            subject to appropriate safeguards in accordance with the Data Protection Laws and in
                            accordance with this Privacy Policy. Further details may be obtained by emailing
info@kiragames.com
.
5. Who We Share Information With
We may provide your information to third party companies to perform certain services,
                            including but not limited to hosting services, payment processing, analytics and to assist
                            us in our marketing efforts. Where we share your information with third-party service
                            providers and business partners, we ensure that we have appropriate agreements in place to
                            protect your information as required by applicable data protection laws.
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties for the following purposes:
With service providers that perform services on our behalf, including the ones
                                referenced
                                above under “Third Party Services”;
With our affiliates;
For analytics and research purposes;
To satisfy any applicable laws, regulations or legal requirement;
To protect our or a third party’s legal rights or to defend against a legal claim;
As part of a business transfer such as a merger, acquisition, or at bankruptcy;
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers,
                                publishers,
                                business partners, sponsors, and other third parties; and
We may use analytics services provided by third parties, including Facebook, Apple,
                                Google
                                Analytics and Amazon.
6. How Long Do We Keep Your Information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary in relation to the reason
                            that we hold it. The criteria used to determine our data retention periods include: (a) the
                            length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you; (b) whether there is a legal
                            obligation to which we are subject; and (c) whether retention is advisable in light of our
                            legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or
                            regulatory investigations).
7. Children
Our Services are not intended to be used by children under the age of 18.
8. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a European Union regulation (2016/679).
                            It came into force on the 25th of May 2018. The aim of GDPR is to protect and enhance all EU
                            citizens’ data privacy rights. GDPR applies to anyone that holds or processes the data of an
                            EU citizen, regardless of where the person/company processing that data is based.
                            Information on the lawful basis for processing your personal data under the GDPR is set out
                            below.
Purpose of Processing
Categories of Personal Data
Lawful Basis (under the GDPR)
Analytics
Coarse location, gameplay content, identifiers (user id & device id),
                                            purchase
                                            history, usage data (product interaction
                                            & advertising data), and diagnostics
Legitimate interest in understanding user’s use of the Services
Product development
Coarse location, gameplay content, identifiers (user id & device id),
                                            purchase
                                            history, usage data (product interaction
                                            & advertising data), and diagnostics
Legitimate interest in developing the Services offered
Advertising
Coarse location, gameplay content, identifiers (user id & device id),
                                            purchase
                                            history, usage data (product interaction
                                            & advertising data), and diagnostics
Legitimate interest in advertising on the app
9. Your Rights If You Are Located the EU
If You Are Located in the EU:
The GDPR provides certain rights to individuals including:
The right to receive detailed information on the processing of your personal data;
The right of access to personal data;
The right to rectify or erase personal data (known as the “right to be forgotten”);
The right to restrict processing;
The right of data portability;
The right to object to processing based on legitimate interests); and
The right to object to automated decision making, including profiling.
These rights may be subject to certain exemptions and may be restricted in certain
                            circumstances and pursuant to the law in your jurisdiction.
If you have any questions on how we process your data or wish to exercise any of your rights
                            please contact
info@kiragames.com
. We would hope
                            that we may resolve any issue that you
                            might have, however you also always have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant
                            data protection supervisory authority in your jurisdiction if you are located in the EU.
If You Are Located in California:
Under the CCPA, you have the right to request a copy of your data, request we send your data
                            to a third party or that we delete your data. All of these rights are subject to
                            limitations.
Based on the CCPA’s broad definition of the term “sale,” certain data collection on our
                            Services by third parties for purposes of interest-based advertising and social media tools
                            may be a “sale” under the CCPA. You have the right to request that we do not sell your
                            information.
If you have any questions on how we process your data or wish to exercise any of your rights
                            please contact:
info@kiragames.com
.
10. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time in response to changing legal, technical or
                            business developments. If we make a change to how we collect, use, or share your personal
                            information, we will describe the changes, and, if required by law, seek your consent for
                            such changes. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform
                            you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. Therefore, please review this
                            Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are aware when any changes are made to it.
11. Legal disclaimer
This Privacy Policy only covers the way we treat personal information and non-personal
                            information we collect on the Services. You should be aware that our website may from time
                            to time contain links to third-party websites.
Kiragames is not responsible for
                                    the privacy
                                    practices or the content of such sites. If you are concerned about the privacy
                                    policy of a
                                    certain third party, we recommend that you read the privacy policy of the site to
                                    which you
                                    link before you submit any personal information. By accessing any external sites,
                                    you agree
                                    to the privacy policies of those sites.
12. Contact Information
All questions, comments or enquiries should be directed to Kiragames at
info@kiragames.com
.