for using Kulemba’s Apps, User Accounts, and Websites
Effective as of 01 July 20
20
At Kulemba GmbH we are committed to ensuring and protecting your privacy at any time you are using our apps, websites, or registered via your
email or Facebook account on our communication platform “Kulemba Hub” (in the following “platform” or “Kulemba Hub”) which is part of our apps and websites.
We process personal data exclusively in compliance with the statutory provisions of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the national data protection regulations based thereon, and the Austrian Telecommunications Act (TKG).
In this privacy policy, we therefore inform you about the most important aspects of data processing in connection with the use of our apps or in the case of your visit to our websites. We provide you with a detailed overview of how we use your information that you provide us with or that we lawfully obtain in accordance with the conditions set out herein.
1. What personal data do we collect from you?
Data can be collected and processed when our platform (Kulemba Hub), apps, or website is used by you. The following are approved methods of collection:
Email addresses:
If you sign up via your email account we collect the email address and the user name information provided.
Facebook account information:
If you sign up via your Facebook account we can collect the information you make available during your signup. Facebook will always show you which information we may access.
User-generated content:
If you use our apps or websites to create content we collect and process all content created by you. For example: photos, lists, bookmarks, saved places, ratings, reviews, notes, … generated by you.
Mobile app usage logs:
If you use our apps collect app usage data. Including in app or user behavior data, crash data. Actions done in the app like map searches, poi searches, and any other searches, taps on buttons, usage of app features, date and time of the usage, timezone, phone and operating system information, language settings of your phone, as well approximate location data deferred from your IP.
Website usage logs:
If you use our apps or websites we collect server logs. Including website user behavior data. Actions done on our websites like searches, general behaviour, clicks on buttons or links, date and time of the request, timezone, access state, HTTP(S) status code, browser settings and browser info, operating system information, browser language settings, approximate location data deferred from your IP, referrer website information, web search information.
Server logs:
If you use our apps or websites we collect server logs. Including date and time of the request, request transaction time, data transferred, access state, HTTP(S) status code.
Precise location information:
If you consent then we collect, share, and process precise location information, also through third party software components (mobile “SDKs”).
Device identifiers and IP addresses:
If you use our apps we collect your mobile device identifier (such as the iOS UDID or Android Advertising ID) and ip address, if you use our websites we collect your IP address.
2.
Legal basis and purpose of data processing
Your data will be stored and processed solely for the purpose of offering our platform, our apps and related services to you and to offer and improve our websites.
Contract fulfillment: The processing of your
email addresses
, your
Facebook account data
, or the
user-generated content
provided by you is required to fulfill the contract (article 6 (1) (b) GDPR): We collect your data for processing, if you voluntarily decide to enter this data. Your data will therefore be processed if you enter it in our apps or websites, e.g. because you use one of our apps and create content (photos, lists, bookmarks, saved places, ratings, reviews, notes etc). In this case, your created data will be processed solely for the purpose of carrying out the respective service and are therefore necessary for the fulfillment of the App Usage Agreement.
Legitimate interest: We have legitimate interest in the processing of
mobile app
and
website usage logs
,
server logs
,
device identifiers and IP addresses
(article 6 (1) (f) GDPR). We use this data for the proper operation of our apps, platform and websites, in particular to detect and eliminate errors. Our legitimate interest within the meaning of the GDPR is also the security and optimization of our services and websites. In this case, we also provide data for statistical and analytical purposes, as well as for the optimization of interest-based advertising to third parties in order to improve our services and products (see Annex).
Ultimately, we have legitimate interest in processing
email addresses, Facebook account data, user-generated content, mobile app logs
and
website usage logs
and for direct marketing purposes. Only data that you voluntarily make available to us and that we dispose of from the contractual relationship are processed. The primary goal of this data processing is customer retention and customer acquisition. We may use this information to notify you about updates, notifications about our apps, products or services that may be of interest to you. We may use your information to recommend services, products, or offers related to travel on our platform, within our apps or websites. Furthermore, we will send your contact details (email address) to selected external service providers, as these provide email and message service services in connection with direct mail advertising purposes (see Appendix).
Explicit consent: If you explicitly consent in our apps, we process precise location data also with the help of third-party software components (mobile “SDKs”), we may use precise location data by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and share location data with third parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance) analytics and research including research to benefit non-profit causes (siehe Appendix). We will ask for your explicit consent before using or sharing location informations. You are not required to consent and you can withdraw it at any time (see section 3).
3.  Opt out
Interest based advertising:
You can opt out from any interest-based advertising any time. On iOS: Go to the settings of your device, then to Privacy, Advertising and then tap on “Limit Ad-tracking”. On Android: Go to Google Settings, then Ads, and then tap on “Opt out of interest-based ads”. When you have opted out using this setting on a device,  advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests. Certain app services may lose functionality as a result.
Mobile app usage tracking:
You can opt out from Kulemba tracking your app usage by setting the “Usage tracking” switch to off in the app’s “settings screen”. The app’s “settings screen” can be found in the app by opening the profile screen (on iOS) or opening the drawer (on Android).
Precise location information collection:
You can switch off access to location information for the app at any time in the settings screen of your device. Certain app services may lose functionality as a result. You can switch off upload of precise location data to our and partner servers at any time by setting the “Location tracking” switch to off in the app’s “settings screen”. The app’s “settings screen” can be found in the app by opening the profile screen (on iOS) or opening the drawer (on Android).
Push message:
You can switch off push messages from for the app at any time in the settings screen of your device. Certain app services may lose functionality as a result.
Email:
You can opt out from receiving emails from Kulemba at any time by clicking on “unsubscribe” in the footer of any email. Certain app services may lose functionality as a result.
Delete your profile:
You can delete your user profile at any time by opening your Profile screen. Then clicking on your profile and then clicking on “Delete Profile”. Attention: If you delete your profile all your profile data, including saved places and lists will be lost and certain app services may lose functionality as a result.
4.
Storing and processing your personal data / data protection
We process personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live or outside the European Union if you live in the European Union. We take all reasonable processes to ensure your data is secure and in agreement with our Privacy Policy as outlined here.
We use secured servers to ensure proper data storage. All communication containing personal information is kept encrypted for safety measures.
Transmission of data on the Internet can never be ultimately secure. We do not and cannot guarantee security of information collected electronically or transmitted; however, we take all necessary steps to provide the best security available. As a result of our inability to guarantee safety, you are submitting information to us at your own risk. Where needed a password may be necessary to access areas of our apps or website. You are responsible for the safety and confidentiality of the password you generate.
5.
Disclosing your information
In addition to the cases mentioned in section 2, your data may be passed on to third parties under the following conditions:
This disclosure occurs when we sell all or a section of our business or assets to a third party.
Personal information can be offered to any member of our company, such as subsidiaries, holding companies and their subsidiaries only if deemed appropriate.
Legal requirements may mean a sharing of your information.
6.
Third party links
Any third party web site or app that can be accessed through our platform, our apps or our web pages generally has an own privacy policy. We recommend that you check the conditions defined there. Our privacy policy therefore does not apply to websites or apps that are accessible via hyperlink on our platform (Kulemba Hub), in our apps or on our websites. The content of the linked pages or apps are the sole responsibility of their operators. We expressly exclude any liability and responsibility for the handling of third parties with your data. We point out that third-party websites or apps are beyond our control, we have no control over their data and data processing activities, nor are we aware of the scope of the data collection, the purposes and the retention periods.
8. Contact Informations and Rights
You have a right to information about the personal data that we process (Article 15 of the GDPR), the right to rectification (Article 16 of the GDPR), Deletion (Article 17 GDPR) and the restriction of personal data processing (Article 18 GDPR).
In this case, please contact Kulemba GmbH, Mariahilferstraße 93/20 1060 Vienna, Austria, or send an email to help@kulemba.com .
Furthermore, you have a right to appeal to the
Austrian Data Protection Authority,
Wickenburggasse 8-10, 1080 Vienna,
phone: +43 1 52 152-0,
email: dsb@dsb.gv.at
as the competent supervisory authority.
9. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Updates of our Privacy Policy may be completed frequently, thus you should peruse this Policy habitually.
APPENDIX:
For the purpose of contract fulfillment (see section 2a), we work with partners who process personal data for us. These are the following partners:
—
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
, 1200 12th Avenue South, Suite 1200, Seattle, WA 98144, USA,
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
—
Facebook Inc
., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA,
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
—
Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA,
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Due to legitimate interest (see section 2b), we work together with partners who process personal data for us. These are the following partners:
—
adjust GmbH
, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany,
https://www.adjust.com/gdpr/
—
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
, 1200 12th Avenue South, Suite 1200, Seattle, WA 98144, USA,
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
—
Facebook Inc
., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA,
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
—
Google Inc.
, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA,
https://policies.google.com/privacy
After your consent (see section 2c), we work with partners who process personal data (especially location data). These are the following partners:
—
X-Mode Social Inc.
, 11955 Freedom Dr, Reston, VA 20190, USA,
http://xmode.io/privacy-policy.html
—
Safegraph Inc.
, 182 Howard Street, Suite 842, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA,
https://www.safegraph.com/privacy-policy
—
Unacast Inc.
, 12 East 33rd Street, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10016, USA,
https://www.unacast.com/privacy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/&sa=D&ust=1527157976931000:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.
Sub-policy 1
http://xmode.io/privacy-policy.html:
X-Mode Privacy Policy
Redirecting to latest policy...
Click
here
if you are not automatically redirected
Sub-policy 2
https://www.safegraph.com/privacy-policy:
Why SafeGraph
Data for innovators
Why leading developers choose SafeGraph data
A modern data partner
How we support your innovations
Featured content
GUIDE
Geospatial Data: A Comprehensive Guide
Data
Places
Premium global POI data
Geometry
Reduce attribution errors with high-quality building footprint data
Attributes
Deeper precision and context in your places data
Integrations
Delivery to your preferred environment
Pricing
Datasets and terms that fit your needs
Featured content
Whitepaper
A Technical Guide to SafeGraph Places Data
GUIDE
SafeGraph’s Data Evaluation Checklist
Resources
Blog
The latest SafeGraph and data industry insights
Case Studies
How industry leaders are using SafeGraph data
Podcast
The World of DaaS with CEO Auren Hoffman
Data Visualizations
See what you can build with Places data
Guides
In depth articles about geospatial data and how to use it
Featured content
BLOG
Top 10 Uses of Geospatial Data + Where to Get It
case study
Clear Channel Europe Uses SafeGraph Data to Fuel More Targeted, Higher Performing OOH Ad Campaigns
Docs
Schedule a demo
Schedule a demo
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 1, 2023
Introduction.
SafeGraph LLC (“SafeGraph”) values and respects the privacy of users, and we work hard to do just that. This Privacy Policy includes substantial revisions from past versions to better reflect our current practices and products, which focus on data about physical locations - not identifiable individuals. Like many companies, however, SafeGraph collects certain personal information from people interested in our products and services, through our website, or from third-party entities in connection with SafeGraph’s direct-to-consumer services.  This Privacy Policy applies to Information collected by SafeGraph and sets forth SafeGraph’s commitment to you to protect the privacy of that Information. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy to understand the Information we collect and how we collect it, why we collect it, how we use it, and the choices available to you to manage your privacy.
We periodically revise this Privacy Policy to reflect our practices and account for new and evolving laws that govern privacy. This Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations.
Who we are.
SafeGraph is a data-as-a-service company. Our sole mission is to provide the most trusted data about physical places around the world. We believe open access to high-veracity, ethically, and transparently sourced data about physical places is crucial to innovation and technological advancement.
Our Offerings.
When we use the term “SafeGraph Services”, we are referring to the datasets that we offer (detailed explanations of each data product are available on our public website: https://docs.safegraph.com/docs). We do not collect Information directly from natural persons to develop SafeGraph Services. SafeGraph aggregates data collected from third party data sources to develop the SafeGraph Services, such as products reflecting trends in consumer transactions at a certain retail store over or at a given time. Our customers – a variety of companies and organizations – use SafeGraph Services for commercial and research purposes, including retail site selection (e.g., determining where to open a new restaurant) and market research (e.g., analyzing general consumer purchasing trends).
Although we may license Information from third parties (e.g., advertising identifiers, such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID) to develop SafeGraph Services, we do not correlate that data with other personal data such as name, phone number, or email address and none of the products we sell include Information. We use filtering mechanisms and other privacy enhancing measures to remove any Information from our products and require our customers to commit to not reidentifying anonymized or aggregated data.
Covered Information.
When we use the term “Information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to an individual or household. It does not include aggregated or de-identified information that is maintained in a form that is not capable of being associated with or reasonably linked to an individual.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We obtain Information in three main ways: (1) Information you choose to provide directly to us; (2) Information we collect automatically through technology when you visit our website; and (3) Information we collect from other sources.
‍
1. Information you chose to provide directly to us
When you use our website or otherwise interact with us, you may provide certain Information to us. For example, we may collect Information that you provide when you visit our corporate website (including the website on which this Privacy Policy is posted), such as to express interest in the SafeGraph Services, sign up for our newsletters or similar informative services, or to apply for a job. Some of the most common categories of Information we may collect directly from you include:
Contact Information
, such as name, address, telephone number, email address;
Customer service interaction Information
, such as messages submitted to us through online forms or email, and summaries or voice or video recordings of interactions with our customer service personnel;
Information you provide in connection with surveys, promotional activities, and other outreach
, such as your interests, preferences, demographic data (e.g., gender), and information needed for you to participate and for us to fulfill your participation incentives (if any).
Employment application Information
. If you are applying for a job with SafeGraph, we may collect information such as contact information, background information, and employment qualifications and history.
‍
2. Information from other sources
As is true of most websites, we or third-party platforms with whom we work may automatically collect Information when you visit our website from your desktop computer, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device (“Devices”) that you use to access the website. This Information may include pseudonymized information, such as a unique browser identifier, technical information about your device (such as the device type, operating system, settings and system configurations, IP address, other unique device identifiers, and mobile network information) and your activity on our website, as well as data about the webpages you access, traffic to and from websites, the dates and times associated with transactions, and web log data. We refer to this as “Site Data.”
SafeGraph does not incorporate or sell Site Data as part of our SafeGraph Services. We use Site Data for our internal business purposes, such as marketing, analytics, research, and improving our website and services. Site Data may be correlated with other personal information, such as name or email address.
Our Use of Cookies
. We (or other companies we work with) may collect or associate Site Data using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files that have unique identifiers and reside, among other places, on your Devices, in emails we send to you, and on the web pages of the SafeGraph website. Among other things, cookies help us improve and personalize your use of the SafeGraph website. We may permit certain third parties to place cookies through the SafeGraph website to provide us with better insights into the use of the SafeGraph website and user demographics and to provide relevant advertising for SafeGraph Services to you. These third parties may collect Information related to your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the SafeGraph website.
Our Use of Web Beacons.
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on the SafeGraph website or in emails we send to you. We may use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits to our website, understand usage and effectiveness of offers, and tell whether you open an email and act upon it.
By accessing or using the SafeGraph website, you consent to the placement of cookies on your browsers and devices and the use of web beacons as described in this Privacy Policy. You may block, delete, or disable cookies or web beacons to the extent permitted by your browsers, applications, and Devices as described in more detail below. However, if you do so, the performance of certain features of the SafeGraph website may be limited or not work at all.
3. Information from other sources
We also receive Information from third parties. Sometimes, we receive or license Information (such as email addresses) from vendors or others in our industry, reflecting the contact or other details of potential customers, business partners or prospective employees; we also sometimes collect this information at trade shows and events.  We only use this Information for our internal business purposes and do not incorporate it into SafeGraph Services.
To develop SafeGraph Services we license data from third parties, including Data Suppliers/Brokers who license to us commercially available Information and data.  Examples of such commercially available Information may include data about interactions with third party retail locations, websites, apps, and device data (including mobile device type and advertising identifiers, such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID, and location data, but we do not use or include device data or other Information in SafeGraph Services).
Why We Collect Information
To the extent relevant to applicable law, any of several legal bases may underlie our collection of Information, including:
Contract Performance
. When the processing is necessary to perform our contract with you, which may include providing you with SafeGraph Services or tailoring SafeGraph Services to your preferences.
Legitimate Interests
. When the processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests (or those of our enterprise customers), including but not limited to, providing, developing, improving or marketing the SafeGraph Services.
Consent
. When you have given us your consent to process your Information.
Legal Obligation
. When we have a legal obligation to do so, as described in this Privacy Policy.
‍
How We Use and Share the Information We Collect
We use and share Information:
to provide, develop, operate, and improve SafeGraph Services;
to respond to communications and customer services inquiries;
to market to you and provide you information about new products and events;
for our internal and operational purposes, such as to consider or make internal service improvements or quality checking, or for our own sales and marketing purposes; and
for legal, auditing and accounting purposes, such as (a) to protect or enforce our rights or those of others, (b) to evaluate or enhance the security or quality of our Information, or (c) to investigate potential wrongdoing.
We may disclose Information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to service providers, contractors, and other third parties we use to support our business or perform functions on our behalf;
to a potential or actual buyer, assignee, or other successor (including its related advisors and agents) in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Information held by us about you is among the assets that may be or are actually transferred;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the Information;
with your consent.
We may also disclose Information:
to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any law enforcement, government or regulatory request;
to enforce or apply the engagement agreement and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes;
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others.
Your Choices
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of Information about residents of certain countries, regions or states.  Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise some or all of the following rights:
The Right to Know
. The right to confirm whether we are processing your Information and access to that information.
The Right of Portability
. The right to obtain a copy of the Information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance, subject to certain exceptions as set forth in applicable law.
The Right to Correction
. The right to correct inaccuracies in your Information, taking into account the nature of the Information and the purposes of the processing of the Information.
The Right to Deletion
. The right to have us delete the Information we maintain about you, subject to certain exception as set forth in applicable law.
The Right to Opt-Out of Certain Processing of Information.
The right to opt-out of processing of your Information for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) in some states, profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer.
Right to Non-Discrimination
: Depending on your state of residency, you may also have the right to not receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights.
Submitting Privacy Rights Requests.
To submit a request to exercise one of the privacy rights identified above, please email us at
privacy@safegraph.com
.
We may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. We will only use personal data provided in connection with a Rights Request to review and comply with the request.
Children’s Privacy
We do not intend to collect Information from children under the age of 16. If you believe we have collected Information from a person under the age of 16, please contact us at
privacy@safegraph.com
.
Information Security
SafeGraph uses reasonable measures to protect Information in our possession against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We regularly review our information security, storage, and processing to ensure compliance with industry best practices. However, as no physical or technological safeguards are 100 percent secure, we do not guarantee the security of any particular elements of data that we hold.
Information Retention
We retain your Information only for as long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected. However, if necessary, we may retain your Information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and/or accounting requirements set by a legislature, regulator or other government authority.
To determine the appropriate duration of the retention of Information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of Information and if we can attain our objectives by other means, as well as our legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other applicable obligations.
Once retention of your Information is no longer necessary for the purposes outlined above, we will either delete or de-identify the Information or, if this is not possible (for example, because Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Information and isolate it from further processing until deletion or deidentification is possible.
The GDPR (European and UK Law)
SafeGraph is not established and does not offer products or services involving the collection or sale of “personal data” in European Economic Area (“EEA”) countries or the United Kingdom. We likewise seek not to collect such personal data from our data suppliers. Consequently, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the applicable data privacy laws of the United Kingdom (“UK GDPR”) are not applicable. Should any of the foregoing change, we will update this section of our Privacy Policy.
We may sometimes receive “personal data” from potential customers or business partners located in the EEA or the United Kingdom. If you wish to exercise any of your rights under the GDPR or UK GDPR with respect to this limited set of data (for instance, if you provided us with your business information in the past), please contact us at
privacy@safegraph.com
.
‍
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@safegraph.com
or by writing to us at:
Attention: Office of General Counsel
1580 N Logan St, Ste 660, #53755
Denver, CO 80203
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will change the “Effective” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy frequently so that you are informed of any changes. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification.
Additional Information Disclosures
Sensitive Information
In some instances, we may receive information considered to be “sensitive” under certain privacy laws, including geolocation data.  However, we do not collect this information directly from natural persons to develop SafeGraph Services, and we require our data suppliers to validate that they have obtained all data licensed to us in a lawful manner. SafeGraph does not sell sensitive information or products derived from geolocation data that can identify a person’s location, and we do not process or otherwise share sensitive information for the purpose of targeted advertising.
Further, we do not use any sensitive information to infer characteristics about a consumer.  We use this sensitive information for the purposes set forth in the “How We Use and Share the Information We Collect” section of our Privacy Policy, to enter into and perform a contract with you, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, to protect the life or physical safety of you or others, or as otherwise permissible for our internal business purposes consistent with applicable laws.
Deidentified Data
We may at times receive or process Information to create de-identified data that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified data, we will maintain and use the data in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the data except as required or permitted by law.
Privacy Policy
CCPA Policy
Subscribe to our newsletter
© 2025 SafeGraph
Data for Innovators
A Modern Data Partner
Places
Attributes
Integrations
Pricing
Blog
Case Studies
Podcast
Data Visualizations
Guides
Data Schema
Coverage Statistics
FAQs
Release Notes
Subscribe to our newsletter