info@lisbonlabs.com
|
Privacy Policy
It was last updated on February 2021.
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
This app is intended for use by the whole family including young children with parental participation and supervision.
LisbonLabs recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected from the users of its services, and has adopted this Privacy Policy to inform its users about how it collects and uses the personal information you provide, describing the choices available to you regarding the use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
By downloading the app, you acknowledge that:
- you are at least 18 years old or any older legal age required to form a contract in your jurisdiction;
- you have the right, authority and legal capacity to enter into this agreement;
- you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this privacy policy with respect to yourself and any minor child authorized by you.
If you have not reached the age of majority in your jurisdiction, you must have a parent or legal guardian read and accept this privacy policy on your behalf.
Contact us at info@lisbonlabs.com if you have any question. If you do not wish to be bound by the privacy policy, please exit the service now and do not download, access or use the app. Your agreement with us regarding compliance with these terms of service becomes effective immediately upon commencement of your use of this service.
1. Location Services
We do not request, collect or access your location information.
2. Collection and use
We collect the following personal information from you:
- Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our site you visited;
- Device Information;
As is true of most apps, we can gather information about your device such as your IP address, phorne type, referring/exit pages, and operating system. We use this information to:
- Send you push notifications. If you do not want these notifications, you can manage your preference either through your device or app settings depending on your device type.
- Improve our App and marketing efforts;
- Conduct research and analysis;
- Respond to your questions and concerns;
Information Obtained from Third Parties
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
3. Sharing your info
We do not share your personal data.
4. Tracking and Ads
We or a third party contracted by us may use technologies such as cookies, Web beacons, or scripts to gather information about how you and others interact with our app. For example, we will know how many users access a specific areas or features within our site and which links or ads they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our app is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you.
5. Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our app, you can contact us at info@lisbonlabs.com.
6. Photographs you provide when you use the App
Photographs uploaded via your camera or camera roll (if you have granted us permission to access your camera or camera roll) will only be stored locally on your phone and will not be uploaded to any server without your expressed consent.
We obtain only the specific images you chose to modify using the App; we do not collect your photo albums even if you grant us your access to them.
7. Other information
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at info@lisbonlabs.com.
8.Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
9. Contact
You can contact us about this privacy statement by email us at info@lisbonlabs.com.