Privacy Policy
Vintolo Ltd respects your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting 
any information collected about you. This Privacy Policy defines how we collect 
and use personal and non-personal information in our mobile applications and on our website.
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE OR ANY MOBILE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPED OR PUBLISHED BY VINTOLO LTD, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. 
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR 
OTHERWISE ACCESS OUR WEBSITE OR APPLICATIONS.
We reserve the right to modify this 
Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. 
Your continued use of our applications will signify your acceptance 
of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data:
Vintolo Ltd do not collect any personal data except cases when you submit support form
on our website. I this case we collect your name and e-mail address in order to reply 
to your support request. We will not use the personal information you provide for 
any other purpose or share it with any 3rd-party without your explicit consent 
or when it is required by law.
Non-Personal Data:
Vintolo Ltd may use tools or third-party analytics software to collect and use certain 
non-personal data that does not enable us to identify you. The types of non-personal data 
we may collect and use include, but are not limited to:
mobile device type and device properties;
mobile device software platform and firmware;
game scores and achievements;
other non-personal data as reasonably required by Vintolo Ltd to enhance our services.
Vintolo Ltd may use the collected data for purposes of analyzing usage of our applications, 
managing and providing our applications, and to further develop our services and products. 
Vintolo Ltd reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes 
of advertisement by Vintolo Ltd or our partners.
Links to Third Party Sites or Games
Vintolo Ltd may at its discretion make available links through advertisements or otherwise 
enabling you to access third party sites or games. Please note that, while using such sites or 
games, you are using sites or games developed and administered by people or companies not 
affiliated with or controlled by Vintolo Ltd. Vintolo Ltd is not responsible for 
the actions of those people or companies, the content of their sites or games, the use of 
information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. 
Our link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, 
those people or companies.
February 24, 2019, Vintolo Ltd