English
|
Français
|
Deutsch
|
Italiano
|
繁體中文
|
简体中文
Introduction
Like most businesses, Christie’s holds and processes a range of information about its clients and other persons who may be interested in Christie’s services.
This privacy notice applies to Christie’s globally and explains the type of information that we process, why we are processing it and how that processing may affect you.  If you live in California please also see our California Consumer Privacy Statement (
CCPA Statement
).If you are a resident in China, please also see our
Supplementary China Privacy Notice
which contains additional sections that apply to you.
The privacy notice is split into the sections listed below.  The
Glossary
section explains what we mean by “personal data,” “processing,” and other terms used in this notice.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time and will post any revised notice on this webpage.  Where appropriate, we may notify you by email or by a notice on our website that our privacy notice has changed, but we recommend that you check this page regularly.  Any changes will be immediately effective on posting.
1. Who we are
The Christie’s group of companies is detailed
here
.
When you buy and sell in our auctions or by private sale or purchase other services or goods from us, the controller of your data will be the company or companies shown in your Seller’s Agreement, Conditions of Sale, invoice or agreement.  When you take part in one of our events or attend a course or lecture in person, the saleroom or office running the course or event is the controller of your data.
The controller of data collected through christies.com, education.christies.com, our other websites and apps, online courses and object data is Christie Manson & Woods Ltd.
2. How and when do we collect your personal data?
Collection directly from you in response to our request
Most of the personal data we process about you comes directly from you (whether face to face, over the telephone, on a paper form, by email or online), for example:
when you register to bid in an auction, agree to sell your property through Christie’s or ask us to perform a valuation;
when you express an interest in certain types of property to one of our staff or representatives;
when you subscribe to Christie’s catalogues, newsletters or other publications;
when you sign up on christies.com to receive news about upcoming auctions and events relating to particular areas or complete your profile in your online account;
when you attend a Christie’s live or digital event or participate in one of our courses.
Automatic collection when you telephone bid, call Client Services, visit our premises or our website or attend a digital event
Your voice will be recorded when you call our client service team, and when you use our telephone bidding service.
Your image may be collected by Christie’s if you attend our premises.  We use CCTV at our salerooms and offices for the protection of our staff, our visitors and the property that we sell.  We video our auctions for security reasons and to monitor bidding practices.  Live streaming of our auctions and certain courses is available on our websites (and is also available on social media for certain auctions).  Cameras and microphones recording images and sound for live streaming focus primarily on the auctioneer/presenters and Christie’s specialists but background sound and images may also be captured.  Attendees should inform a member of the Front of House team if they do not wish to be filmed/recorded.
Our digital events and courses generally display and record only the presenters’ images and audio.  Exceptions include discussions such as round tables, certain panels and seminars.  Please contact the event organiser if you have questions about the filming/recording of a particular event or course.
As you interact with our websites, we collect data through cookies and other similar technologies together with technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns.  We may also receive technical data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.  More detail is available below and in our Cookies Policy. You can change your cookies settings at any time by visiting the Cookies Settings page on our website (Cookies Settings).
Collection of data from other sources
We may obtain information about you and/or the property you own or wish to collect from other sources, for example:
when someone informs us that you are authorised to bid on their behalf at Christie’s or collect their property;
when someone introduces you to us (including when they use the LotFinder service to email you details of a lot that they believe may interest you);
when we research artwork or other objects and we find information about you in sources such as newspaper articles, exhibition catalogues, public auction results and other publicly available sources, or one of our contacts gives us feedback in relation to objects or persons they have been told about;
technical data from analytics providers, advertising networks, social media platforms, and similar applications;
identity, contact data and other information from publicly available sources such as company and electoral registries and companies that perform identification, anti-fraud and credit checks or screening for sanctions, anti-money laundering and/or negative media purposes.
Aggregated and special categories of data
We may collect, use and share aggregated data, such as statistical or demographic data.  Aggregated data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law, as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.  For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature.  However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect special categories of personal data unless it is necessary for us to do so to enable us to provide services or access.
3. What personal data do we process and why?
We have set out below the types of personal data that we process, the purposes for which we use it and the legal grounds on which we process it.  The
Glossary
contains more information about the legal grounds for processing.
Purpose
Examples of personal data
(please note that the list is not exhaustive)
Legal grounds for processing
To provide you with requested services
(for example, bidding, selling, valuations, storage, shipping, loans and loan referral, catalogue subscription, restoration, expertise)
name, title, and contact details (including email address, postal address, telephone numbers)
your bank account details (if we need to pay you) or payment card details or bank transfer receipt (if you need to pay us)
the person or organisation who has introduced you, and any fee they receive
details of the property to which the services relate
nature of the services including contractual terms
details of your insurance if your property remains at your risk
financial information
records of your communications with us (including bidding instructions recorded over the telephone or online bidding logs)
Performance of a contract
To evidence our compliance with legal requirements, (for example, knowing our clients and preventing money-laundering, payment of taxation and customs duties, anti-discrimination) and cooperate with regulators, enforcement authorities and the courts
your date of birth, identification documents (including photo) proof of address documents and the results of identification verification checks
the nature of your connection to an organisation (for example, your job title and whether you are a director, shareholder, partner), your source of wealth and whether you are a politically exposed person (PEP) or a family member or close associate of a PEP
details of your past transactions (including any tax paid or tax withheld, and the source of your funds) and/or shipments (including any permits obtained or duties paid)
any requirements relating to Christie’s obligation to make reasonable adjustments to accommodate a disability or otherwise meet your specific needs (This could include sensitive personal data. If you are a resident in China, please also see our “Supplementary China Privacy Notice”.)
any information relating to a dispute or legal proceeding
Compliance with a legal obligation
To keep you, our staff, and property on our premises secure
CCTV images
Contact details
Legitimate Interests
To provide you with details about upcoming auctions, other events or types of property that interest you, and Christie’s wider services
your name, email address and/or postal address
your marketing and communication preferences (in your mychristies account, Christie’s online preference centre, or any hard copy or digital sign up)
Legitimate Interests (for clients who have previously requested or received services)
Consent (for clients who have not requested or received services but have signed up to receive Christie’s news online, at an event, by talking to a member of staff)
To create and maintain records on art objects to assist us (and, in the case of our public records including our online lot pages and online and printed catalogues and the wider public) with checks on authenticity, provenance, title and object value and prevent fraud, theft or other unlawful activities
your interest in, possession of, or ownership (historic or current) of any relevant art object, or similar object
allegations of fraud, theft or other unlawful activities relating to an object connected to you
communications with the police, courts, regulators or other government or law enforcement authorities in relation to you or your object
Legitimate Interests
Public interest
To monitor the performance of our website and to personalise and improve your user experience
Technical data including your internet address, your login data, your browser type, version and operating system, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, data obtained from cookies, web logs and other similar technologies that monitor the use of our website and deliver more appropriate advertisements on or beyond our website
the resources you access on your mychristies account and our wider website including browsing actions, online bidding activity.
Legitimate Interests
To monitor your use of our services, train our staff and improve your client or user experience
your complaints, opinions, responses to our surveys or market research
your voice when you call Christie’s Client Services or use our telephone bidding services
Legitimate Interests
Marketing
We will send you news and information about our services (for example, by email) if you have requested information, or purchased goods or services, from us and you have not opted out.  You can ask us to stop (or start) sending you news and information by contacting
dataprivacy@christies.com
or by following the unsubscribe link in any message.   We do not transfer your personal data to organisations who wish to use it for their own marketing promotions or other purposes.
4. Who gets to see your personal data?
Christie’s Group
Your personal data will be processed by the Christie’s company that initially receives it and may also be transferred to and processed by other companies within the Christie’s group.  See “
Is your personal data transferred internationally?
” below for more information.
Outside the Christie’s Group
We do not transfer your personal data to organisations who wish to use it for their own marketing promotions or other purposes.  Your personal data will only be shared with organisations providing services to us or who need the information to enable us to provide you with services (for example: we may transfer your data to our bank, payment card acquirers, shippers, warehouses, insurers, experts who help us authenticate or value property, companies that perform identification, anti-fraud and credit checks, blockchain analysis or screening for sanctions, anti-money laundering and/or negative media purposes, event venues, caterers, catalogue and direct marketing fulfilment and distribution).  Where we do so it will be on the basis that these organisations are required to keep the information confidential and secure, and they will only use the information to carry out the instructed services.
Where you sell or buy an NFT or pay in cryptocurrency your data will be shared with Christie’s accepted digital wallet and cryptocurrency providers (for the most up-to-date accepted provider list please see the ‘Special Notice’ for the relevant lot you wish to bid on) as necessary to enable us to complete your sale or purchase. Please see these companies’ privacy notices for information on how your personal information will be used. Where you buy an NFT your digital wallet information will be provided to the seller in order to execute the transfer, NFT and cryptocurrency transaction information will also be made available on the blockchain.
Some of these organisations may be located in a different country to the saleroom or office who collected your personal data. See “
Is your personal data transferred internationally?
” below for more information.
We may need to retain and disclose certain information about you to appropriate third parties to conduct anti-money laundering and trade sanction checks, to assist with fraud and crime prevention and detection, to meet finance, tax and any other regulatory reporting requirements, to support health and safety compliance and for research and screening services purposes.  We may also need to disclose information to our financial institutions, insurers or auditors (including for the purposes of evidencing Christie’s compliance with anti-money laundering, sanctions and other relevant regulations, or to enable the organisation to complete  due diligence ) and in the event of a restructure, sale or transfer of our business (or part of it).
If law enforcement or other entities, bodies or persons request disclosure of your personal data (such as your contact details or information about purchases), we will only disclose data if we are satisfied after internal review that we are legally required to do so or that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or the rights of others and is not prohibited by law.
5. Is your personal data transferred internationally?
As a global organisation with a presence in more than 40 countries, Christie’s may in the normal course of its business transfer your personal data internationally to Christie’s salerooms, offices and representatives, and to other organisations who need to process your data in connection with the services that Christie’s provides to you (see
Who gets to see my data?
). Your data will be held on Christie’s servers located in the USA.
The UK, EEA countries, Switzerland, China and the Dubai International Finance Centre (DIFC) all require that certain safeguards are implemented where personal data is transferred internationally to countries which have not been approved by them as providing essentially equivalent data protection standards.  We have approved standard contractual clauses in place to regulate the processing of personal data when it is sent outside of these countries/centres.
If you have any questions or would like further information about how we make personal data available to outside of the countries referred to in the above paragraph please contact us (see
Contact Information below
).
6. How long will we keep your personal data?
We will retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide the relevant services, maintain business records to satisfy tax, legal and other regulatory requirements, and protect and defend against potential legal claims.
In the context of our research and records on ownership of art objects to assist with checks on authenticity, provenance and title, we will keep this data for as long as the record is relevant to our legitimate business interests and the public interest. Please be aware that we do not remove or amend property titles or provenance information once published. Christie’s catalogues and lot pages are important resources for public research, market transparency and, where relevant, supporting object value and, as such, we consider that it is in the interests of sellers and buyers and the public more generally for the published provenance of a property to remain available online to the public indefinitely. We take this approach unless required otherwise by applicable law.
7. How do we keep your personal data secure?
We understand that your personal information is important and we are committed to treating it with the utmost care and security.
We have multiple layers of security technologies and controls in our environment which safeguard your data, while at rest or in transit, from unauthorised access or disclosure.  In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.   They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.   In addition, our colleagues receive data protection training and we have in place detailed security and data protection policies which colleagues are required to follow when handling personal information.
In an ever-altering threat landscape, we are constantly assessing our security defences to ensure your data continues to stay protected.   We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. Third party websites
Christie’s websites may contain links to other websites not operated by Christie’s.  The information you provide to us will not be transmitted to other websites, but these other websites may collect personal information about you in accordance with their own privacy notice.  Christie’s cannot accept any responsibility for the privacy practices or content of those websites.
9. Access to your data and other rights
You may ask us if you have questions about the data we hold on you.  Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.  These include:
The right of access
You may request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you (a “subject access request”).  If you exercise this right and we process personal data about you by automated means or as part of a filing system, once we have verified your identity and, if relevant, the authority of any third-party requestor, we are required to provide you with a description and copy of that personal data and tell you why we are processing it.
Other rights
As well as your subject access right, you may have a legal right to have some or all of your personal data rectified or erased, to object to its processing, or have its processing restricted.
If you have provided us with data about yourself and the grounds for processing is Contract or Consent (see What personal data do we process and why?), you may have the right to be given the data in machine readable format for transmitting to another data controller.
If we are relying on Consent as the grounds for processing your data (see What personal data do we process and why?), you may withdraw consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of Christie’s processing of your data prior to your withdrawal.
Please contact us at
dataprivacy@christies.com
if you would like to exercise any of your rights explained above in relation to your personal data.
Rights for California residents
If you are a California consumer, for more information about your privacy rights, please see our "
California Consumer Privacy Statement
".
Rights for residents in China
If you are a resident in China, please also see our “
Supplementary China Privacy Notice
”.
10.
Contact Information
If you have any queries in relation to Christie’s processing of your personal data please contact us at
dataprivacy@christies.com
.  You can also phone or email our
Client Service team
.
11. Complaints
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the applicable data privacy regulator.  We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you do so please contact us in the first instance using the contract details above. You can also phone or email our
Client Service team
.
Contact details for data privacy regulators can be found online, for example The UK Information Commissioner’s Office:
https://www.ico.org.uk
;  the French Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés:
www.cnil.fr
other EU regulators:
www.edpb.europa.eu
; the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch
; the DIFC Commissioner of Data Protection:
https://www.difc.ae/contact-us/
.
12.
Glossary
Compliance with a legal obligation
- processing is necessary to ensure we comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Consent
– you have given specific consent to the processing of your personal data.
Data Controller
– the person who determines the purposes and means of processing personal data.
EEA
– the European Economic Area which comprises countries that are members of the European Union and Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
Filing System
– a structured set of personal data that is accessible according to specific criteria.
Legitimate Interests
– processing is necessary for our or a third party’s legitimate interests in carrying on, managing and administering our respective businesses effectively and properly (except where our or the third party’s interests are overridden by your own interests, rights and freedoms).
Performance of a contract
– processing is necessary to carry out our contractual duties, exercise our contractual rights or otherwise perform our contract with you, or to take steps at your request to enter a contract.
Personal Data
– any data relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.  This can include names, user ID, location data, email addresses, photographs, job applications, purchase history, user account information, opinions, and correspondence to and from an individual.
Processing
– any operation performed on personal data, such as collection, recording, storage, retrieval, use, combining it with other data, transmission, disclosure or deletion.
Public Interest
– processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
Special category data
– details about race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, health and genetic and biometric data.
Last Update: January 2024
NOTICE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ
Introduction
Au même titre que la plupart des entreprises, Christie’s est amenée à collecter et traiter des données appartenant à ses clients, ainsi qu’à  d’autres personnes susceptibles d’être intéressées par les services proposés par Christie’s.
La présente notice de confidentialité s’applique à Christie’s dans le monde entier et détaille le type de données dont nous assurons le traitement, et la façon dont ce traitement pourrait vous affecter. Si vous vivez en Californie, veuillez également consulter notre Déclaration de Confidentialité à l’attention des Consommateurs de Californie (
Déclaration CCPA
). Si vous résidez en Chine, veuillez également consulter notre Politique de confidentialité supplémentaire pour la Chine qui contient des sections additionnelles qui s’appliquent à vous.
La notice de confidentialité est divisée en plusieurs sections telles que listées ci-dessous.
Le Glossaire
précise ce que nous entendons par « données personnelles », « traitement », ainsi que d’autres termes utilisés dans la présente notice.
Nous pourrons à tout moment mettre à jour cette notice de confidentialité. La notice ainsi mise à jour sera alors publiée sur la présente page Web. Le cas échéant, nous pourrons également vous informer, par e-mail ou par un avis publié sur notre site Web, que la notice de confidentialité a été modifiée. Nous vous conseillons cependant de consulter la présente page régulièrement. Toute modification entre en vigueur dès sa publication.
1.
Qui sommes-nous ?
Le groupe de sociétés Christie’s est présenté en détail
ci-après
.
Lorsque vous faites un achat ou une vente à l’occasion d’une de nos ventes aux enchères ou d’une vente de gré à gré ou lorsque vous nous achetez d’autres biens ou services, le responsable du traitement de vos données sera la société (ou les sociétés) indiquée(s) au sein de votre Mandat de vente, des Conditions générales de Vente, sur une facture ou un contrat. Lorsque vous participez à l’un de nos événements ou assistez en personne à un cours ou une conférence, la salles des ventes ou les bureaux assurant la tenue de ce cours ou de cette conférence ont la qualité de responsable du traitement de vos données.
Le responsable du traitement des données collectées par l’intermédiaire de christies.com, de education.christies.com, de nos autres sites Internet et applications, des cours en ligne et des données sur l’objet est Christie Manson & Woods Ltd.
2.
Comment et quand procédons-nous à la collecte de vos données personnelles ?
Collecte effectuée directement auprès de vous en réponse à une demande de notre part
La plupart des données personnelles vous concernant et que nous traitons nous sont fournies directement par vous (elles sont recueillies soit au cours d’un entretien en personne, par téléphone, sur un formulaire imprimé, ou encore par e-mail ou en ligne), par exemple :
lorsque vous vous inscrivez pour enchérir lors d’une vente, confiez vos biens à Christie’s en vue de leur vente, ou nous demandez de procéder à une estimation ;
lorsque vous exprimez un intérêt pour certains types de biens à un membre de notre personnel ou l’un de nos représentants ;
lorsque vous vous abonnez aux catalogues, aux lettres d’information ou aux autres publications de Christie’s ;
lorsque vous vous inscrivez sur Christies.com pour recevoir des informations sur les prochaines ventes et sur des évènements relatifs à certains domaines ou pour compléter votre  profil sur votre compte en ligne ;
lorsque vous participez à un évènement en live ou en ligne de Christie’s ou assistez à l’un de nos cours.
Collecte automatique lorsque vous enchérissez par téléphone, appelez le service client, visitez nos locaux ou notre site Web ou participez à un événement en ligne
Lorsque vous appelez notre service client ou utilisez notre service d’enchères téléphoniques, la conversation est enregistrée.
Si vous vous rendez dans nos locaux, votre image pourra être recueillie par Christie’s. Nous avons installé un réseau de vidéosurveillance dans nos salles de vente et nos bureaux, à des fins de protection de notre personnel, des visiteurs et des biens que nous vendons. Nos ventes aux enchères sont filmées pour des raisons de sécurité et afin de superviser le déroulement des enchères. Vous pourrez assister à la diffusion en continu de nos enchères et de certains cours en vous rendant sur nos sites Internet (et, pour certaines ventes aux enchères, sur les réseaux sociaux).
Les caméras et les micros enregistrant des images et le son en vue d’une diffusion en continu visent principalement le commissaire-priseur et/ou les présentateurs ainsi que les experts de Christie’s, mais il se peut que le son et les images de l’arrière-plan soient également enregistrés. Si des personnes présentes ne souhaitent pas être filmées et/ou enregistrées, elles doivent en informer un membre de l’équipe d’Accueil.
En règle générale, nos événements et cours en ligne ne présentent et n’enregistrent que les images et le son des présentateurs.
Les exceptions prévues englobent les entretiens comme les tables rondes, certains panels et les colloques.
Lorsque vous utilisez nos sites Internet, nous collectons des données à l’aide de cookies et d’autres technologies similaires ainsi que des données techniques sur votre équipement et vos décisions et habitudes de navigation. Nous pouvons également recevoir des données techniques à votre sujet si vous visitez d’autres sites Internet utilisant nos cookies. Pour en savoir plus, consultez la partie figurant ci-dessous et notre Politique d’utilisation des Cookies. Vous pouvez modifier vos paramètres sur les cookies à tout moment en vous rendant sur la page de notre site Internet consacrée aux Paramètres sur les Cookies (Paramètres sur les Cookies).
Collecte de données via d’autres sources
Nous pouvons collecter des données vous concernant et/ou concernant des biens dont vous êtes propriétaire, ou que vous souhaitez récupérer, via d’autres sources, par exemple :
lorsque quelqu’un nous informe que vous êtes autorisé à enchérir pour son compte chez Christie’s ou à récupérer des biens lui appartenant ;
lorsque quelqu’un vous présente à nous (y compris lorsque cette personne fait usage du service Lotfinder pour vous transmettre par e-mail des informations sur un lot qui, à son avis, est susceptible de vous intéresser) ;
lorsque nous effectuons des recherches sur des œuvres d’art ou d’autres objets et que nous trouvons des informations à votre sujet par le biais de sources telles que des articles de journaux, des catalogues d’exposition, des résultats de ventes aux enchères publiques, d’autres sources placées à la disposition du public, ou encore lorsque l’un de nos contacts nous fournit des informations en lien avec des biens ou des personnes dont ils ont entendu parler ;
des données techniques venant des prestataires de services d’analyse et de réseaux publicitaires, de réseaux sociaux ou toute application similaire ;
des renseignements d’identité, des coordonnées et d’autres informations venant de sources placées à la disposition du public, comme les registres électoraux et des sociétés et les sociétés réalisant des contrôles d’identité, anti-fraude et de solvabilité ou des vérifications ciblant les sanctions, le blanchiment d’argent et/ou la couverture médiatique négative.
Données agrégées et catégories spéciales de données
Nous sommes susceptibles de collecter, d’utiliser et de partager des données agrégées, comme des données statistiques ou démographiques. Les données agrégées peuvent être tirées de vos données personnelles, mais ne sont pas légalement considérées comme des données personnelles, car ces données ne dévoilent pas directement ou indirectement votre identité. Par exemple, nous pouvons agréger vos données d’utilisation pour calculer le pourcentage d’utilisateurs accédant à une fonction spécifique d’un site Internet. Cependant, si nous associons ou regroupons des données agrégées avec vos données personnelles afin qu’elles puissent vous identifier directement ou indirectement, nous considérerons alors les données regroupées comme des données personnelles qui seront utilisées conformément à la présente politique sur la confidentialité.
Nous ne collectons pas des catégories spéciales de données personnelles, sauf si cette mesure est nécessaire pour que nous puissions fournir des services ou accorder un accès.
3. Quelles données personnelles traitons-nous, et pourquoi ?
Nous listons ci-dessous les types de données personnelles que nous traitons, ainsi que les finalités et les fondements légaux de ces traitements.
Le Glossaire
contient des informations complémentaires sur les fondements légaux des traitements de données personnelles.
Objet
Exemples de données personnelles
(nota: il s’agit d’une liste non exhaustive)
Fondements légaux du traitement
Vous fournir les services demandés
(par exemple : enchérir, vendre, estimer, entreposer, transporter, références aux fins d’obtention d’un ou plusieurs prêts, abonnement aux catalogues, restauration, expertise)
nom, titre et coordonnées (y compris adresse e-mail, adresse postale, numéros de téléphone)
votre RIB (pour les sommes que nous vous versons) ou les informations figurant sur votre carte bancaire ou le récépissé du virement bancaire (pour les sommes que vous nous versez)
la personne ou l’organisation qui vous a présenté à nous et toute rémunération qu’elle perçoit pour ce service
des informations sur le bien auquel se rapporte le service
la nature des services, y compris les conditions contractuelles
des informations sur les polices d’assurance souscrites par vous-même, lorsque les biens demeurent assurés par vous
des informations financières
des relevés de vos communications avec nous (y compris des instructions d’enchères enregistrées par téléphone, ou des enregistrements d’enchères en ligne)
Exécution d’un contrat
Démontrer notre conformité aux réglementations en vigueur (par exemple: connaissance de nos clients et prévention du blanchiment de capitaux, paiement de taxes et droits de douane, mesures antidiscriminatoires) et coopérer avec les régulateurs, la police et les tribunaux
votre date de naissance, des pièces d’identité (avec photo), des justificatifs de domicile et les résultats de nos vérifications d’identité
la nature de vos liens avec un organisme (par exemple, l’intitulé de votre poste et le fait de savoir si vous êtes dirigeant, actionnaire ou associé), l’origine de vos revenus et le fait de savoir si vous êtes une personne politiquement exposée (PPE) ou un membre de la famille ou proche partenaire d’une PPE
informations sur des transactions antérieures (y compris taxes versées ou déduites et l’origine de vos fonds) et/ou transport des biens (avec permis obtenus et droits versés)
toutes demandes relatives à l’obligation, pour Christie’s, de prendre des mesures raisonnables pour les personnes handicapées ou pour répondre à vos besoins particuliers
tout renseignement relatif à un différend ou une action en justice
Respect d’une obligation légale
Assurer votre sécurité et votre sûreté ainsi que celles de notre personnel et des biens présents dans nos locaux
images de vidéosurveillance
Vos coordonnées
Intérêts légitimes
Respect d’une obligation légale
Vous transmettre des informations sur de futures ventes aux enchères, ainsi que sur d’autres activités ou des catégories d’objets qui vous intéressent, ou encore, plus généralement, sur des services de Christie’s
vos coordonnées (nom, adresse e-mail et/ou postale)
vos préférences relatives à la réception de communications et au marketing (dans votre compte mychristies, le centre de préférences en ligne de Christie’s, ou sur des formulaires papier ou en ligne)
Intérêts légitimes (pour des clients qui avaient précédemment sollicité ou reçu des services)
Consentement (pour les clients qui n’ont pas sollicité ou reçu de services mais qui se sont enregistrés en ligne ou lors d’un évènement afin de recevoir des informations de Christie’s, ou qui l’ont demandé à un membre du personnel)
Créer et tenir à jour des registres sur des objets d’art, pour nous faciliter (et, dans le cas de nos dossiers publics, y compris nos pages de vente en ligne et nos catalogues en ligne et imprimés, ainsi que le grand public)  les vérifications d’authenticité, de provenance, de propriété et de valeur des objets, et assurer la prévention de fraudes, vols et autres activités illicites.
votre intérêt, titre de propriété (passé ou actuel), ou possession d’un objet d’art ou bien similaire
allégations de fraude, vol ou autres activités illicites relatives à un objet qui vous concerne
communications avec la police, la justice, les organismes de réglementation ou autres autorités compétentes à votre sujet ou au sujet de votre bien
Intérêts légitimes
Intérêt public
Contrôler le fonctionnement de notre site Web et procéder à la personnalisation et à l’amélioration du service qu’il apporte à l’utilisateur
des données techniques incluant votre adresse Internet, vos identifiants de connexion, votre type de navigateur, le système d’exploitation et sa version, le paramètre sur le fuseau horaire et l’emplacement, les types de plug-in du navigateur et leurs versions, les données obtenues grâce aux cookies, journaux de connexion, et autres technologies similaires qui suivent l’utilisation de notre site Web et qui fournissent des annonces plus pertinentes sur notre site Web et au-delà
les ressources auxquelles vous accédez sur votre compte mychristies et notre site Web général, y compris les actions de navigation et les activités d’enchères en ligne.
Intérêts légitimes
Suivre votre utilisation de nos services, former notre personnel et améliorer votre expérience en tant que client ou utilisateur
vos réclamations, vos avis, vos réponses à nos sondages ou études de marché
votre conversation lorsque vous appelez le Service clients de Christie’s ou vous utilisez notre service d’enchères par téléphone.
Intérêts légitimes
Marketing
Nous vous enverrons des actualités et des informations sur nos services (par exemple, par e-mail) si vous nous avez demandé des informations ou si vous  avez acheté des biens ou des services auprès de nous et que vous n’avez pas choisi de vous désinscrire. Vous pouvez nous demander de cesser (ou de commencer) à vous envoyer des actualités et des informations en contactant
dataprivacy@christies.com
ou en suivant le lien de désinscription figurant dans tout message. Nous ne transférons pas vos données personnelles aux organismes qui souhaitent les utiliser pour leurs opérations promotionnelles de marketing ou autre.
4. Qui peut consulter vos données personnelles ?
Le groupe Christie’s
Vos données personnelles seront traitées par la société du groupe Christie’s qui les reçoit initialement et peuvent également être transmises et traitées par d’autres sociétés du groupe Christie’s. Pour en savoir plus, consultez la partie « Vos données sont-elles transférées à l’étranger ? ».
Hors du groupe Christie’s
Nous ne transmettons pas vos données personnelles à des organisations qui désirent les utiliser à leurs propres fins de marketing, promotion ou autre. Vos données personnelles  seront uniquement partagées avec des organisations qui nous fournissent des services ou qui ont besoin de ces informations pour nous permettre de vous fournir des services (nous pouvons, par exemple, transmettre vos données personnelles à notre banque, aux prestataires de paiement, à des transporteurs, des entrepôts et des compagnies d’assurance, à des experts qui nous assistent dans l’authentification ou l’estimation de biens, à des sociétés qui conduisent des vérifications relatives à l’identité, à la lutte , contre la fraude, à la solvabilité, à l’examen de la blockchain ou aux sanctions, à la lutte contre le blanchiment d’argent et/ou à la couverture médiatique négative, à des sites d’évènements, à des traiteurs ou restaurants, des prestataires et distributeurs de catalogues et de marketing direct). Nous transmettons vos données à ces organisations en considération de leur obligation d’assurer la confidentialité et la sécurité des informations et de ne les utiliser qu’aux fins de l’exécution des services demandés.
Lorsque vous vendez ou achetez un NFT ou payez en crypto-monnaie, vos données seront partagées avec les fournisseurs de portefeuilles numériques et de crypto-monnaies acceptés par Christie's (pour connaitre la liste la plus récente des fournisseurs acceptés, veuillez consulter la « Notice spéciale » du lot sur lequel vous souhaitez enchérir), dans la mesure où cela nous est nécessaire afin de réaliser votre vente ou votre achat. Veuillez consulter les avis de confidentialité de ces sociétés pour savoir comment vos informations personnelles seront utilisées. Lorsque vous achetez un NFT, les informations de votre portefeuille numérique seront fournies au vendeur afin d'exécuter le transfert. Les informations relatives aux NFT et aux transactions en crypto-monnaies seront également disponibles sur la blockchain.
Certaines de ces organisations peuvent être situées dans un pays n’étant pas celui de la salle de ventes ou des bureaux ayant collectées vos données personnelles. Pour en savoir plus, consultez la partie « Vos données sont-elles transférées à l’étranger ? »
Nous pouvons être amenés à conserver et  à divulguer certaines informations vous concernant à des  tiers afin de procéder à des vérifications en matière de lutte contre le blanchiment d’argent et de sanctions commerciales,  de prévenir et de détecter les fraudes et les activités illicites  pour répondre à nos obligations en matière de déclaration financière et fiscale ou d’autres réglementations applicables, pour assurer le respect des règles en matière de santé et de sécurité, ainsi qu’à des fins de recherches et de filtrage. Nous pouvons également être amenés à divulguer des informations à nos institutions financières, assureurs ou auditeurs (notamment pour apporter la preuve de la conformité de Christie’s en matière de lutte contre le blanchiment d’argent, de sanctions ou d’autres applicables pertinentes, ou pour permettre aux ,  organismes d’effectuer   descontrôles préalables ) et en cas de restructuration, de vente ou de transfert de notre entreprise (ou d'une partie de celle-ci).
Si la police ou d’autres entités, organismes ou personnes demandent la divulgation de vos données personnelles (comme vos coordonnées ou des informations sur vos achats), nous ne divulguons ces données qu’après nous être assurés, à la suite d’un examen interne, que nous y sommes légalement obligés ou que cette divulgation est nécessaire à la protection de nos droits ou des droits d’autrui et n’est pas interdite par la loi.
5. Vos données personnelles sont-elles transférées à l’étranger ?
En tant que groupe international exerçant son activité dans plus de 40 pays, Christie’s peut, dans le cadre de l’exercice normal de son activité, transmettre vos données personnelles à l’étranger pour qu’elles parviennent à d’autres salles des ventes ou bureaux Christie’s, à des représentants de Christie’s, ainsi qu’aux autres sociétés qui traitent vos données dans le cadre des services que vous fournit Christie’s (cf. Qui peut consulter vos données personnelles ?). Vos données sont également conservées dans les serveurs de Christie’s aux États-Unis.
Le Royaume-Uni, les pays de l’EEE, la Suisse,  la Chine et le Centre financier international de Dubaï (DIFC) exigent tous que certaines garanties soient adoptées lorsque des données personnelles sont transférées à l’étranger vers des pays qu’ils n’ont pas approuvés comme des pays proposant des normes de protection des données quasi équivalentes. Nous disposons de clauses contractuelles-type homologuées afin de réguler le traitement des données personnelles lorsqu’elles sont envoyées en dehors de ces pays/centres approuvés. Pour toute question ou renseignements complémentaires sur les modalités de transmission de données personnelles en dehors des pays des pays visés précédemment, veuillez nous contacter (voir Coordonnées ci-dessous).
6. Pendant combien de temps conservons-nous vos données personnelles ?
Nous conservons vos données personnelles aussi longtemps que cela est nécessaire pour la prestation des services correspondants, pour tenir une documentation commerciale répondant aux obligations fiscales, légales et réglementaires diverses, et à des fins de protection et de défense contre d’éventuelles actions en justice.
Dans le contexte de nos recherches et de nos registres sur la propriété des objets d’art visant à faciliter nos vérifications d’authenticité, de provenance et de titre de propriété, nous conserverons ces données tant que cela est pertinent au vu de nos intérêts commerciaux légitimes et de l’intérêt public. Sachez que nous ne supprimons ni ne modifions les titres de propriété ou les informations sur la provenance des biens une fois publiés. Les catalogues et pages de vente ligne de Christie’s sont des ressources importantes pour la recherche publique, la transparence du marché et, le cas échéant, le soutien de la valeur des objets et, à ce titre, nous considérons qu’il est dans l’intérêts des vendeurs et des acheteurs, ainsi que du grand public, que la provenance publiée d’un bien reste disponible en ligne publiquement et indéfiniment. Nous adoptons cette approche à moins que la loi applicable n’en dispose autrement.
7. Comment veillons-nous à la sécurité de vos données personnelles ?
Nous comprenons que vos informations personnelles sont importantes et nous nous engageons à en assurer le traitement en observant les conditions de sécurité et de diligence les plus strictes.
Nous disposons, dans notre environnement de plusieurs strates de technologies et de contrôles relatifs à la sécurité, qui mettent vos données, lorsqu’elles sont en transit ou au repos, à l’abri d’une divulgation ou d’un accès non autorisé. En outre, nous limitons l’accès à vos données personnelles aux salariés, mandataires, entrepreneurs et autres tiers ayant commercialement besoin d’en avoir connaissance. Ils se contenteront de traiter vos données personnelles en exécution de nos instructions et sont tenus par un devoir de confidentialité. Par ailleurs, nos collègues sont formés en protection des données et nous avons adopté des politiques détaillées relatives à la sécurité et à la protection des données que nos collègues doivent respecter lorsqu’ils traitent des informations personnelles.
Compte tenu de l’évolution constante de certaines menaces, nous procédons régulièrement à l’évaluation de nos défenses de sécurité pour veiller à ce que vos données continuent d’être protégées. Nous avons mis en place des procédures chargées de traiter toute atteinte suspectée aux données personnelles et, lorsque nous y sommes légalement obligés, nous porterons cette atteinte à votre connaissance et à celle de tout régulateur compétent..
8. Sites Web de tiers
Les sites Web de Christie’s peuvent contenir des liens vers d’autres sites Web non exploités par Christie’s. Les informations que vous nous fournissez ne sont pas transmises à d’autres sites Web, mais ces autres sites Web pourront recueillir des données personnelles vous concernant, conformément à leur propre notice de confidentialité. Christie’s décline toute responsabilité s’agissant des pratiques de confidentialité ou du contenu de ces sites Web.
9. Accès à vos données et droits divers
Vous pouvez nous contacter si vous avez des questions concernant les données que nous conservons vous concernant.
Dans certains cas, des droits vous sont conférés par les lois sur la protection des données et portant sur vos données personnelles. Ils comprennent ce qui suit :
Le droit d’accès
: vous pouvez solliciter une copie des données personnelles vous concernant dont nous disposons(une « Demande d’Accès »). Si vous exercez ce droit et que nous traitons des données vous concernant, de manière automatisée ou dans le cadre d’un système de classement, nous sommes tenus de vous fournir une description et une copie de ces données personnelles et de vous préciser pourquoi nous les traitons, après avoir vérifié votre identité et, le cas échéant, l’habilitation du demandeur tiers.
Autres droits
En plus de votre droit d’accès, vous pourriez également  disposer d’un droit de rectification ou de suppression sur tout ou partie de vos données personnelles, d’opposition à leur traitement ou obtenir que leur traitement soit restreint.
Si vous nous avez fourni des données vous concernant et que nous les traitons sur le fondement d’un contrat ou de votre Consentement (cf. Quelles données personnelles traitons-nous, et pourquoi ?), vous pourriez être en droit de recevoir ces données dans un format lisible par une machine en vue leur transmission à un autre Responsable de traitement.
Si nous traitons vos données sur le fondement de votre Consentement (cf. Quelles données personnelles traitons-nous, et pourquoi ?), vous pouvez retirer votre consentement à tout moment, sans que ceci n’affecte la licéité du traitement de vos données par Christie’s antérieurement à ce retrait.
Veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse dataprivacy@christies.com si vous souhaitez exercer l’un quelconque des droits décrits ci-dessus en lien avec vos données personnelles.
Droits des personnes résidant en Californie
Si vous êtes résident de l’Etat de Californie et souhaitez en savoir plus sur vos droits en matière de confidentialité, veuillez consulter la « Déclaration de Confidentialité à l’attention des Consommateurs de Californie ».
Droits des personnes résidant en Chine
Si vous résidez en Chine, veuillez également consulter notre « Politique de confidentialité supplémentaire pour la Chine ».
10. Coordonnées
Si vous avez des questions concernant le traitement de vos données personnelles par Christie’s, veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse dataprivacy@christies.com. Vous pouvez également contacter notre Service client par téléphone ou e-mail.
11. Réclamations
À tout moment, vous avez le droit de déposer une réclamation auprès du régulateur compétent en matière de confidentialité des données. Cependant, nous souhaiterions avoir la possibilité d’aborder vos préoccupations avant que vous ne preniez une telle mesure ; nous vous saurions ainsi gré de nous contacter préalablement en utilisant les coordonnées figurant ci-dessus. Vous pouvez également contacter notre Service client par téléphone ou e-mail.
Les coordonnées des autorités de régulation de la protection des données peuvent être trouvées en ligne, par exemple, le Commissariat à l'information du Royaume-Uni: https://ico.org.uk/; la Commission nationale de l'informatique et des libertés : www.cnil.fr,  les autres régulateurs de l’UE  www.edpb.europa.eu, le Commissaire fédéral suisse à la protection des données et à la transparence : www.edoeb.admin.ch; le Commissaire à la protection des données du Centre financier international de Dubai https://www.difc.ae/contact-us/.
12.
Glossaire
Catégorie spéciale de données
– les précisions sur la race ou l’appartenance ethnique, les croyances religieuses ou philosophiques, la vie sexuelle, l’orientation sexuelle, les opinions politiques, le statut de membre à un syndicat ainsi que les données sanitaires, génétiques et biométriques.
Consentement
– vous avez fourni votre consentement spécifique au traitement de vos données personnelles.
Données personnelles
– toutes données relatives à une personne physique identifiée ou identifiable, y compris, entre autres: nom et prénom, identifiant de l’utilisateur, données de localisation, adresses e-mail, photos, candidatures à un poste, historique d’achats, informations sur le compte utilisateur, avis et opinions, correspondance émise par une personne ou reçue par cette dernière.
EEE
– Espace économique européen, comprenant les pays membres de l’Union européenne, ainsi que la Norvège, l’Islande et le Liechtenstein.
Exécution d’un contrat
– le traitement est nécessaire à l’exécution de nos obligations contractuelles, à l’exercice de nos droits contractuels, à l’exécution de notre contrat avec vous, ou encore à la conclusion d’un contrat à votre demande.
Intérêts légitimes
- le traitement est nécessaire aux fins de notre intérêt légitime ou celui d’un tiers à l’exécution, la gestion et l’administration de nos activités respectives, de façon efficace et opportune (excepté dans les cas où nos intérêts ou ceux de tiers sont surpassés par vos propres intérêts, droits et libertés).
Intérêt public
– le traitement est nécessaire à l’accomplissement d’une tâche effectuée dans l’intérêt public.
Respect d’une obligation légale
– le traitement est nécessaire au respect de nos obligations légales et réglementaires.
Responsable de traitement
- personne déterminant les finalités et les moyens du traitement de données personnelles.
Système de classement
– ensemble structuré de données personnelles, auquel il est possible d’accéder moyennant certains critères spécifiques.
Traitement
– toute opération effectuée sur des données personnelles, notamment la collecte, l’enregistrement, le stockage, l’extraction, l’utilisation, la combinaison de ces données avec d’autres données, la transmission, la divulgation ou la suppression.
Dernière mise à jour :  Janvier 2024
DATENSCHUTZHINWEIS
Allein aus Gründen der besseren Lesbarkeit wird auf eine geschlechtsspezifische Schreibweise verzichtet.
Alle personenbezogenen Begriffe auf dieser Website sind daher als geschlechtsneutral zu verstehen.
Einleitung
Wie die meisten Unternehmen hält und verarbeitet Christie‘s eine Vielzahl von Daten über seine Kunden und andere Personen, die ein Interesse an den Dienstleistungen von Christie‘s haben könnten.
Dieser Datenschutzhinweis, der für Christie's weltweit gilt, enthält Erläuterungen dazu, welche Art von Daten wir verarbeiten, warum wir sie verarbeiten und inwiefern diese Verarbeitung Sie betreffen kann.  Wenn Sie in Kalifornien ansässig sind, lesen Sie bitte auch unsere kalifornischen Datenschutzhinweise  (
CCPA Statement
). Wenn Sie in China ansässig sind, lesen Sie bitte auch unsere ergänzenden Datenschutzhinweise für China, die zusätzliche Abschnitte enthalten und die für Sie gelten.
Der Datenschutzhinweis gliedert sich in die unten aufgeführten Teile.  Das Glossar enthält Definitionen der von uns in diesem Datenschutzhinweis verwendeten Begriffe wie „personenbezogene Daten“, „Verarbeitung“ u.a.
Wir können diesen Datenschutzhinweis von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisieren; die Neufassung des Datenschutzhinweises wird dann auf dieser Internetseite veröffentlicht.  Gegebenenfalls unterrichten wir Sie per E-Mail oder mit einem entsprechenden Hinweis auf unserer Internetseite über eine Änderung dieses Datenschutzhinweises. Wir empfehlen Ihnen jedoch, diese Seite regelmäßig zu besuchen.  Alle Änderungen treten mit Veröffentlichung auf der Internetseite umgehend in Kraft.
1. Wer wir sind
Genaue Angaben zur Christie's-Unternehmensgruppe finden Sie
hier
.
Wenn Sie in unseren Auktionen oder im freihändigen Verkauf kaufen und verkaufen oder andere Dienstleistungen oder Waren von uns erwerben, ist der für Ihre Daten Verantwortliche das Unternehmen oder die
Unternehmen, die in Ihrem Verkäufervertrag, den Verkaufsbedingungen, der Rechnung oder dem Vertrag angegeben sind.  Wenn Sie an einer unserer Veranstaltungen teilnehmen oder einen Kurs oder Vortrag persönlich besuchen, ist der Verkaufsraum oder das Büro, das den Kurs oder die Veranstaltung durchführt, der für Ihre Daten Verantwortliche.
Der Verantwortliche für die über christies.com, education.christies.com/, unsere anderen Websites und Apps, Online-Kurse und Objektdaten erhobenen Daten ist Christie Manson & Woods Ltd.
2. Wie und wann erheben wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten?
Erhebung direkt von Ihnen als Antwort auf unsere Anfrage
Die meisten der personenbezogenen Daten, die wir in Bezug auf Sie verarbeiten, haben Sie uns selbst direkt (in persönlichen oder Telefongesprächen, in Papierform, per E-Mail oder online) zur Verfügung gestellt, z.B.:
wenn Sie sich zur Teilnahme an einer Auktion registrieren, den Verkauf Ihrer Objekte durch Christie‘s vereinbaren oder uns beauftragen, eine Schätzung vorzunehmen;
wenn Sie gegenüber unseren Mitarbeitern oder Vertretern ein Interesse an bestimmten Objekten äußern;
wenn Sie Kataloge, Newsletter oder andere Publikationen von Christie‘s abonnieren;
wenn Sie sich auf christies.com anmelden, um Nachrichten zu bevorstehenden Auktionen und Veranstaltungen in bestimmten Gebieten zu erhalten oder Ihr Profil in Ihrem Online-Konto eingeben;
wenn Sie eine Live- oder digitale Veranstaltung von Christie's besuchen oder an einem unserer Kurse teilnehmen.
Automatische Erhebung, wenn Sie ein Telefongebot abgeben, beim Kundendienst anrufen oder unsere Auktionsräume oder unsere Internetseite besuchen oder an einer digitalen Veranstaltung teilnehmen.
Wir zeichnen Ihre Stimme auf, wenn Sie unser Client Services Team anrufen und wenn Sie unsere telefonische Gebotsabgabe nutzen.
Christie‘s kann Ihr Bild erfassen, wenn Sie unsere Räumlichkeiten betreten.  Unsere Verkaufsräume und Büros sind zum Schutz unserer Mitarbeiter, unserer Besucher sowie der von uns verkauften Objekte durch CCTV-Überwachungskameras gesichert.  Wir filmen unsere Auktionen aus Sicherheitsgründen und zur Überwachung des Bieterverhaltens.  Live-Streaming unserer Auktionen und bestimmter Kurse ist auf unseren Internetseiten verfügbar (und für ausgewählte Auktionen auch in den sozialen Medien).  Kameras und Mikrofone, die Bilder und Ton für das Live-Streaming aufzeichnen, sind in erster Linie auf den Auktionator/Moderator und die Experten von Christie's gerichtet, doch können auch Hintergrundgeräusche und Bilder aufgezeichnet werden.  Teilnehmende sollten ein Mitglied des Front-of-House-Teams informieren, wenn sie nicht gefilmt/aufgezeichnet werden möchten.
Bei unseren digitalen Veranstaltungen und Kursen werden in der Regel nur Bild und Ton der Vortragenden angezeigt und aufgezeichnet.  Eine Ausnahme bilden Diskussionen wie Rundtischgespräche, bestimmte Podiumsdiskussionen und Seminare.  Bitte wenden Sie sich an den Veranstalter, wenn Sie Fragen zum Filmen/Aufzeichnen einer bestimmten Veranstaltung oder eines Kurses haben.
Wenn Sie unsere Websites nutzen, sammeln wir Daten mithilfe von Cookies und anderen ähnlichen Technologien neben technischen Daten über Ihre Geräte, Browsing-Verhalten und -Muster.  Darüber hinaus können wir technische Daten über Sie erhalten, wenn Sie andere Websites besuchen, die unsere Cookies verwenden.  Weitere Einzelheiten finden Sie unten sowie in unserer Cookie-Richtlinie. Sie können Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen jederzeit ändern, indem Sie die Seite (Cookie-Einstellungen) auf unserer Website besuchen.
Erhebung von Daten aus anderen Quellen
Wir können Informationen über Sie und/oder die Objekte, die sich in Ihrem Eigentum befinden oder an denen Sie interessiert sind, aus anderen Quellen erheben, zum Beispiel:
wenn uns eine dritte Person unterrichtet, dass Sie bevollmächtigt sind, im Namen dieser dritten Person bei Christie‘s zu bieten oder ihr Eigentum abzuholen;
wenn jemand Sie auf uns aufmerksam macht (u.a. auch, wenn die betreffende Person den Lotfinder-Service verwendet, um Ihnen Einzelheiten über ein Los zu mailen, das ihrer Ansicht nach für Sie von Interesse sein könnte);
wenn wir Kunstwerke oder andere Objekte recherchieren und in Quellen wie Zeitungsartikeln, Ausstellungskatalogen, öffentlichen Auktionsergebnissen und anderen öffentlich verfügbaren Quellen auf Informationen über Sie stoßen oder wenn unsere Kontakte uns Feedback über Objekte oder Personen geben, von denen sie gehört haben.
Technische Daten von Analyseanbietern,Werbenetzwerken, Social-Media-Plattformen und ähnlichen Anwendungen;
Identität, Kontaktdaten und andere Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen wie Firmen- und Wählerverzeichnissen und von Unternehmen, die Identifizierungs-, Betrugsbekämpfungs- und Bonitätsprüfungen oder Screenings zu Zwecken im Zusammenhang mit Sanktionen, Geldwäschebekämpfung oder negative Medien durchführen.
Aggregierte und besondere Kategorien von Daten
Aggregated and special categories of data
Wir können verdichtete Daten, wie z.B. statistische oder demografische Daten, erheben, verwenden und weitergeben.  Solche aggregierten Daten können aus Ihren personenbezogenen Daten abgeleitet werden, gelten aber rechtlich nicht als personenbezogene Daten, da diese Daten weder direkt noch indirekt Ihre Identität preisgeben.  Zum Beispiel können wir Ihre Nutzungsdaten zusammenfassen, um den Prozentsatz der Nutzer zu berechnen, die auf eine bestimmte Funktion der Website zugreifen.  Wenn wir jedoch aggregierte Daten mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten kombinieren oder verknüpfen, so dass Sie damit direkt oder indirekt identifiziert werden können, behandeln wir die kombinierten Daten als personenbezogene Daten, die in Übereinstimmung mit diesem Datenschutzhinweis verwendet werden.
Wir erheben keine besonderen Kategorien personenbezogener Daten, es sei denn, dies ist für die Bereitstellung von Dienstleistungen oder den Zugang erforderlich.
3. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten wir und warum?
Wir haben unten die Arten von personenbezogenen Daten aufgeführt, die wir verarbeiten, die Zwecke, zu denen wir sie verwenden, sowie die Rechtsgrundlage, auf der wir sie verarbeiten.  Im Glossar sind weitere Angaben zu den Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung enthalten.
Zweck
Beispiele für personenbezogene Daten
(bitte beachten Sie, dass diese Liste nicht erschöpfend ist)
Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung
Um Ihnen die angefragten Dienstleistungen zu erbringen
(wie z.B. Bieten, Verkauf, Schätzungen, Lagerung, Transport, Kredite und Kreditempfehlung, Katalogabonnement, Restauration, Sachverständigengutachten)
Name, Titel und Kontaktangaben (wie E-Mail-Adresse, Postanschrift, Telefonnummern)
Ihre Bankverbindung (falls wir eine Zahlung an Sie vornehmen müssen) oder Zahlkartendetails oder Banküberweisungsbeleg (falls Sie eine Zahlung an uns vornehmen müssen)
die Person oder Organisation, die Sie vermittelt hat, sowie ggf. Gebühren, die diese Person oder Organisation erhalten
Angaben über das Objekt bzw. die Objekte, auf das bzw. die sich die Dienstleistungen beziehen
Art der Dienstleistungen sowie Vertragsbedingungen
Angaben zu Ihrer Versicherung, falls die Gefahr bezüglich des Objekts bei Ihnen verbleibt
Finanzielle Informationen
Aufzeichnungen Ihrer Kommunikationen mit uns (einschließlich über das Telefon erteilte Bieteranweisungen oder Online-Gebotslisten).
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
Zum Nachweis unserer Einhaltung von Rechtsvorschriften (z.B. Know your Customer und Schutz vor Geldwäsche, Zahlung von Steuern und Zöllen, Antidiskriminierung) und zur Mitwirkung an Ermittlungen von Aufsichts- und Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Gerichten
Ihr Geburtsdatum, Ihre Ausweisdokumente (einschließlich Foto), Adressennachweise und die Ergebnisse von Identitätsüberprüfungen
Die Art Ihrer Verbindung zu einer Organisation (z.B. Ihre Tätigkeitsbezeichnung und ob Sie Verwaltungsratsmitglied, Aktionär oder Partner sind), die Herkunft Ihres Vermögens und ob Sie eine politisch exponierte Person (PEP) oder Familienmitglied einer PEP oder mit einer PEP eng verbunden sind;
Angaben zu Ihren Geschäften in der Vergangenheit (einschließlich Steuerzahlungen oder Steuer Einbehalt sowie Herkunft Ihrer Mittel) und/oder Transporten (einschließlich eingeholter Genehmigungen oder entrichteter Abgaben)
Alle Anforderungen bezüglich der Verpflichtung von Christie‘s, angemessene Anpassungen vorzunehmen, um einer Behinderung oder anderweitig spezifischen Bedürfnissen Rechnung zu tragen
Informationen hinsichtlich einer Streitigkeit oder eines Rechtsverfahrens
Einhaltung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung
Um den Schutz und die Sicherheit von Ihnen, unseren Mitarbeitern und den Objekten in unseren Räumlichkeiten zu gewährleisten.
CCTV-Aufnahmen
Kontaktdaten
Berechtigte Interessen
Einhaltung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung
Um Ihnen Angaben zu bevorstehenden Auktionen, anderen Veranstaltungen oder Arten von Objekten, an denen Sie interessiert sind, und den allgemeinen Dienstleistungen von Christie‘s bereitzustellen.
Ihr Name, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und/oder Ihre Postanschrift
Ihre Präferenzen in Bezug auf Marketing und Kommunikation (in Ihrem mychristies-Konto, Christie‘s Online Preference Centre oder auf einer Papierkopie oder bei digitaler Registrierung)
Berechtigte Interessen (für Kunden die bereits Dienstleistungen angefragt oder erhalten haben)
Einwilligung (für Kunden, die noch keine Dienstleistungen angefragt oder erhalten, sich aber bereits angemeldet haben, um Nachrichten von Christie‘s online, auf einer Veranstaltung oder im Gespräch mit einer Mitarbeiterin von Christie‘s zu erhalten)
Erstellung und Pflege von Aufzeichnungen über Kunstobjekte, um uns (und im Falle unserer öffentlichen Aufzeichnungen, einschließlich unserer Online-Lot-Seiten und Online- und gedruckten Kataloge, sowie der breiteren Öffentlichkeit) bei der Überprüfung der Echtheit, der Herkunft, des Eigentums und des Objektwerts zu unterstützen und Betrug, Diebstahl oder andere ungesetzliche Aktivitäten zu verhindern.
Ihr Interesse an, Besitz oder (historisches oder aktuelles) Eigentum relevanter Kunst- oder ähnlicher Objekte
Verdacht von Betrug, Diebstahl oder anderen illegalen Aktivitäten im Zusammenhang mit einem mit Ihnen verbundenen Objekt
Kommunikation mit der Polizei, Gerichten, aufsichtsrechtlichen oder anderen staatlichen oder Strafverfolgungsbehörden in Bezug auf Sie oder Ihr Objekt
Berechtigte Interessen
Öffentliches Interesse
Zur Überwachung der Funktionsfähigkeit unserer Website und zur Personalisierung und Verbesserung Ihrer Benutzererfahrung
Technische Daten wie Ihre Internetadresse, Ihre Anmeldedaten,
Ihr Browsertyp, Ihre Browserversion und Ihr Betriebssystem, Ihre Zeitzoneneinstellung und Ihr Standort, Browser-Plug-in-Typen und -Versionen, Daten, die aus Cookies, Web-Logs und anderen ähnlichen Technologien gewonnen werden, um die Nutzung unserer Website zu überwachen und passgenauere Werbung auf unserer Website oder darüber hinaus zu liefern
die Ressourcen, auf die Sie über Ihr mychristies-Konto und unsere Website im weiteren Sinne zugreifen, einschließlich Browsing-Aktivitäten und Online-Gebote.
Berechtigte Interessen
Zur Überwachung Ihrer Verwendung unserer Dienstleistungen, Schulung unserer Mitarbeiter und Verbesserungen Ihrer Kunden- bzw. Nutzererfahrung
Ihre Beschwerden, Meinungen, Antworten auf unsere Umfragen oder Marktforschungserhebungen
Ihre Stimme, wenn Sie beim Kundendienst von Christie‘s anrufen oder unsere telefonische Gebotsabgabe in Anspruch nehmen
Berechtigte Interessen
Marketing
Wir senden Ihnen Nachrichten und Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen (z. B. per E-Mail), wenn Sie Informationen angefordert oder Objekte oder Dienstleistungen von uns erworben haben und Sie sich nicht gegen den Erhalt solcher Marketing-Emails entschieden haben.  Sie können uns jederzeit bitten, die Zusendung von Nachrichten und Informationen einzustellen (oder damit zu beginnen), indem Sie sich an dataprivacy@christies.com wenden oder dem Abmeldelink in jeder Nachricht folgen.   Wir geben Ihre persönlichen Daten nicht an Organisationen weiter, die Ihre Daten für ihre eigenen Marketingaktionen oder andere Zwecke verwenden wollen.
4. Wer bekommt Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu sehen?
Christie’s Group
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten werden von demjenigen Unternehmen von Christie‘s verarbeitet, bei dem sie ursprünglich eingehen, und können außerdem an andere Unternehmen innerhalb der Christie‘s Group weitergegeben und von diesen verarbeitet werden.  Siehe „Werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten international übermittelt?“ unten für weitere Informationen.
Außerhalb der Christie‘s Group
Wir übermitteln Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht an Organisationen, die diese für ihre eigenen Marketingaktionen oder andere Zwecke verwenden wollen. Ihre persönlichen Daten werden nur an Organisationen weitergegeben, die Dienstleistungen für uns erbringen oder die diese Informationen benötigen, um Ihnen Dienstleistungen anbieten zu können (z. B.  , falls dies erforderlich ist, um die von Ihnen verlangten Dienstleistungen zu erbringen (z.B. können wir Ihre Daten unserer Bank, Kreditkartenakquisiteuren, Spediteuren, Lagerhaltern, Versicherern, Gutachtern, die an der Erstellung von Gutachten und Schätzungen für Objekte mitwirken, Firmen, die Dienste in Bezug auf Identifizierung, Betrugsverhütung und Kreditprüfungen, Blockchain-Analysen oder Prüfungen in Bezug auf Sanktionen, Geldwäsche und/oder negative Medienberichterstattung erbringen, Veranstaltungsorten, Cateringunternehmen, Katalogfirmen und Direktmarketing-Erfüllung und -Vertrieb übermitteln).  Dies geschieht jeweils auf der Grundlage, dass die entsprechenden Organisationen die Informationen vertraulich behandeln und sicher aufbewahren müssen und nur zur Erbringung der angewiesenen Dienstleistungen verwenden dürfen.
Wenn Sie ein NFT verkaufen oder kaufen oder mit einer Kryptowährung bezahlen, werden Ihre Daten an die von Christie's akzeptierten Anbieter von digitalen Geldbörsen und Kryptowährungen weitergegeben (die aktuellste Liste der akzeptierten Anbieter finden Sie in den "Besonderen Hinweisen" für das jeweilige Los, auf das Sie bieten möchten), soweit dies erforderlich ist, damit wir Ihren Verkauf oder Kauf abschließen können. Um zu erfahren wie Ihre persönlichen Daten verwendet werden, bitten wir Sie sich die Datenschutzerklärungen dieser Unternehmen durchzulesen. Wenn Sie ein NFT kaufen, werden die Daten Ihrer digitalen Brieftasche an den Verkäufer weitergegeben, um die Überweisung auszuführen. Die Informationen über NFT- und Kryptowährungstransaktionen werden auch auf der Blockchain zur Verfügung gestellt.
Einige dieser Organisationen können sich in einem anderen Land befinden als der Verkaufsraum oder das Büro, das Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erfasst hat. Siehe „Werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten international übermittelt?“ unten für weitere Informationen.
Es kann sein, dass wir bestimmte Informationen über Sie aufbewahren und an geeignete Dritte weitergeben müssen, um Überprüfungen zur Bekämpfung von Geldwäsche und Handelssanktionen durchzuführen, um bei der Verhinderung und Aufdeckung von Betrug und Straftaten zu helfen, um Finanz-, Steuer- und andere aufsichtsrechtliche Meldepflichten zu erfüllen, um die Einhaltung von Gesundheits- und Sicherheitsvorschriften zu unterstützen und für Forschungs- und Screening-Dienste.  Möglicherweise müssen wir auch Informationen an unsere Finanzinstitute, Versicherer oder Wirtschaftsprüfer weitergeben (u. a. um nachzuweisen, dass Christie die Vorschriften zur Bekämpfung von Geldwäsche, Sanktionen und andere einschlägige Vorschriften einhält, oder um die Organisation in die Lage zu versetzen, eine Due-Diligence-Prüfung durchzuführen) sowie im Falle einer Umstrukturierung, eines Verkaufs oder einer Übertragung unseres Unternehmens (oder eines Teils davon).
Verlangen Strafverfolgungs- oder andere Behörden, Einrichtungen oder Personen die Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten (wie Kontaktdaten oder Angaben zu Käufen), geben wir diese Daten nur weiter, wenn wir uns nach einer internen Prüfung davon überzeugt haben, dass wir dazu rechtlich verpflichtet sind oder es zum Schutz unserer Rechte oder der Rechte anderer erforderlich und nicht gesetzlich untersagt ist
5. Werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten international übermittelt?
Als weltweite Organisation mit einer Präsenz in über 40 Ländern kann Christie‘s im gewöhnlichen Geschäftsgang Ihre personenbezogenen Daten international an Verkaufsräume, Büros und Vertreter von Christie‘s sowie andere Organisationen übermitteln, die Ihre Daten im Zusammenhang mit den Ihnen von Christie‘s erbrachten
Dienstleistungen verarbeiten müssen (siehe Wer bekommt meine Daten zu sehen?). Ihre Daten werden auf Servern von Christie‘s in den USA abgelegt.
Das Vereinigte Königreich, die EWR-Länder, Switzerland. China und das Dubai International Finance Centre (DIFC) verlangen alle, dass bestimmte Sicherheitsvorkehrungen getroffen werden, wenn personenbezogene Daten international in Länder übertragen werden, deren Datenschutzstandards von ihnen nicht als im Wesentlichen gleichwertig anerkannt wurden.  Wir haben genehmigte Standardvertragsklauseln, die die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten regeln, wenn diese außerhalb dieser Länder/Zentren versendet werden.
Wenn Sie Fragen haben oder weitere Informationen darüber wünschen, wie wir personenbezogene Daten außerhalb der im obigen Absatz genannten Länder zur Verfügung stellen, wenden Sie sich bitte an uns (siehe Kontaktangaben unten).
6. Wie lange bewahren wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf?
Wir werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten so lange aufbewahren, wie dies zur Erbringung der jeweiligen Dienstleistungen, zur Pflege der Unternehmensunterlagen zur Einhaltung steuerlicher, gesetzlicher und anderer regulatorischen Vorschriften sowie zur Wahrung oder Verteidigung potenzieller rechtlicher Ansprüche erforderlich ist.
Im Zusammenhang mit unseren Recherchen und Aufzeichnungen zum Eigentum von Kunstobjekten, die zur Prüfung von Echtheit, Provenienz und Eigentumsrecht herangezogen werden, werden wir diese Daten so lange aufbewahren, wie die Aufzeichnung für unsere rechtmäßigen Geschäftsinteressen sowie das öffentliche Interesse relevant ist. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Eigentumstitel oder Provenienzinformationen nach der Veröffentlichung weder entfernen noch ändern. Christie's Kataloge und Lotseiten sind wichtige Ressourcen für die öffentliche Recherche, die Markttransparenz und, wo relevant, die Stützung des Objektwerts. Daher sind wir der Ansicht, dass es im Interesse von Verkäufern und Käufern sowie der Öffentlichkeit im Allgemeinen liegt, dass die veröffentlichten Provenienzinformationen eines Objektes für die Öffentlichkeit auf unbestimmte Zeit online verfügbar bleiben. Wir verfolgen diesen Ansatz, sofern das geltende Recht nichts anderes vorschreibt.
7.
Wie sorgen wir für die Sicherheit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir verstehen, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten wichtig sind, und wir verpflichten uns, sie unter Beachtung der größtmöglichen Sorgfalt und Sicherheit zu behandeln.
Wir haben mehrere Ebenen von Sicherheitstechnologien und -kontrollen in unserer Unternehmensumgebung, die Ihre Daten im Ruhezustand und bei der Übertragung vor unberechtigtem Zugriff oder Weitergabe schützen.  Darüber hinaus beschränken wir den Zugriff auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf diejenigen Mitarbeiter, Vertreter, Auftragnehmer und andere Dritte, die diese Daten aus geschäftlichen Gründen benötigen.   Sie verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur auf unsere Weisung hin und sind zur Vertraulichkeit verpflichtet.   Darüber hinaus erhalten unsere Mitarbeiter Datenschutzschulungen, und wir verfügen über detaillierte Sicherheits- und Datenschutzrichtlinien, die beim Umgang mit personenbezogenen Daten zu befolgen sind.
In einer sich ständig verändernden Gefahrenlandschaft überprüfen wir laufend unsere Sicherheitsvorkehrungen, um zu gewährleisten, dass Ihre Daten auch weiterhin geschützt bleiben.   Wir haben Verfahren für den Umgang mit mutmaßlichen Verletzungen des Schutzes personenbezogener Daten eingerichtet und werden Sie und alle zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörden in allen Fällen über eine Verletzung benachrichtigen, in denen wir gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet sind.
8. Internetseiten Dritter
Die Internetseiten von Christie‘s können Links zu externen Websites enthalten, die nicht von Christie‘s betrieben werden. Die uns von Ihnen zur Verfügung gestellten Daten werden nicht an diese externen Websites übermittelt, doch können diese Websites personenbezogene Daten über Sie gemäß ihren eigenen Datenschutzhinweisen erheben.  Christie‘s übernimmt keine Haftung für die Datenschutzpraktiken oder Inhalte dieser Websites.
9. Zugriff auf Ihre Daten und andere Rechte
Sie können sich gerne an uns wenden, wenn Sie Fragen zu den Daten haben, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben.  Unter bestimmten Umständen haben Sie datenschutzrechtliche Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten.  Dazu gehören:
Auskunftsrecht
Sie können eine Kopie der personenbezogenen Daten anfordern, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben (und damit ein „Auskunftsersuchen" als betroffene Person stellen).  Wenn Sie von diesem Recht Gebrauch machen und wir personenbezogene Daten über Sie automatisiert oder als Teil eines Dateisystems verarbeiten, sind wir verpflichtet, Ihnen eine Beschreibung sowie eine Kopie dieser personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen, sobald wir Ihre Identität und, falls zutreffend, die Befugnis eines dritten Antragstellers überprüft haben, und Ihnen Auskunft darüber zu erteilen, warum wir diese Daten verarbeiten.
Sonstige Rechte
Neben Ihrem Auskunftsrecht als betroffene Person haben Sie gegebenenfalls ein gesetzliches Anrecht auf eine Berichtigung oder Löschung einiger oder aller Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, können Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung einlegen oder eine beschränkte Verarbeitung verlangen.
Wenn Sie uns Daten über sich selbst zur Verfügung gestellt haben, die wir auf der Grundlage von Vertrag oder Einwilligung verarbeiten (siehe Welche personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten wir und warum?), haben Sie unter Umständen das Recht, die Daten in einem maschinenlesbaren Format zur Übermittlung an einen anderen Datenverantwortlichen zu erhalten.
Stützen wir uns zur Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten auf eine Einwilligung (siehe Welche personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten wir und warum?), können Sie diese Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen.  Hiervon wird die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten durch Christie‘s vor dem Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung nicht berührt.
Wenden Sie sich bitte an uns unter dataprivacy@christies.com, falls Sie die oben erläuterten Rechte hinsichtlich Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ausüben möchten.
Rechte für
Personen mit Wohnsitz in Kalifornien
Wenn Sie ein kalifornischer Verbraucher sind, finden Sie weitere Informationen über Ihre Datenschutzrechte in dem Abschnitt unseres Datenschutzhinweises mit dem Titel „California Consumer Privacy Statement".
Rechte für Personen mit Wohnsitz in China
Wenn Sie Ihren Wohnsitz in China haben, lesen Sie bitte auch unsere "Ergänzenden Datenschutzhinweise für China".
10. Kontaktangaben
Falls Sie Fragen bezüglich der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Christie‘s haben, wenden Sie sich an uns unter dataprivacy@christies.com.  Sie können uns auch anrufen oder eine E-mail an unser Client Service Team senden.
11. Beschwerden
Sie haben das Recht, jederzeit eine Beschwerde bei der zuständigen Datenschutzbehörde einzureichen.  Wir wären Ihnen jedoch sehr verbunden, wenn wir uns im Vorfeld mit Ihrem Anliegen befassen könnten. Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns daher zunächst mithilfe der oben genannten Vertragsdaten. Sie können uns auch anrufen oder eine E-mail an unser Client Service Team senden.
Die Kontaktdaten der Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörden sind online zu finden, z. B. das UK Information Commissioner's Office: https:ico.org.uk ; die französische Commission Nationale de L'Informatique et des Libertés: www.cnil.fr ; andere EU-Aufsichtsbehörden: www.edpb.europa.eu ; der Eidgenössische Datenschutz- und Öffentlichkeitsbeauftragte der Schweiz: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch ; der Datenschutzbeauftragte des DIFC: https://www.difc.ae/contact-us/
12.
Glossar
Einhaltung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung
- Die Verarbeitung ist notwendig, um für eine Einhaltung unserer gesetzlichen und regulatorischen Verpflichtungen zu sorgen.
Einwilligung
- Sie haben Ihre ausdrückliche Einwilligung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten erteilt.
Verantwortlicher
- die Person, die die Zwecke und Mittel der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten festlegt.
EWR
- der Europäische Wirtschaftsraum, zu dem die Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union sowie Norwegen, Island und Liechtenstein gehören.
Dateisystem
- eine strukturierte Sammlung personenbezogener Daten, die nach bestimmten Kriterien zugänglich sind.
Berechtigte Interessen
- die Verarbeitung dient dem berechtigten Interesse unsererseits bzw. eines Dritten zur effektiven und ordnungsgemäßen Betreibung, Führung und Verwaltung unserer jeweiligen Geschäftstätigkeit (insofern nicht Ihre eigenen Interessen, Rechte und Freiheiten unsere oder die Interessen des Dritten überwiegen).
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
- die Verarbeitung ist erforderlich, damit wir unsere vertraglichen Pflichten erfüllen, unsere vertraglichen Rechte wahrnehmen oder anderweitig unseren Vertrag mit Ihnen durchführen oder auf Ihre Anfrage einen Vertragsabschluss in die Wege leiten können.
Personenbezogene Daten
- alle Daten, die sich auf eine identifizierte oder identifizierbare natürliche Person beziehen.  Dies kann Namen, User-ID, Standortdaten, E-Mail-Adressen, Fotos, Stellenbewerbungen, Einkaufshistorie, Benutzerkontoinformationen, Meinungen und Schriftverkehr mit einer Person umfassen.
Verarbeitung
- alle an den personenbezogenen Daten vorgenommenen Transaktionen wie Erhebung, Aufzeichnung, Speicherung, Abruf, Verwendung, Zusammenführung mit anderen Daten, Übermittlung, Offenlegung und Löschung.
Öffentliches Interesse
- die Verarbeitung ist für eine im öffentlichen Interesse wahrgenommene Aufgabe erforderlich.
Besondere Kategorien von Daten
- Angaben bezüglich Rasse oder ethnischer Zugehörigkeit, religiöser oder weltanschaulicher Überzeugung, Sexualleben, sexueller Orientierung, politischer Meinungen, Gewerkschaftszugehörigkeit, Gesundheit sowie genetischer und biometrischer Daten.
Letzte Aktualisierung: Januar 2024
INFORMATIVA SULLA TUTELA DEI DATI PERSONALI
Premessa
Come la maggior parte delle aziende, Christie’s raccoglie e tratta varie informazioni relative ai propri clienti e ad altre persone potenzialmente interessate ai suoi servizi.
La presente informativa sulla tutela dei dati personali si applica al Gruppo Christie’s a livello globale e illustra il tipo di dati che la nostra società tratta, i motivi per cui vengono trattati e le conseguenze del loro trattamento per i soggetti a cui tali dati appartengono. Per i residenti della California si rimanda inoltre alla nostra informativa sulla privacy per i consumatori della California (
CCPA
). Per i residenti in Cina si rimanda alla nostra informativa supplementare relativa alla tutela dei dati personali – Cina , contenente sezioni aggiuntive che potrebbero essere applicabili.
Questa informativa sulla tutela dei dati personali è composta dalle sezioni sotto elencate. Il Glossario spiega il significato di espressioni come “dati personali”, “trattamento” e altri termini utilizzati nel presente documento.
Christie’s si riserva il diritto di aggiornare la presente informativa, pubblicando di volta in volta su questa pagina web la nuova versione applicabile. Se necessario, provvederemo a informarLa via email o con un avviso pubblicato sul nostro sito web che l’informativa sulla tutela dei dati personali è cambiata, pertanto Le raccomandiamo di visitare regolarmente questa pagina. Tutte le modifiche entreranno in vigore immediatamente, non appena pubblicate.
1. Chi siamo
Il Gruppo societario Christie’s è descritto
di seguito
.
Quando Lei effettua un acquisto o una vendita nelle nostre aste o mediante trattativa privata o usufruisce di altri servizi o beni da noi forniti, il titolare del trattamento dei Suoi dati è la (o le) società menzionata/e nel Suo Contratto del Venditore, nelle Condizioni di Vendita, nella fattura o nel contratto. Se partecipa di persona a uno dei nostri eventi, corsi o conferenze, il titolare del trattamento dei Suoi dati è la sala d’aste o l’ufficio che ha organizzato il corso o evento.
Il titolare del trattamento dei dati raccolti tramite christies.com, education.christies.com, altri siti web o app di nostra proprietà, corsi online e sistemi object data è Christie Manson & Woods Ltd.
2. Come e quando raccogliamo i Suoi dati personali?
Dati rilasciati direttamente da Lei a fronte di una nostra richiesta
La maggior parte dei Suoi dati personali trattati dalla nostra azienda proviene direttamente da Lei (di persona, telefonicamente o per iscritto, via email od online), ad esempio:
quando Lei si registra per partecipare a un’asta, accetta di vendere dei beni tramite Christie’s o chiede una valutazione;
quando Lei manifesta interesse in determinati tipi di beni a un dipendente o a un rappresentante della nostra società;
quando Lei si abbona ai nostri cataloghi, newsletter o altre pubblicazioni;
quando Lei si registra al sito christies.com per ottenere informazioni su aste ed eventi futuri relativi a una specifica area di interesse o quando completa il profilo del Suo account su Internet;
quando Lei partecipa ad eventi dal vivo od online organizzati da Christie’s o a uno dei nostri corsi.
Raccolta automatica dei Suoi dati quando Lei partecipa ad aste telefoniche, chiama il nostro servizio clienti, visita le nostre sedi o il nostro sito web o partecipa a eventi online
Quando Lei chiama il nostro servizio clienti o utilizza il nostro servizio di aste telefoniche la Sua voce viene registrata.
Se visita una delle nostre sedi potremmo conservare una copia della Sua immagine. Le nostre sale d'aste e i nostri uffici sono sorvegliati da sistemi CCTV per la protezione del nostro personale e dei beni in vendita. Conserviamo le riprese delle aste, sia per motivi di sicurezza che per controllare la correttezza delle procedure d’offerta. Le nostre aste e alcuni corsi possono essere seguiti in diretta sui nostri siti (e in alcuni casi anche sui social media). Le videocamere e i microfoni che registrano le immagini e i suoni delle trasmissioni in diretta si concentrano principalmente sui banditori/relatori e sul personale specializzato di Christie’s, tuttavia è possibile che registrino anche immagini e suoni di sfondo. I partecipanti che non desiderano essere filmati/registrati dovranno informare un membro del personale di Christie’s prima di entrare nella sala d’aste.
I nostri eventi e corsi online in genere mostrano e registrano solo le immagini e l’audio dei relatori. Le eccezioni previste riguardano le discussioni che si svolgono in occasione di tavole rotonde, alcuni panel e seminari. Per maggiori chiarimenti sulle modalità di ripresa/registrazione di un particolare evento o corso si raccomanda di contattare l’organizzatore dell’evento.
Ogni volta che Lei interagisce con i nostri siti web raccogliamo dati su di Lei tramite cookie e altre tecnologie simili, nonché dati tecnici relativi alla Sua attrezzatura, le Sue azioni e abitudini di navigazione. Potremmo anche ricevere dati tecnici su di Lei se visita altri siti web che utilizzano i nostri cookie. Ulteriori informazioni sono riportate nei paragrafi seguenti e nella nostra Politica sui cookie. Può modificare le impostazioni dei cookie in qualsiasi momento visitando la pagina Impostazioni dei Cookie (Cookie Settings) sul nostro sito web.
Raccolta di dati da altre fonti
Christie’s può ottenere informazioni su di Lei e/o i Suoi beni o gli oggetti che desidera ritirare da altre fonti, ad esempio:
quando qualcuno ci informa di essere stato autorizzato da Lei a presentare offerte per Suo conto a una nostra asta o a ritirare i propri beni;
quando qualcuno La presenta a un nostro rappresentante (anche mediante il servizio Lotfinder per inviarLe via email informazioni su un lotto che questa persona ritiene potrebbe interessarLe);
quando effettuiamo ricerche su opere d'arte o altri oggetti e troviamo informazioni su di Lei in articoli di giornali, cataloghi di mostre, risultati di aste pubbliche e altre fonti accessibili al pubblico, o quando uno dei nostri contatti ci segnala oggetti o persone di cui quella persona ha sentito parlare;
dati tecnici provenienti da fornitori di servizi di analisi e reti pubblicitarie, piattaforme di social media e applicazioni simili;
dati di identità, dati di contatto e altre informazioni provenienti da fonti accessibili al pubblico, per esempio da registri aziendali e liste elettorali e da società che eseguono controlli di identificazione, antifrode e di credito o controlli per sanzioni, a scopi antiriciclaggio e/o notizie negative nei media.
Dati aggregati e dati particolari
Ci riserviamo il diritto di raccogliere, utilizzare e condividere dati aggregati, come ad esempio dati statistici o demografici.  I dati aggregati possono derivare da Suoi dati personali ma non sono considerati dati personali ai sensi di legge poiché non rivelano, direttamente o indirettamente, la Sua identità.  Ad esempio, possiamo aggregare i Suoi dati sull’utilizzo per calcolare la percentuale di utenti che hanno utilizzato una particolare funzione del sito web.  Ad ogni modo, quando combiniamo o colleghiamo dati aggregati con i suoi dati personali in modo da poterLa individuare direttamente o indirettamente, trattiamo tali dati combinati come i dati personali utilizzati in conformità alle condizioni della presente informativa.
Non raccogliamo dati particolari, salvo qualora necessario per fornire o concedere accesso ai nostri servizi.
3. Quali dati personali trattiamo e perché?
Di seguito sono elencati i vari tipi di dati personali trattati dalla nostra società, gli scopi per cui vengono utilizzati e le norme di legge applicabili al loro trattamento. Maggiori informazioni sulle norme che regolano il trattamento dei dati personali sono contenute nel Glossario.
Scopo
Esempi di dati personali
(elenco non esaustivo)
Norme di legge applicabili al trattamento dei dati personali
Fornire servizi richiesti
(ad esempio acquisto o vendita all’asta, valutazione, stoccaggio, spedizione, prestiti o raccomandazioni per un prestito, abbonamento al catalogo, restauro, perizia)
nome, appellativo ed estremi di contatto (ad es. indirizzo email, indirizzo postale, numeri telefonici)
estremi del conto corrente (se Christie's deve effettuare un pagamento), della carta di credito o del bonifico bancario (se il pagamento è a nostro favore)
la persona od organizzazione tramite cui abbiamo stabilito il primo contatto con Lei e qualsivoglia commissione che questa percepirà
informazioni sul bene a cui i servizi si riferiscono
·natura dei servizi forniti e condizioni contrattuali applicabili
estremi della Sua polizza assicurativa se i rischi connessi al bene di Sua proprietà restano a Suo carico
informazioni finanziarie
documentazione delle comunicazioni intercorse tra Lei e Christie's (tra cui le istruzioni di offerta registrate durante le aste telefoniche o conservate negli archivi delle aste online)
Esecuzione di un contratto
Dimostrare l’osservanza dei nostri obblighi di legge (ad esempio raccolta delle informazioni identificative dei clienti a fini antiriciclaggio, per verificare il pagamento di imposte e dazi doganali e in attuazione di politiche antidiscriminatorie) e su richiesta di enti regolamentari, forze dell’ordine o autorità giudiziarie
data di nascita, documenti di identità (fotografia compresa), documenti comprovanti l'indirizzo di residenza e i risultati delle verifiche di identità condotte
la natura dei Suoi rapporti con un’organizzazione (ad esempio la Sua posizione lavorativa e se Lei è un amministratore, azionista o socio), l’origine del suo patrimonio e se Lei è una persona esposta politicamente (PEP) o un familiare o un amico intimo di una PEP
Informazioni sulle transazioni (imposte o ritenute alla fonte comprese, sull'origine dei Suoi fondi), e/o su spedizioni (compresi eventuali permessi ottenuti o dazi pagati) effettuate da Lei or per Suo conto in precedenza
eventuali requisiti concernenti l’obbligo di Christie’s di apportare ragionevoli modifiche per facilitare l’accesso a persone disabili o rispondere ad esigenze specifiche
informazioni concernenti controversie o procedimenti legali
Adempimento di un obbligo legale
Per assicurare la Sua sicurezza e incolumità, assieme a quella del nostro personale e dei beni che si trovano nelle nostre sedi
immagini CCTV
estremi di contatto
Legittimo interesse
Adempimento di un obbligo legale
Per fornire informazioni sulle prossime aste, altri eventi o specifiche tipologie di beni, nonché sugli altri servizi offerti da Christie’s
nome, indirizzo email e/o postale
preferenze di marketing e comunicazione (nel conto mychristies, nel centro di preferenze online di Christie’s o in qualsiasi modulo di adesione cartaceo o digitale)
Legittimo interesse (per i clienti che hanno richiesto o ricevuto questi servizi in precedenza)
Consenso (per i clienti che non hanno richiesto o ricevuto servizi ma hanno chiesto di ricevere le notizie online di Christie’s parlando con un membro del personale ad un evento)
Creare e conservare la documentazione degli oggetti d'arte (e, nel caso dei nostri registri pubblici, comprese le nostre pagine online dei lotti, cataloghi online e stampati, e il pubblico in generale) per agevolare i controlli di autenticità, provenienza,  titolarità e valutazione degli oggetti ed evitare frodi, furti o attività illecite
diritti, possesso o titolarità (ora o in passato) sugli oggetti d’arte in questione o beni simili
accuse di frode, furto o altre attività illecite relative a beni a Lei collegati
comunicazioni con la polizia, i tribunali, le autorità di vigilanza o altre autorità statali o forze dell’ordine in relazione a Lei o ai Suoi beni
Legittimo interesse
Interesse pubblico
Monitorare il funzionamento del nostro sito web e personalizzare e migliorare l'esperienza degli utenti
dati tecnici, tra cui il Suo indirizzo internet e i Suoi dati di login
tipo e versione del browser e del sistema operativo da Lei utilizzati
fuso orario e geolocalizzazione, tipologie e versioni dei plug-in del browser, dati raccolti da cookie, weblog e altre tecnologie analoghe utilizzate per monitorare l’utilizzo del nostro sito web e diffondere pubblicità più mirate su o all'esterno del sito web
le  risorse utilizzate nel Suo conto mychristies e nel resto del nostro sito web compresa l’attività di browsing e l'attività di presentazione offerte online
Legittimo interesse
Monitorare il Suo utilizzo dei nostri servizi, formare il nostro personale e migliorare l'esperienza di clienti e utenti
i Suoi reclami, le Sue opinioni, risposte ai nostri sondaggi o indagini di mercato
la Sua voce nelle chiamate al servizio clienti di Christie’s o al servizio di asta telefonica
Legittimo interesse
Marketing
Le invieremo news e informazioni riguardo ai nostri servizi (per esempio per posta elettronica)se Lei le ha richieste, o se ha acquistato beni o servizi da noi e non ha scelto di non ricevere tali comunicazioni. Può chiederci di interrompere (o di iniziare) l’invio di news e informazioni in qualsiasi momento contattandoci al seguente indirizzo dataprivacy@christies.com o cliccando sui link di cancellazione dell’iscrizione inviateLe nelle comunicazioni.
Non invieremo i Suoi dati personali ad organizzazioni che intendono utilizzarle per le proprie promozioni di marketing o per altri fini.
4. Chi ha accesso ai Suoi dati personali?
Il gruppo Christie’s
I Suoi dati personali sono trattati dalla società del gruppo Christie’s che li ha inizialmente raccolti, ma potrebbero essere trasferiti e trattati anche da altre società del gruppo. Per maggiori informazioni si rimanda alla successiva sezione “I Suoi dati personali saranno trasferiti all’estero?”..
Esternamente al gruppo Christie’s
I Suoi dati personali non verranno mai trasferiti a organizzazioni che potrebbero utilizzarli per fini di marketing o altri scopi pubblicitari. I Suoi dati personali saranno condivisi solo con organizzazioni terze che ci forniscono servizi o che necessitano delle informazioni per fornirLe servizi (ad esempio, potremo trasferirli alla nostra banca, a società di carte di credito, spedizionieri, magazzinieri, assicuratori, periti per l’autenticazione o la valutazione dei beni, società che forniscono servizi di identificazione, controlli antifrode e di valutazione del merito di credito o in relazione a sanzioni, analisi di blockchain, riciclaggio di denaro e/o notizie negative nei media, organizzatori di eventi, società di catering, di stampa cataloghi, marketing diretto e distribuzione). In questo caso i dati verranno trasferiti solo ad organizzazioni soggette all’obbligo di assicurarne la riservatezza e la sicurezza, le quali li utilizzeranno solo per fornire i servizi richiesti.
Laddove Lei venda o acquisti un NFT o paghi in criptovaluta, i Suoi dati saranno condivisi con il portafoglio digitale accreditato di Christie e i fornitori di criptovaluta (per un elenco dei nostri fornitori accreditati più aggiornato, si prega di consultare la sezione ‘Special Notice’ in riferimento al lotto su cui desidera presentare un’offerta) così da consentirci di completare la vendita o l'acquisto. Si prega di consultare le informative sulla privacy di queste altre società per informazioni su come verranno utilizzate le Vostre informazioni personali. Quando lei acquista un NFT, le informazioni del Suo portafoglio digitale verranno fornite al venditore per eseguire il trasferimento, inoltre le informazioni sulle transazioni NFT e criptovaluta saranno rese disponibili sulla blockchain.
Poiché alcune di queste organizzazioni potrebbero avere sede in un Paese diverso da quello in cui si trova la sala d’aste o l’ufficio che ha raccolto i Suoi dati personali, per maggiori informazioni si rimanda alla sezione “I Suoi dati personali saranno trasferiti in Paesi esteri?”.
Potremmo aver bisogno di conservare e divulgare determinate informazioni su di Lei ad enti terzi per controlli antiriciclaggio e su sanzioni commerciali, per assistere indagini antifrode o contro la criminalità e in ottemperanza acontrolli di auditing in materia finanziaria. fiscale e di qualsiasi altro tipo di segnalazione normativa, ai nostri obblighi in materia di salute e sicurezza, e per scopi di servizi di ricerca e screening. Potremmo anche dover divulgare informazioni alle nostre istituzioni finanziarie, assicurazioni o revisori dei conti, anche allo scopo di dimostrare l’ottemperanza di Christie’s alle norme in materia di antiriciclaggio di denaro, sanzioni e ad altre normative pertinenti, o per consentire agli enti terzi di completare l’attività di due diligence in caso di ristrutturazione, vendita o trasferimento della nostra attività (o parte di essa).
Qualora le forze dell'ordine, altre entità, ordini o persone richiedano la divulgazione dei Suoi dati personali (ivi inclusi i Sui recapiti o informazioni sui Suoi acquisti), rilasceremo le informazioni richieste solo dopo aver, verificato mediante opportune indagini interne, che siamo tenuti dalla legge a rilasciarle o qualora la loro divulgazione sia necessaria per tutelare i nostri diritti o quelli di terzi e non sia vietata dalla legge.
5. I Suoi dati personali saranno trasferiti all’estero?
In qualità di organizzazione globale presente in oltre 40 Paesi, nel corso delle sue normali attività commerciali Christie’s potrebbe dover trasferire i Suoi dati personali a sale d’aste, uffici e rappresentanti del gruppo Christie’s, e ad altre organizzazioni che dovranno trattare i Suoi dati in Paesi esteri, qualora ciò sia necessario per fornirLe i nostri servizi (cfr. Chi ha accesso ai dati?). I Suoi dati personali saranno conservati nei server di Christie’s situati negli Stati Uniti.
Il Regno Unito, i Paesi dello SEE, la Svizzera, la Cina e il Dubai International Finance Centre (DIFC) impongono l’adozione di alcune misure di tutela in caso di trasferimento di dati personali a Paesi esteri che non sono stati approvati da loro per assicurare che offrano livelli di protezione dei dati essenzialmente equivalenti. Abbiamo adottato clausole contrattuali standard approvate per regolamentare il trattamento dei dati personali inviati al di fuori di questi Paesi/centri.
In caso di domande o per richiedere maggiori chiarimenti sul modo in cui Christie’s rende disponibili dati personali a Paesi non inclusi nel paragrafo precedente si prega di contattare il nostro ufficio (cfr. le Informazioni di contatto sotto riportate).
6. Per quanto tempo verranno conservati i Suoi dati personali?
Christie’s conserverà i Suoi dati personali per tutto il tempo necessario a fornirLe i servizi richiesti, per mantenere la documentazione necessaria a soddisfare obblighi fiscali, legali ed altri obblighi regolamentari, nonché per la propria protezione e difesa contro possibili azioni legali.
Per quanto concerne le nostre ricerche e la documentazione dei diritti di proprietà sugli oggetti d’arte, i dati personali vengono conservati per agevolare i controlli sull’autenticità, la provenienza e il titolo di proprietà per tutto il tempo necessario a tutelare i legittimi interessi commerciali di Christie’s e il pubblico interesse.  La preghiamo di prendere atto che, una volta pubblicati, non rimuoviamo o modifichiamo ne’ i titoli delle opere ne’ le informazioni sulla provenienza. I cataloghi di Christie's e le pagine dei lotti sono risorse importanti per la ricerca pubblica, la trasparenza del mercato e, ove pertinente, supportano il valore di un’opera e, in quanto tali, riteniamo che sia nell'interesse non solo dei venditori e degli acquirenti ma anche del pubblico più in generale che le informazioni pubblicate sulla provenienza di un’opera restino disponibili online a fruizione del pubblico a tempo indeterminato. Adottiamo questo approccio salvo non diversamente richiesto dalle leggi applicabili.
7. Come garantiamo la sicurezza dei Suoi dati personali?
Christie’s riconosce l’importanza di proteggere i Suoi dati personali sono importanti e ci impegniamo a trattarli con la massima cura e sicurezza.
Il nostro ambiente IT prevede tecnologie di sicurezza e controlli di vari livelli per tutelare i Suoi dati, archiviati o in transito, dall’accesso o dalla divulgazione non autorizzati.  Inoltre, limitiamo l’accesso ai Suoi dati personali ai dipendenti, agenti, appaltatori e altri terzi che abbiano l’esigenza effettiva di venirne a conoscenza per motivi di lavoro.  Queste persone tratteranno i Suoi dati personali solo dietro nostre istruzioni e sono soggette all’obbligo di riservatezza.   I nostri colleghi ricevono una formazione specializzata in materia di protezione dei dati e abbiamo regolamenti dettagliati per assicurare la sicurezza e la protezione dei dati che i nostri colleghi sono tenuti a seguire nel trattamento delle informazioni personali.
A fronte della costante evoluzione delle minacce alla sicurezza, continuiamo a valutare l’efficacia delle nostre misure di difesa per assicurare che i Suoi dati siano sempre protetti.   Abbiamo adottato procedure per far fronte a tutte le violazioni sospette dei dati personali e in caso di violazione provvederemo ad informare Lei e le autorità normative competenti qualora sussista tale obbligo.
8. Siti web di terzi
I siti web di Christie’s possono contenere link ad altri siti web non gestiti da Christie’s.  Le informazioni forniteci non saranno trasmesse ad altri siti, tuttavia è possibile che questi raccolgano informazioni personali in conformità alle condizioni indicate nelle rispettive informative sulla privacy. Christie’s non si assume alcuna responsabilità in relazione alle misure di privacy o i contenuti di questi siti web.
9. Accesso ai Suoi dati e altri diritti
Invitiamo gli interessati a contattare direttamente i nostri uffici per qualsiasi chiarimento sui dati personali che conserviamo.
In determinate circostanze, Lei può esercitare i diritti conferitiLe sui Suoi dati personali dalle leggi in materia di protezione dei dati. Tali diritti sono:
Il diritto di accesso
: Lei può richiedere una copia dei Suoi dati personali  (una “richiesta di accesso dell’interessato”).  Se sceglie di esercitare questo diritto e Christie’s tratta i Suoi dati personali con mezzi automatici o nel contesto di un sistema di archiviazione, la stessa sarà tenuta a fornirLe la descrizione e una copia di tali dati personali e a informarLa dei motivi per cui viene effettuato il trattamento dopo aver verificato la sua identità e, se applicabile, i poteri di eventuali richiedenti terzi.
Altri diritti
Oltre al diritto di accedere alle Sue informazioni personali, Lei ha il diritto di ottenere la correzione o cancellazione di alcuni o tutti i Suoi dati personali, o di limitare, o opporsi, al loro trattamento.Se Lei ci ha fornito dei dati personali che vengono trattati in base a un contratto o un consenso (cfr. la sezione Quali dati personali trattiamo e perché?), potrebbe avere diritto a ricevere i suoi dati in personali forma leggibile a scopo di trasmetterli a un altro titolare del trattamento dei dati.Qualora la nostra società faccia affidamento sul Suo consenso come base di trattamento dei Suoi dati (cfr. la sezione Quali dati personali trattiamo e perché?), Lei ha diritto di revocare il suo consenso in qualsiasi momento. Ciò non pregiudica la liceità del trattamento dei Suoi dati personali da parte di Christie’s prima della revoca di tale consenso.
La preghiamo di contattare Christie’s all’indirizzo dataprivacy@christies.com per esercitare qualsiasi diritto sopra menzionato in relazione ai Suoi dati personali.
Diritti dei residenti della California
Se Lei è residente in California per maggiori informazioni sui Suoi diritti in materia di protezione dei dati personali la invitiamo a consultare la nostra “Informativa sulla privacy per i consumatori della California”.
Diritti dei residenti della Cina
Se Lei è residente in Cina, la invitiamo a consultare la nostra “Informativa sulla Privacy Supplementare - Cina”.
10. Informazioni di contatto
Per richieste di chiarimenti sul trattamento dei Suoi dati personali da parte di Christie’s La preghiamo di contattarci all’indirizzo dataprivacy@christies.com. Può inoltre contattare telefonicamente o via email il nostro Servizio Clienti.
11. Reclami
Lei ha il diritto di sporgere reclamo in qualsiasi momento all’autorità Garante della privacy competente. Ciò nonostante Le saremmo grati se Lei ci desse la possibilità di risolvere il problema prima di ricorrere a questa misura. A tale fine, La preghiamo di contattarci in prima istanza utilizzando gli estremi di contatto sopra riportati. Può inoltre contattare il nostro Servizio Clienti per telefono o via email.
Gli estremi di contatto delle autorità di regolamentazione della privacy dei dati possono essere trovati online, per esempio i dettagli dell’ufficio dell’Information Commissioner britannico (https://ico.org.uk/) del Garante francese (www.cnil.fr) delle altre autorità garanti dell’UE (www.edpb.europa.eu.)  dell’Incaricato federale della protezione dei dati e della trasparenza (https://www.edoeb.admin.ch), DIFC https://www.difc.ae/contact-us/.
12. Glossario
Adempimento di un obbligo legale
– il trattamento è necessario per assicurare l’osservanza degli obblighi a nostro carico previsti da leggi o regolamenti.
Consenso
– se Lei ci ha dato il Suo consenso specifico al trattamento dei Suoi dati personali.
Titolare del trattamento dei dati
– la persona che stabilisce gli scopi e i mezzi del trattamento dei dati personali.
SEE
– lo Spazio economico europeo, formato dai paesi membri dell’Unione europea più Norvegia, Islanda e Liechtenstein.
Sistema di archiviazione
– una raccolta strutturata di dati personali a cui è possibile accedere in base a criteri specifici.
Legittimo interesse
– il trattamento è necessario nel legittimo interesse di Christie’s o di terzi per svolgere, gestire e amministrare efficacemente e adeguatamente le rispettive attività commerciali (salvo qualora i Suoi interessi, diritti e libertà prevalgano sugli interessi di Christie’s o del terzo).
Esecuzione di un contratto
– il trattamento è necessario affinché Christie's possa adempiere ad obblighi o esercitare diritti contrattuali o altrimenti dare corso al contratto stipulato con Lei, ovvero per stipulare un contratto dietro Sua richiesta.
Dati personali
– tutti i dati relativi a una persona fisica identificata o identificabile. Tra questi sono compresi nome, ID utente, informazioni geografiche, indirizzi email, fotografie, richieste di assunzione, dati storici su acquisti effettuati, informazioni sul conto utente, opinioni e corrispondenza con tale persona.
Trattamento
– qualsiasi operazioni effettuata in relazione a dati personali come la loro raccolta, registrazione, conservazione, recupero, utilizzo, combinazione con altri dati, trasmissione, divulgazione o cancellazione.
Interesse pubblico
– il trattamento è necessario per adempiere a un compito svolto nel pubblico interesse.
Dati particolari
– dati relativi all’origine razziale o etnica, convinzioni e adesioni religiose, o filosofiche, vita sessuale e orientamento sessuale, opinioni politiche, appartenenza sindacale, salute e dati genetici e biometrici.
Ultimo aggiornamento: Gennaio 2024
私隱通知
引言
如同多數行業經營者一樣，佳士得保留及使用客戶及其它可能對佳士得服務感興趣人士的個人資料。
本私隱政策適用於佳士得在全球的業務，說明了我們所使用資料的類型，我們為甚麼使用資料及資料的使用對您的影響。 如您居於美國加州，請同時參閱我們的《加州消費者私隱聲明》（｢
CCPA聲明
｣）。如您是中國居民，請同時參閱我們的｢
中國私隱聲明補充
｣，當中包含適用於您的附加部分。
本私隱政策分為以下部分。
詞彙表
說明了｢個人資料｣、｢使用｣及本政策中使用的其他術語。
我們或會不時更新本私隱政策，並將在本網站上發佈經修訂的政策。 如適用，我們可能會透過電郵或在網站上通知您我們的私隱政策已經更新，但我們建議您定期瀏覽本網站。 任何更改將在發佈後立即生效。
1. 我們是誰
佳士得公司集團的詳細介紹請按
此
。
當您在拍賣會或透過私人洽購買賣或惠顧我們其他服務或商品時，您資料的管理人為委託銷售協議、業務規定、發票或協議上顯示的公司。 當您參與我們的活動、或親身參加我們的課程或講座，舉辦該課程或活動的拍賣場地或辦公室為您資料的管理人。
通過christies.com、education.christies.com、我們其他網站和應用程式、網上課程及物件資料模式收集資料的管理人為Christie Manson & Woods Ltd。
2. 我們如何及在甚麼時候收集您的個人資料？
您根據我們的要求作出回應時直接從您處收集
我們使用的關於您的個人資料大多數是直接來自於您（無論是直接當面、通過電話、紙本表格、電郵或從網上收集），如：
當您在拍賣會登記競投，同意經由佳士得銷售藏品或要求我們為您估價；
當您向我們的職員或代表表達對某類藏品的興趣；
當您訂閱佳士得的拍賣目錄、通訊或其他印刷品；
當您在christies.com網站上登記接收即將舉行的拍賣會資訊或相關特定領域的活動新聞或在網上完成註冊您的個人帳戶；
當您出席佳士得的現場或網上活動或參加我們的課程。
當您進行電話競投、致電我們的客戶服務、到訪我們的場所、網站或參加網上活動，我們都會自動收集資料
當您致電給我們的客戶服務團隊，使用我們的電話競投服務時，您的聲音會被自動錄音。
如果您親臨我們的現場，您的影像可能會被佳士得錄影。我們在拍賣場地和辦公室設有監控錄影以保護我們的員工、訪客以及我們銷售的藏品。 基於保安理由及為監測競投活動，我們會對拍賣會錄影。 我們的拍賣會和某些課程可以在我們網站上收看現場直播（某些拍賣會亦可在社交媒體上收看）。現場直播的鏡頭和收音主要集中在拍賣師／主持人及佳士得的專家身上，但現場的背景聲音和影像也有可能會被攝錄到。  出席者如不想被拍攝／錄影，應主動告知拍賣場地前台職員。
我們的網上活動和課程一般僅顯示和攝錄主持人的聲音和影像，例外情況包括進行圓桌討論、座談會及講座的時候。 如果您對某活動或課程的拍攝／錄影有疑問，請聯絡活動主辦者。
您在我們網頁上的互動，我們會借助cookies及其它類似技術來收集您的資料和您設備的技術資訊、瀏覽活動和模式。  如您瀏覽使用我們cookies的其他網站，我們可能也會收到您的技術資訊。 具體情況見下文及我們的Cookies政策。 您可以到我們網站上的cookies設置頁（｢cookies設置｣）隨時更改您的cookies設置。
從其他渠道收集資料
我們或會從其他渠道收集關於您及／或您所擁有或希望收藏的藏品的資訊，如：
當有人通知我們您獲授權代表其在佳士得競投或提取其藏品；
當有人將您介紹給我們（包括使用藏品搜索電郵轉寄功能向給你發送他們認為可能會讓您感興趣藏品的資訊）；
當我們搜索藝術品或其他物品時，在報章、展覽會目錄、公開拍賣會搜索結果及其它公共渠道獲得的有關您的信息，或我們的聯絡人向我們提供他們獲知的與物品或人員相關的意見回饋。
從信息分析服務商、廣告網路、社交媒體平臺和類似應用程式的獲取的技術資訊；
從公共渠道收集的身份、聯絡方式和其他資訊，如：公司及選民登記冊、公司業務識別、反欺詐、信用調查或為制裁、反洗錢目的及／或負面媒體而進行的篩查。
聚合及特殊資料
我們可能會收集、使用及分享聚合資料，如：統計或人口資料。聚合資料可從您的個人資料中提取，但在法律上不視為是個人資料，因為這類資訊不會直接或間接暴露您的身份，比如：我們可能會整合您的資料來計算瀏覽某一特定網站的用戶比例。但是，如果我們整合或將聚合資料與您個人資料相聯系而直接或間接識別您的身份，我們會把整合的資訊視為個人資料按照私隱政策的規定來使用。
除非為我們提供服務或使用的必要，我們不會收集特別資料。
3. 我們使用甚麼個人資料，為甚麼使用？
以下列出了我們使用的個人資料類型、使用目的和法律依據。 詞彙表提供更多有關使用資料之法律依據的資訊。
目的
個人資料示例
（請注意本列表未能函概所有情況）
使用的法律依據
為向您提供所需服務
（如：競投、銷售、估值、存儲、運輸、貸款及貸款轉介、目錄訂閱、修復、專家意見）
姓名、稱謂和聯絡方式（包括電郵地址、郵寄地址、電話號碼）；
您的銀行帳戶資訊（如果我們需要向您付款）、付款卡資訊或銀行轉帳收據（如果您需要向我們付款）；
您的介紹人或機構及其收取的費用；
與服務相關的藏品資訊；
服務的本質，包括協議條款；
如果藏品由您承擔風險，您的保險資訊；
財務資訊；
您和我們的溝通記錄（包括電話或網上競投記錄中的競投指示）
協議履行
為證明我們遵守法律要求（如：瞭解我們的客戶、防止洗錢、支付稅款及關稅、反歧視）及與監管者、執法機構及法院配合
您的出生日期、身份證明文件（包括相片）、地址證明文件、身份核實結果；
您和某機構的關係（如：您的工作職務；您是不是董事、股東、合夥人）；您的財富來源；您是否為政治敏感人物(politically exposed person (PEP))，是否為PEP的家庭成員或親密夥伴；
過往交易詳情（包括繳納稅項或代扣的稅項、您的資金來源）及／或藏品運輸情況（包括取得的通關許可或繳納的稅項）；
佳士得為殘疾人士或滿足您特殊合理需求而作出的調整；
與爭議或法律程式相關的資訊；
遵守法律義務
為保障您、我們工作人員及藏品在我們場地的安全
監控錄影
聯絡資料
合法利益  符合法律義務
為就即將舉辦的拍賣會、其他活動或您感興趣的藏品類別向您提供詳細資訊及進一步的佳士得服務
您的姓名、電郵地址及／或郵寄地址；
您的市場推廣和聯絡偏好（根據您在佳士得帳戶、佳士得網上偏好中心、紙本或電子的登記設定）
合法利益（對於曾要求或接受過服務的客戶）
您的同意 （對未要求或接受過服務，但已經訂閱接收佳士得網上通訊，在活動上和職員交流過的客戶）
為建立及維護藝術品的記錄，以協助我們(及, 就我們的公開記錄包括我們的網上拍賣品頁面及網頁版和印刷版目錄及廣泛公眾)鑒定真品、出處、所有權及藏品價值，防止欺詐、出售贓物或其他違法活動
您對相關藝術品或同類物品的利益、持有或所有權（過去或現持的所有權）；
與您相關物品的欺詐指控、贓物或其他非法活動；
與警方、法院、監管機構、其他政府或執法機構就與您或您的物品相關的溝通
合法利益
公眾利益
為檢視我們網站的運作，提升及個人化您的用戶體驗
技術資訊，包括您的網址、登錄資訊；
您瀏覽器的類型、版本和操作系統、時區設定和定位、瀏覽器插件程式類型及版本、從cookies、網頁記錄獲取的資訊； 類似用於檢視我們網站的使用且在我們網站上或網站外進行廣告推廣的技術獲取的資訊；
您使用佳士得帳戶及透過我們整個網站獲取的資訊,包括流覽行為、線上競投活動。；
合法利益
為檢視您對我們服務的使用；培訓我們的員工及提高您的客戶或用戶體驗
您的投訴、意見、對我們問卷或市場調查的回應；
您致電佳士得客戶服務時或使用我們電話競投服務時的錄音
合法利益
市場推廣
如您曾向我們索取資訊或從我們購買過產品或服務而您未有選擇不接收相關推廣，我們將向您發送有關我們服務的資訊（例如，通過電子郵件）。您可以通過聯繫
dataprivacy@christies.com
或點擊任何資訊中的取消訂閱連結，要求我們停止（或開始）向您發送資訊。我們不會將您的個人資料傳送給將其用於自身市場宣傳或其他目的之機構。
4. 誰會看到您的個人資料？
佳士得集團
您的個人資料會由最初收到資料的佳士得公司使用，也可能會傳送到佳士得集團內的其他公司使用。 請見以下｢
您個人資料會被跨國傳送嗎？
｣
佳士得集團外
我們不會將您的個人資料傳送給將其用於自身市場宣傳或其他目的之機構。我們僅與向我們提供服務的機構或使我們能夠向您提供服務的機構傳送您的個人資料（如：我們可能將您的資料傳送給我們的銀行、付款卡接收方、承運人、倉庫、保險人、協助我們鑒定藏品真偽或價值的專家；區塊鏈分析或為調查是否存在制裁、反洗錢及／或負面媒體目的履行鑒定、反欺詐、信用調查或篩查的公司；活動場地、餐飲公司、制定目錄及直接市場宣傳和銷售需要）。 我們向這些機構提供資料的前提是要求其保持資訊的安全和私密性，及在按指示履行提供服務的情況下使用。
當您出售或購買NFT或以加密貨幣付款，您的資料將視乎需要與佳士得接受的電子錢包和加密貨幣供應商共享（有關最新的可接受供應商列表，請參閱您有意競投的拍賣品的相關｢特別通知｣）以確保我們能夠完成您的買賣交易。請參閱相關公司的私隱聲明以了解您的個人資料將如何被使用。 當您購買NFT您的電子錢包資料將提供予賣家以執行轉移，NFT和加密貨幣交易資料也將在區塊鏈上可供查閱。
這些機構所在地有可能與向您收集個人資料的拍賣場地或辦公室不同。請見以下｢
您個人資料會被跨國傳送嗎？
｣
我們或需要保留和披露您的某些資料予有關第三方進行反洗錢及貿易制裁檢索，以協助防止欺詐和罪案調查、履行財務、稅務及任何其他監管報告要求，支持健康和安全合規以及用於研究和篩選服務。我們可能還需要向我們的金融機構、保險公司或審計師披露資訊（其目的包括證明佳士得遵守反洗黑錢、制裁和其他相關法規，或使其機構能夠完成盡職調查），和在我們的業務（或部分業務）發生重組、出售或轉讓的時候披露資訊。
如果執法部門、機關，其他實體或個人要求披露您的個人資料（如您的聯絡方式或購買資訊），我們僅會在經內部審查後確定按照法律要求我們需要披露或該披露是保護我們或他人權利且法律不禁止的情況下披露資料。
5. 您的個人資料會被跨國傳送嗎？
作為一個業務分佈40多個國家的全球性企業，佳士得可能在日常業務過程中將您的個人資料跨國傳送到佳士得的拍賣場地、辦公室、代表辦事處及就佳士得向您提供服務需要使用您的資料的其他機構（見：
誰可以看到我的資料？
）。 您的資料會被存儲在佳士得位於美國的伺服器上。
英國、歐洲經濟區國家(EEA) 、瑞士、中國和迪拜國際金融中心（DIFC）均要求當個人資料要被傳送到未經批准的國家時，應提供原則上保護標準相當的資料保護措施。 當將您的個人資料傳送到這些國家／中心以外時，我們有經認可的標準條款來規範對個人資料的使用。
如您有任何問題或想進一步瞭解我們如何將個人資料傳送到上述国家以外，請聯絡我們（見以下
聯絡資訊
）。
6. 我們保留您個人資料的期限
我們只會為提供相關服務、滿足業務稅務記錄、法律或其他監管部門的要求，及對潛在法律申索的保護和防禦需要而保留您的個人資料。
就我們為協助考證真偽、來源和所有權而對藝術品進行的研究和所有權記錄，只要有關資料符合我們合法的業務利益及公眾利益，我們將一直保留資料。請注意一經公告我們不會移除或修改藏品標題及出處資料。佳士得目錄及拍賣品頁面皆為重要的公共研究、市場透明度及，在相關的情況下，支持藏品價值的資源，故此，我們認為為了賣方、買方及一般公眾利益，應將經公告的藏品出處 無限期地保留予公眾在網上獲取 。除非適用法律另有規定我們維持此方式。
7. 我們如何保障您的個人資料安全
我們理解您個人資料的重要性並致力以最安全和審慎的標準對待您的個人資料。
我們以多重安全技術和監察來保護您的資訊，無論是在存放中或傳送中，您的個人資料不會被非法讀取或披露。 同時，我們限制只在業務上需要知悉您個人資料的特定員工、代理、承包商和其他第三方可以讀取您的個人資料。他們僅會按我們指示使用您的個人資料且負有保密義務。 此外，我們的員工須接受資料安全保護培訓，我們有全面的安全和資料保護政策要求員工在使用個人資料時遵守。
在資訊面臨不斷變化的威脅形勢下，我們時刻評估我們的安全防衛措施以確保您的個人資料持續受到保護。 對於疑似個人資料被違規使用的情況，我們有既定程序按法律要求通知您及相關的監管機構。
8. 第三方網站
佳士得網站可能包含非由佳士得操作的其他網站鏈結。 您提供給我們的資料不會被傳送到其他網站，但其他網站可能會按其自己的私隱政策收集您的個人資料。 佳士得對此類網站的私隱規定或內容不承擔任何責任。
9. 讀取您的資料及其它權利
如您對我們保留您的資料有任何問題可以向我們查詢，在某些情況下，您對您的個人資料擁有個人資料條例下的權利，包括：
讀取權
您可以要求我們提供我們所保留的您的個人資料副本（｢主體讀取要求｣）。 如果您行使此權利，而我們通過自動方式使用您的個人資料或作為備案系統的一部分使用您的資料，當我們核實您的身份及，如適用, 有關第三方請求者的權限，我們須向您提交一份個人資料的描述及副本，並向您解釋我們使用的理據。
其他權利
除了您的主體讀取權，您可能有權要求對自己某些或所有的資料進行更正或刪除，反對或限制其使用。如果您向我們提供了自己的資料，而使用依據是協議或您的同意（見：我們使用那些個人資料，為甚麼使用？），您或有權要求以電子格式取得資料用以傳送至其他資料管理方。 )
如果我們将您的同意作為對您個人資料的使用依據（見我們使用那些個人資料，為甚麼使用？），您可以隨時撤回您的同意。 在您撤回您的同意之前，不影響佳士得使用您個人資料的合法性。
如果您想行使上述與個人資料相關的權利，請電郵至：
dataprivacy@christies.com
聯絡我們。
加州消費者權利
如果您為加州消費者，請參閱本私隱政策 ｢
CCPA聲明
｣ 部分了解有關您私隱權利的更多資訊。
中國居民權利
如您是中國居民，請同時參閱我們的｢
中國私隱聲明補充
｣。
10.
聯絡資訊
如您對佳士得使用您個人資料有任何疑問，請電郵至
dataprivacy@christies.com
聯絡我們 。 您也可以致電或電郵聯絡我們的
客戶服務團隊
。
11. 投訴
您有權隨時向個人私隱監管機構投訴。 然而，我們當然希望可以在你提出投訴前有機會先照顧您的疑慮，請用以上聯絡方式第一時間聯絡我們。 您也可以致電或電郵聯絡我們的
客戶服務團隊
。
個人私隱監管機構聯絡資訊: 英國資訊委員專員辦公室(UK Information Commissioner’s Office) ：
https://ico.org.uk
; 法國監管機構（French Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés）：
www.cnil.fr
; 歐盟監管機構：
www.edpb.europa.eu
; 瑞士監管機構（Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner）：
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch
；及 DIFC監管機構：
www.difc.ae/contact-us/
.
12.
詞彙表
為遵守法律義務
： 為確保我們遵守法律和監管義務的必要而使用資料；
您的同意
：您就使用您的個人資料予以的特定許可；
資料管理人
： 決定使用個人資料的目的和方式的人士。
歐洲經濟區國家(EEA)
： 指包含歐盟成員國、挪威、冰島和列支敦斯登在內的歐洲經濟區。
備案系統
：可以按特定標準讀取的一系列個人資料。
合法利益
： 為確保我們或第三方有效及適當地維持、經營和管理我們各自業務過程中的合法利益的必要而使用資料（您的利益、權利及自由優先於我們或第三方的利益的情況除外）。
履行協議
：為履行協議義務、行使我們協議權利或履行與您之間的協議或按照您的要求逐步訂立協議的必要而使用資料。
個人資料
： 與識別或可識別自然人身份相關的資料。 包括姓名、用戶名稱、定位資訊、電郵地位、照片、工作申請、購買紀錄；用戶帳戶資料、意見、個人之間的通訊。
使用
： 對個人資料的操作，如：收集、記錄、存儲、恢復、使用、與其他資料合併、傳送、披露或刪除。
公眾利益
： 為完成出於公眾利益的任務的必要而使用資料。
特別資料
： 有關種族、族裔、宗教或哲理信念、性生活、性取向、政治觀點、工會會籍、健康和基因生物特徵資訊。
2024年1月更新
私隐通知
引言
如同多数行业经营者一样，佳士得保留及使用客户及其它可能对佳士得服务感兴趣人士的个人资料。
本私隐政策适用于佳士得在全球的业务，说明了我们所使用数据的类型，我们为甚么使用数据及数据的使用对您的影响。 如您居于美国加州，请同时参阅我们的《加州消费者私隐声明》（｢
CCPA声明
｣）。如您是中国居民，请同时参阅我们的｢
中国私隐声明补充
｣，当中包含适用于您的附加部分。
本私隐政策分为以下部分。
词汇表
说明了｢个人资料｣、｢使用｣及本政策中使用的其他术语。
我们或会不时更新本私隐政策，并将在本网站上发布经修订的政策。 如适用，我们可能会透过电邮或在网站上通知您我们的私隐政策已经更新，但我们建议您定期浏览本网站。 任何更改将在发布后立即生效。
1. 我们是谁
佳士得公司集团的详细介绍请按
此
。
当您在拍卖会或透过私人洽购买卖或惠顾我们其他服务或商品时，您数据的管理人为委托销售协议、业务规定、发票或协议上显示的公司。 当您参与我们的活动、或亲身参加我们的课程或讲座，举办该课程或活动的拍卖场地或办公室为您资料的管理人。
通过christies.com、education.christies.com、我们其他网站和应用程序、网上课程及对象数据模式收集数据的管理人为Christie Manson & Woods Ltd。
2. 我们如何及在甚么时候收集您的个人资料？
您根据我们的要求作出响应时直接从您处收集
我们使用的关于您的个人资料大多数是直接来自于您（无论是直接当面、通过电话、纸本表格、电邮或从网上收集），如：
当您在拍卖会登记竞投，同意经由佳士得销售藏品或要求我们为您估价；
当您向我们的职员或代表表达对某类藏品的兴趣；
当您订阅佳士得的拍卖目录、通讯或其他印刷品；
当您在christies.com网站上登记接收即将举行的拍卖会信息或相关特定领域的活动新闻或在网上完成注册您的个人账户；
当您出席佳士得的现场或网上活动或参加我们的课程。
当您进行电话竞投、致电我们的客户服务、到访我们的场所、网站或参加网上活动，我们都会自动收集数据
当您致电给我们的客户服务团队，使用我们的电话竞投服务时，您的声音会被自动录音。
如果您亲临我们的现场，您的影像可能会被佳士得录像。我们在拍卖场地和办公室设有监控录像以保护我们的员工、访客以及我们销售的藏品。 基于保安理由及为监测竞投活动，我们会对拍卖会录像。 我们的拍卖会和某些课程可以在我们网站上收看现场直播（某些拍卖会亦可在社交媒体上收看）。现场直播的镜头和收音主要集中在拍卖师／主持人及佳士得的专家身上，但现场的背景声音和影像也有可能会被摄录到。  出席者如不想被拍摄／录像，应主动告知拍卖场地前台职员。
我们的网上活动和课程一般仅显示和摄录主持人的声音和影像，例外情况包括进行圆桌讨论、座谈会及讲座的时候。 如果您对某活动或课程的拍摄／录像有疑问，请联络活动主办者。
您在我们网页上的互动，我们会借助cookies及其它类似技术来收集您的数据和您设备的技术信息、浏览活动和模式。  如您浏览使用我们cookies的其他网站，我们可能也会收到您的技术信息。 具体情况见下文及我们的Cookies政策。 您可以到我们网站上的cookies设置页（｢cookies设置｣）随时更改您的cookies设置。
从其他渠道收集资料
我们或会从其他渠道收集关于您及／或您所拥有或希望收藏的藏品的信息，如：
当有人通知我们您获授权代表其在佳士得竞投或提取其藏品；
当有人将您介绍给我们（包括使用藏品搜索电邮转寄功能向给你发送他们认为可能会让您感兴趣藏品的信息）；
当我们搜索艺术品或其他物品时，在报章、展览会目录、公开拍卖会搜索结果及其它公共渠道获得的有关您的信息，或我们的联络人向我们提供他们获知的与物品或人员相关的意见回馈。
从信息分析服务商、广告网络、社交媒体平台和类似应用程序的获取的技术信息；
从公共渠道收集的身份、联络方式和其他信息，如：公司及选民登记册、公司业务识别、反欺诈、信用调查或为制裁、反洗钱目的及／或负面媒体而进行的筛查。
聚合及特殊数据
我们可能会收集、使用及分享聚合数据，如：统计或人口资料。聚合资料可从您的个人资料中提取，但在法律上不视为是个人资料，因为这类信息不会直接或间接暴露您的身份，比如：我们可能会整合您的数据来计算浏览某一特定网站的用户比例。但是，如果我们整合或将聚合数据与您个人资料相联系而直接或间接识别您的身份，我们会把整合的信息视为个人资料按照私隐政策的规定来使用。
除非为我们提供服务或使用的必要，我们不会收集特别数据。
3. 我们使用甚么个人资料，为甚么使用？
以下列出了我们使用的个人资料类型、使用目的和法律依据。 词汇表提供更多有关使用数据之法律依据的信息。
目的
个人资料示例
（请注意本列表未能函概所有情况）
使用的法律依据
为向您提供所需服务
（如：竞投、销售、估值、存储、运输、贷款及贷款转介、目录订阅、修复、专家意见）
姓名、称谓和联络方式（包括电邮地址、邮件地址、电话号码）；
您的银行帐户信息（如果我们需要向您付款）、付款卡信息或银行转账收据（如果您需要向我们付款）；
您的介绍人或机构及其收取的费用；
与服务相关的藏品信息；
服务的本质，包括协议条款；
如果藏品由您承担风险，您的保险信息；
财务信息；
您和我们的沟通记录（包括电话或网上竞投记录中的竞投指示）
协议履行
为证明我们遵守法律要求（如：了解我们的客户、防止洗钱、支付税款及关税、反歧视）及与监管者、执法机构及法院配合
您的出生日期、身份证明文件（包括相片）、地址证明文件、身份核实结果；
您和某机构的关系（如：您的工作职务；您是不是董事、股东、合伙人）；您的财富来源；您是否为政治敏感人物(politically exposed person (PEP))，是否为PEP的家庭成员或亲密伙伴；
过往交易详情（包括缴纳税项或代扣的税项、您的资金来源）及／或藏品运输情况（包括取得的通关许可或缴纳的税项）；
佳士得为残疾人士或满足您特殊合理需求而作出的调整；
与争议或法律程序相关的信息；
遵守法律义务
为保障您、我们工作人员及藏品在我们场地的安全
监控录像
联络数据
合法利益  符合法律义务
为就即将举办的拍卖会、其他活动或您感兴趣的藏品类别向您提供详细信息及进一步的佳士得服务
您的姓名、电邮地址及／或邮件地址；
您的市场推广和联络偏好（根据您在佳士得账户、佳士得网上偏好中心、纸本或电子的登记设定）
合法利益（对于曾要求或接受过服务的客户）
您的同意 （对未要求或接受过服务，但已经订阅接收佳士得网上通讯，在活动上和职员交流过的客户）
为建立及维护艺术品的记录，以协助我们(及, 就我们的公开记录包括我们的网上拍卖品页面及网页版和印刷版目录及广泛公众鉴定真品、出处、所有权，及藏品价值防止欺诈、出售赃物或其他违法活动
您对相关艺术品或同类物品的利益、持有或所有权（过去或现持的所有权）；
与您相关物品的欺诈指控、赃物或其他非法活动；
与警方、法院、监管机构、其他政府或执法机构就与您或您的物品相关的沟通
合法利益
公众利益
为检视我们网站的运作，提升及个人化您的用户体验
技术信息，包括您的网址、登录信息；
您浏览器的类型、版本和操作系统、时区设定和定位、浏览器插件程序类型及版本、从cookies、网页记录获取的信息； 类似用于检视我们网站的使用且在我们网站上或网站外进行广告推广的技术获取的信息；
您使用佳士得账户及透过我们整个网站获取的信息，包括浏览行为、在线竞投活动；
合法利益
为检视您对我们服务的使用；培训我们的员工及提高您的客户或用户体验
您的投诉、意见、对我们问卷或市场调查的响应；
您致电佳士得客户服务时或使用我们电话竞投服务时的录音
合法利益
市场推广
如您曾向我们索取信息或从我们购买过产品或服务而您未有选择不接收相关推广，我们将向您发送有关我们服务的信息（例如，通过电子邮件）。您可以通过联系
dataprivacy@christies.com
或点击任何信息中的取消订阅链接，要求我们停止（或开始）向您发送信息。我们不会将您的个人资料传送给将其用于自身市场宣传或其他目的之机构。
4. 谁会看到您的个人资料？
佳士得集团
您的个人资料会由最初收到数据的佳士得公司使用，也可能会传送到佳士得集团内的其他公司使用。 请见以下｢
您个人资料会被跨国传送吗？
｣
佳士得集团外
我们不会将您的个人资料传送给将其用于自身市场宣传或其他目的之机构。 我们仅向我们提供服务的机构或使我们能够向您提供服务的机构传送您的个人资料（如：我们可能将您的数据传送给我们的银行、付款卡接收方、承运人、仓库、保险人、协助我们鉴定藏品真伪或价值的专家；区块链分析或为调查是否存在制裁、反洗钱及／或负面媒体目的履行鉴定、反欺诈、信用调查或筛查的公司；活动场地、餐饮公司、制定目录及直接市场宣传和销售需要）。 我们向这些机构提供数据的前提是要求其保持信息的安全和私密性，及在按指示履行提供服务的情况下使用。
当您出售或购买NFT或以加密货币付款，您的资料将视乎需要与佳士得接受的电子钱包和加密货币供应商共享（有关最新的可接受供应商列表，请参阅您有意竞投的拍卖品的相关｢特别通知｣）以确保我们能够完成您的买卖交易。请参阅相关公司的私隐声明以了解您的个人资料将如何被使用。 当您购买NFT您的电子钱包资料将提供予卖家以执行转移，NFT和加密货币交易资料也将在区块链上可供查阅。
这些机构所在地有可能与向您收集个人资料的拍卖场地或办公室不同。请见以下｢
您个人资料会被跨国传送吗？
｣
我们或需要保留和披露您的某些数据予有关第三方进行反洗钱及贸易制裁检索，以协助防止欺诈和罪案调查、履行财务、税务及任何其他监管报告要求，支持健康和安全合规以及用于研究和筛选服务。我们可能还需要向我们的金融机构、保险公司或审计师披露信息（其目的包括证明佳士得遵守反洗黑钱、制裁和其他相关法规，或使其机构能够完成尽职调查），和在我们的业务（或部分业务）发生重组、出售或转让的时候披露资料。
如果执法部门、机关、其他实体或个人要求披露您的个人资料（如您的联络方式或购买信息），我们仅会在经内部审查后确定按照法律要求我们需要披露或该披露是保护我们或他人权利且法律不禁止的情况下披露数据。
5. 您的个人资料会被跨国传送吗？
作为一个业务分布40多个国家的全球性企业，佳士得可能在日常业务过程中将您的个人资料跨国传送到佳士得的拍卖场地、办公室、代表办事处及就佳士得向您提供服务需要使用您的数据的其他机构（见：
谁可以看到我的数据？
）。 您的资料会被存储在佳士得位于美国的服务器上。
英国、欧洲经济区国家(EEA) 、瑞士、中国和迪拜国际金融中心（DIFC）均要求当个人资料要被传送到未经批准的国家时，应提供原则上保护标准相当的数据保护措施。 当将您的个人资料传送到这些国家／中心以外时，我们有经认可的标准条款来规范对个人资料的使用。
如您有任何问题或想进一步了解我们如何将个人资料传送到上述国家以外，请联络我们（见以下
联络信息
）。
6. 我们保留您个人资料的期限
我们只会为提供相关服务、满足业务税务记录、法律或其他监管部门的要求，及对潜在法律申索的保护和防御需要而保留您的个人资料。
就我们为协助考证真伪、来源和所有权而对艺术品进行的研究和所有权记录，只要有关数据符合我们合法的业务利益及公众利益，我们将一直保留数据。请注意一经公告我们不会移除或修改藏品标题及出处资料。佳士得目录及拍卖品页面皆为重要的公共研究、市场透明度及，在相关的情况下，支持藏品价值的资源，故此，我们认为为了卖方、买方及一般公众利益，应将经公告的藏品出处 无限期地保留予公众在网上获取 。除非适用法律另有规定我们维持此方式。
7. 我们如何保障您的个人资料安全
我们理解您个人资料的重要性并致力以最安全和审慎的标准对待您的个人资料。
我们以多重安全技术和监察来保护您的信息，无论是在存放中或传送中，您的个人资料不会被非法读取或披露。 同时，我们限制只在业务上需要知悉您个人资料的特定员工、代理、承包商和其他第三方可以读取您的个人资料。他们仅会按我们指示使用您的个人资料且负有保密义务。 此外，我们的员工须接受数据安全保护培训，我们有全面的安全和数据保护政策要求员工在使用个人资料时遵守。
在信息面临不断变化的威胁形势下，我们时刻评估我们的安全防卫措施以确保您的个人资料持续受到保护。 对于疑似个人资料被违规使用的情况，我们有既定程序按法律要求通知您及相关的监管机构。
8. 第三方网站
佳士得网站可能包含非由佳士得操作的其他网站链结。 您提供给我们的数据不会被传送到其他网站，但其他网站可能会按其自己的私隐政策收集您的个人资料。 佳士得对此类网站的私隐规定或内容不承担任何责任。
9. 读取您的数据及其它权利
如您对我们保留您的资料有任何问题可以向我们查询，在某些情况下，您对您的个人资料拥有个人资料条例下的权利，包括：
读取权
您可以要求我们提供我们所保留的您的个人资料副本（｢主体读取要求｣）。 如果您行使此权利，而我们通过自动方式使用您的个人资料或作为备案系统的一部分使用您的数据，当我们核实您的身份及，如适用, 有关第三方请求者的权限，我们须向您提交一份个人资料的描述及副本，并向您解释我们使用的理据。
其他权利
除了您的主体读取权，您可能有权要求对自己某些或所有的数据进行更正或删除，反对或限制其使用。
如果您向我们提供了自己的数据，而使用依据是协议或您的同意（见：我们使用那些个人资料，为甚么使用？），您或有权要求以电子格式取得数据用以传送至其他数据管理方。 )
如果我们将您的同意作为对您个人资料的使用依据（见我们使用那些个人资料，为甚么使用？），您可以随时撤回您的同意。 在您撤回您的同意之前，不影响佳士得使用您个人资料的合法性。
如果您想行使上述与个人资料相关的权利，请电邮至：
dataprivacy@christies.com
联络我们。
加州消费者权利
如果您为加州消费者，请参阅本私隐政策 ｢
CCPA声明
｣ 部分了解有关您私隐权利的更多信息。
中国居民权利
如您是中国居民，请同时参阅我们的｢
中国私隐声明补充
｣。
10.
联络信息
如您对佳士得使用您个人资料有任何疑问，请电邮至
dataprivacy@christies.com
联络我们 。 您也可以致电或电邮联络我们的
客户服务团队
。
11. 投诉
您有权随时向个人私隐监管机构投诉。 然而，我们当然希望可以在你提出投诉前有机会先照顾您的疑虑，请用以上联络方式第一时间联络我们。 您也可以致电或电邮联络我们的
客户服务团队
。
个人私隐监管机构联络信息: 英国信息委员专员办公室(UK Information Commissioner’s Office) ：
https://ico. org.uk
; 法国监管机构（French Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés）：
www.cnil.fr
; 欧盟监管机构：
www.edpb.europa.eu
; 瑞士監管機構（Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner）：
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch
；及 DIFC监管机构：
www.difc.ae/contact-us/
.
12.
词汇表
为遵守法律义务
： 为确保我们遵守法律和监管义务的必要而使用数据；
您的同意
：您就使用您的个人资料予以的特定许可；
资料管理人
： 决定使用个人资料的目的和方式的人士。
欧洲经济区国家(EEA)
： 指包含欧盟成员国、挪威、冰岛和列支敦士登在内的欧洲经济区。
备案系统
：可以按特定标准读取的一系列个人资料。
合法利益
： 为确保我们或第三方有效及适当地维持、经营和管理我们各自业务过程中的合法利益的必要而使用数据（您的利益、权利及自由优先于我们或第三方的利益的情况除外）。
履行协议
：为履行协议义务、行使我们协议权利或履行与您之间的协议或按照您的要求逐步订立协议的必要而使用数据。
个人资料
： 与识别或可识别自然人身份相关的数据。 包括姓名、用户名称、定位信息、电邮地位、照片、工作申请、购买纪录；用户帐户数据、意见、个人之间的通讯。
使用
： 对个人资料的操作，如：收集、记录、存储、恢复、使用、与其他数据合并、传送、披露或删除。
公众利益
： 为完成出于公众利益的任务的必要而使用数据。
特别资料
： 有关种族、族裔、宗教或哲理信念、性生活、性取向、政治观点、工会会籍、健康和基因生物特征信息。
2024年1月更新
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.christies.com/en/privacy-centre/overview:
Privacy Notice
California Consumer Privacy Statement
Supplementary China Privacy Notice
Recruitment Privacy Policy (California)
Recruitment Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Security
Cookie settings
We use
cookies
to personalise your experience on our site, in our communications and across the web.
necessary cookies only
Accept all
Cookie settings
Sub-policy 1
https://www.christies.com/en/privacy-centre/supplementary-china-privacy-notice/overview:
If we change the purposes or legal basis for processing your personal data, how we process your personal data or the types of personal data we process, we will seek further consent from you.
Where we have put an asterisk next to certain personal data in Section 3
“What personal data do we process and why?”
of the Privacy Notice, this is to let you know that the data could be sensitive personal information. We will ask for your separate consent for processing sensitive personal information. Please indicate your consent when prompted.
In circumstances where your personal data is shared between and used by members of the Christie’s Group which are based outside China, each such member will process your personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy. You may contact them by using the contact details mentioned in Section 10
“Contact Information”
. We will ask for your separate consent for the sharing and the transfer. Please indicate your consent when prompted.
The terms “personal data”, “special category of data” and “data controller” although defined in the Privacy Policy should be read to mean “personal information”, “sensitive personal information” and “data handler” as these terms are used and defined under the China Personal Information Protection Law and related regulations and measures. If there is any inconsistency of the terms as they are defined in the Privacy Policy, the statutory definition will prevail.
Cookie settings
We use
cookies
to personalise your experience on our site, in our communications and across the web.
necessary cookies only
Accept all
Cookie settings
Sub-policy 2
https://www.christies.com/en/privacy-centre/california-consumer-privacy-statement:
Cookie settings
We use
cookies
to personalise your experience on our site, in our communications and across the web.
necessary cookies only
Accept all
Cookie settings