We use cookies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content and targeted ads, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from.
I agree
I decline
Change my preferences
Home
Information
Overview
Usage Guide
Product Types
Subscriptions
Event Content
Platform Comparision
Outlook Add-In
Pricing
Prices and Features
Cost Calculator
Extensions
Theme Store
App Store
Developer
Company
About Us
Contact
Live Chat
Partners
News
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Impressum
Blog
DE
EN
Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Flickrocket, Inc.'s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Flickrocket, Inc.'s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Flickrocket, Inc. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Flickrocket, Inc.'s web site are provided "as is". Flickrocket, Inc. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Flickrocket, Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Flickrocket, Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Flickrocket, Inc.'s Internet site, even if Flickrocket, Inc. or a Flickrocket, Inc. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Flickrocket, Inc.'s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Flickrocket, Inc. does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Flickrocket, Inc. may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Flickrocket, Inc. does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Flickrocket, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Flickrocket, Inc. of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Flickrocket, Inc. may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Flickrocket, Inc.'s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of NY without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. You can read our
Privacy Policy here
. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Product Delivery
Digital content is made available for download immediately upon payment method approval via the Flux Player. Links to access the Flux Player are displayed at the end of the checkout process and in the instruction provided in the email receipt. In the case of redemption/authorization codes, content is available immediately after redemption of code in the Flux Player.
Refund/Return Policy
FlickRocket does not offer refunds or a return of digital downloads and the associated transaction fees.
Account Billing
Accounts are invoiced at the end of each month and charged for all fees due at that time.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.flickrocket.com/company/privacy-policy:
Not Found
The requested resource was not found on this server.