Last updated :
04/10/2022
METEO CONSULT Group (hereinafter referred to as “ our Company ”), respects your right to privacy.
                    This privacy policy (as well as our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
, our
Cookie policy
, as well as any other document
                     or information notice referring to this policy) informs you of the manner in which your personal data is collected
                      on
www.weathercrave.co.uk
(hereinafter referred to as the “
Website
”), the App La Chaîne Météo (hereinafter referred to as the “
App
”),
                       as well as services proposed via the Website or App, such as subscription to our publications or registration to our information lists
                        (hereinafter referred to as ”
Services
”).
This policy does not concern processing implemented for editorial purposes on the Website or App.
To view
our
cookies
policy, as well as our practices in terms of
online publicity targeting
,
                         please consult the
cookies
policy on this Website. If you wish to directly set up your choices
                          for the use of cookies on this Website, please click
here
This policy provides responses to the following questions:
What people collect data via the Website, App or Services?
The collection of personal data via the Website, App and for Services is undertaken primarily under the liability of the Company. However,some functions of the Website, App or use of some services such as publicity display, access to products and services proposed on the Website or App by third parties, the use of links towards third party websites involve the processing of your information by third parties.
To find out more
What information is collected in the framework of the Website, App and use of the Services?
Use of the Website, App and Services leads to direct collection of personal data, such as that which you declare to us during use of the Services or when you contact us. Information concerning activities on the Website, App and use of the Services, including login and browsing data is also collected without however enabling direct identification of a user. This information does however allow for association of data for a single user, including that collected from websites/applications from other entities of Figaro Group or client websites/apps of our advertising partners and regardless of the terminal used and to produce user profiles for commercial and publicity targeting. For users with an account, the profile generated is associated with the user.
To find out more
Why do you collect personal data?
We collect persona data primarily for the following reasons:
to facilitate use of the Website, App and Services,
to manage interactions with users and display adverts on the Website and/this App and other websites/aps (such is the case for browsing data) ;
to manage our relations with users/subscribers and more widely account holders], to provide them with Services subscribed,
to send promotional offers to our users/subscribers and prospective users which are more often personalised in line with areas of interest.
To find out more
For how long is this information stored?
Generally, your personal data is stored in an active database for as long as required for management of subscribed Services as well as for as long as your user account remains active, before being archived to meet our legal obligations (notably for the purpose of providing proof). Some of your data may be stored after your account is closed to manage pending claims or disputes.
To find out more
With whom do you share this information?
Your personal data is sent to our service providers and sub-contractors as necessary for management of the Website, App and subscribed Services, with it being understood that some services may be provided to other entities of Figaro Group. Notwithstanding any other options, this information may be shared with other entities in Figaro Group and our commercial partners, so as to allow us to make promotional offers to you, including third parties, as well as for publicity purposes.
To find out more
How do you guarantee the security of my personal data?
We implement measures intended to guarantee security of the Website, App and Services and to protect your personal data against any access by unauthorised third parties.
To find out more
Is personal data transferred outside of the European Union ?
We store your personal data within the EU. However, it is possible that the data we collect when you use our Website, App or Services be transferred outside of the EU to countries whose data protection legislation differs to that applicable in France.  In this instance, we implement guarantees for which provision is made by data protection legislation so as to guarantee an adequate level of protection of data transferred.
To find out more
How to unsubscribe from newsletters, manage options for communication and commercial canvassing ?
At any time, you can unsubscribe from newsletters and manage your options in terms of commercial canvassing.
To find out more and use your options
What are your choices if you do not wish to receive targeted advertising ?
At any time, you can withdraw your consent for use of the technologies of our advertising partners for targeted publicity.
Warning, refusing targeted publicity only means that adverts displayed on this Website or on Service areas will no longer be adapted to your areas of interest. This will not affect or prevent the display or receipt of other types of untargeted publicity.
To find out more and use your options
How can you access your personal data? How can you correct or delete data or exercise your other rights ?
You have several rights (access, rectification, deletion, objection and limitation, portability, claims) pursuant to data protection legislation allowing you to control the processing of your personal data.
To find out more and exercise your rights
How can you contact us ?
How are you informed of changes to this policy ?
What people collect your personal data via the Website or Services ?
The Website
, the App and the Services of La Chaîne Météo. Notwithstanding any other indication, in its capacity as editor of the Website and App, La Chaîne Météo has the capacity of data processor as defined by data protection legislation implemented to ensure operation of the Website, App and provision of the Services.
Publicity display.
However, some processing necessary for the display of adverts on the Website or App (for instance adverts or sponsored links) are implemented in whole or in part by third party partners who are liable for the technologies used so as to allow for the collection of data (such as identifiers included in cookies associated with pages visited), for targeted publicity, including on other websites. On this issue, we invite you to refer to our
cookie policy
by consulting the Cookie policy for this website.
Third party services and events.
Some services or events are proposed in the framework of partnerships such as the organisation of a competition or event. If, in this framework, data is also collected by a third party, we will inform you at the time of registration. In this instance, it is also necessary, prior to subscribing Services or participating in events, to consult the policies of these third parties.
Links towards other sites.
The Website may also include links towards other websites or services proposed by third parties. This policy is not applicable to these websites or services. In this instance, we invite you to consult data protection practices for these websites or third parties.
What information is collected in the framework of the Website, App and use of the Services ?
We collect several types of personal data about you :
Data you have declared to us :
This is identification and contact information (such as your surname, forename, civil status, email address, postal address, telephone number, preferences, services subscribed, object of the request when you write to us or contact one of our advisors, your login information, connection information, information concerning payment terms and/or bank details) which you send us at the time of subscribing to one of our Services or participation in our events, or when you contact us.
Data generated due to your use of the Website, App and Services when you are identified
such as your areas of interest, commercial canvassing options, frequency and intensity of use of our services, history of logins….
Data collected automatically concerning your browsing whether or not you are logged in :
This concerns information which is attached to your browser (such as your online activities on the Website or App, your visits to pages, etc.). This information is collected when you log in as well as when you are not logged in and is reconciled, regardless of the terminal you use. This website uses tracing technology of advertising partners: To find out more, we invite you to consult our Cookie policy.
Geographical location data:
when you are connected using the App and have activated the option, we collect information concerning your location so as to propose ads and services in relation with your geographical position.
If location data is allowed in the background, we collect thoses informations either when you are not connected using the App.
If you do not want us to use your location data, simply deactivate the geographical location function in the settings on your terminal or only deactivate the collect in the background.
Data sent by third party partners :
This concerns information which has been sent to us by third party partners with whom you have been in contact and who you have authorised to share your personal data for commercial canvassing or targeted publicity. This may concern socio demographic data (such as your socio-professional category, age range, gender), contact details (such as your email address, telephone number), profile data (such as your like for certain products or services, your areas of interest).
Combination of data.
The Company and third party advertisers may combine data obtained from all of these sources with other data in their possession and produce profile data allowing for targeted publicity.
Why do we collect personal data?
Browsing on the Website or App.
Generally speaking, you can browse on the Website or App without needing to send us any identification data. However, some sections of the Website, the App or some paid-for content is only accessible for identified users having created a
user account
.
Moreover, free and unrestricted access to content on the Website, App and some Services is funded by income made from publicity distributed on the Website, App or in the Services. In order to enable the display of adverts which are of interest to you, the Website and App use
targeted publicity
technologies implemented by the Company or by our commercial partners. To find out more about these technologies, we invite you to consult our
Cookie policy
.
Interactions with the Website, App and Services.
The Company is also led to collect personal data pertaining to users of the Website, App and Services in those instances and for those purposes outlined below:
Creation of a user account, including account validation and security
Subscription to our newsletters, subscription and access to our publications
Management of our contacts with you in the framework of any questions, technical assistance requests, claims which you may make, calls to advisors
Guaranteeing the security of the Website, App and Services.
Management of Services subscribed.
We use data that we collect for management of the Services subscribed and fulfil our contractual obligations,
                        to ensure account and financial management (invoicing, payment supervision, processing claims and incidents, including managing credit recovery and dispute resolution, etc.)
                         in line with terms and conditions for which provision is made in our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
.
Promotional offers.
Notwithstanding any other
options
, we use data collected on the Website, App or in the Services for management of commercial canvassing and:
To allow us to let you receive specific services and promotions, by undertaking commercial canvassing which is the result of targeted publicity and which may be determined in line with your browsing habits or use of services subscribed on this Website or with partners.
To organise events, competitions, surveys and studies.
Publicity.
Notwithstanding any other options, we establish the profiles of users and undertake targeted publicity to send you or to display on the Website or App,
                         offers adapted to your areas of interest and/or your geographical position or which we believe are likely to interest you, including using technology which places
Cookies
on your terminal or in emails which we send out.  Similarly, our advertising partners may also establish such profiles to send you or display on the Website/App
                           any sponsored links, as well as to send you or display such content on other websites.
When you visit our website, we may as data controllers share personal data or other information that we collect from you, such as your IP address and/or information about your browser or operating system, with ID5 and its
                        group companies.
ID5 uses this information to create an ID to recognise you on your devices. This ID does not contain any of your personally identifiable data.
We may place this identifier in a first-party cookie or use an ID5 cookie and allow it to be used for online advertising purposes. This ID may be shared by us or on our behalf with our advertising partners and other third-party advertising companies globally for the purpose of providing interest-based content and/or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g., on the web, in emails, on connected devices, in-app, etc.). Detailed information on ID5's data processing activities related to this ID and the ID5 opt-out is available in the ID5 Platform Privacy Policy here:
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy
.
                        You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt out of the processing of your personal data at any time.
Statistics.
We also use data collected for surveys and statistical purposes.
Some data is also stored to meet our legal obligations and defend our interests in the event of any dispute or legal action.
What is the legal basis for collecting data ?
We only collect personal data when we have a legal basis to do so.
The collection of personal data as outlined hereinabove is undertaken as this is :
1 - Necessary for performance of contracts you have taken out (user account, subscriptions, etc.).
2 - Necessary for our legitimate best interests, notably to offer you adapted content, undertake statistics, for protection of the Website and App against any unauthorised use.
3 - Necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Aside for these instances, this data is also collected on the basis of your consent, for instance when you complete a contact form, send us a claim,
                        when you post a comment on a forum or where consent is required by law, for instance to send you an email or sms with partner offers.
For how long is your data stored ?
Duration of your relations.
Generally speaking, your personal data is stored for the entire duration of your relations with us, and is then archived so as to meet our legal obligations or as proof or is made anonymous for studies and statistical purposes.
Data stored after deletion of your account.
In certain cases, we may store some of your personal data even if you delete your account,
                        as a legal obligation, or if there is still a problem concerning this account, for instance a debit balance or the presence of an outstanding
                         claim or unresolved dispute. In this instance, the data required for resolution of the problem or dispute will be stored for as long as the dispute
                          lasts in the limit of rules applicable for statutes of limitations.
With whom do we share your data ?
In the framework of using the Services, some of your information is sent to our service providers and sub-contractors who are involved in provision of the Service in the limit required for their intervention. Some of these services may be provided by other entities of Figaro Group. Consequently, your payment details are sent to our payment service providers and to banks holding accounts in the framework of performance of transactions pertaining to your subscriptions/purchases.
Notwithstanding any other options, your personal data, including identity, contact details, history of subscription, areas of interest and user profile, as well as that pertaining to people who contact us (identity, details, object of the request and response provided), is shared between entities of Figaro Group for centralised management of client relations, studies, analysis and segmentation, as well as for commercial canvassing. Some of this information such as your contact details, areas of interest, age or socio-professional category, and geographical location are shared with our commercial partners who are likely to send you information concerning their products and services.
We may also be led to share your data with external counsel in the event of any disputes, or with third parties, such as debt recovery firms, responsible for recovering unpaid amounts or our service providers responsible for moderating discussion forums on the Website.
Your personal data may also be shared in instances not outlined hereinabove with your consent or when we are bound to do so pursuant to law. Consequently, when you use the social network buttons or you log in to your account on the Website using login modules managed by these social networks, data pertaining to your identification is automatically sent to these social networks.
In such instance as the activities of the Company are sold in whole or in part, your Personal Data will be sent to the buyer so as to guarantee continuity of the Services and/or notwithstanding any other options, for commercial canvassing.
How is the security of my personal data guaranteed ?
Your personal data is protected by technical and organisational measures which comply with legal and regulatory requirements in France and Europe, protecting their security and confidentiality.
In particular, the Company uses protection technologies, such as encryption, authentication, and fraud detection systems so as to protect your online account, as well as payment transactions.
The Company guarantees, pursuant to written commitments, that its service providers present sufficient guarantees to ensure the protection of personal data for which processing is conferred thereunto.
Is personal data transferred outside of the European Union? With what guarantees ?
We store your Personal Data in the European Union. However, it is possible that the data we collect when you use our Website, App or Services be transferred outside of the European Union to countries whose data protection legislation differs to that applicable in France.
Such transfers are undertaken in return for appropriate guarantees in compliance with data protection regulations applicable.
Upon request, we can provide you with the list of countries where we store data and those where we occasionally process data.
How can you unsubscribe from newsletters, manage commercial canvassing and communication options ?
How can you unsubscribe from newsletters?
After logging in with your identification information, in the top right corner of your screen, click on
your initials
, and then on
My space
and click on the dustbin icon in front of the newsletters which you no longer wish to receive.
What are my commercial protection options ?
Commercial canvassing.
Pursuant to legislation applicable and your consent where required, we may use data you provide us with when creating your account or using Services for commercial canvassing for instance to send you promotional offers, including third parties, send invitations to our events or any other communication likely to be of interest to you. We can also share some information with our commercial partners for commercial canvassing.
If you do not wish for such use of your personal data, please contact us in the manner outlined under the section
Contact us
.
Promotional emails :
At any time you can withdraw your consent by :
Unticking the corresponding box in your account accessible after logging in via the section entitled “my space” and then clicking on “Edit my profile”
Clicking on the unsubscribe link inserted in each of our communications
Postal correspondence
, at any time you can object  by contacting us in line with the terms outlined under the section entitled
Contact us
.
What can you do if you do not want to receive targeted publicity ?
We may also use this by associating it with your browsing data using cookies for targeted publicity for instance to display on our Website, App or the website of third parties, adverts which are adapted to your profile or which we consider as likely to be of interest or for commercial switching when you read an email including a particular offer. This type of targeting is made possible by the use of technologies of our advertising partners to link browsing data of a single user on the Website, App, social media platforms or third party websites and regardless of the terminal used.
On social network platforms (for instance Facebook and Twitter): You can object to this processing at any time by configuring the settings pertaining to publicity in your account
On third party websites: You can refer to our
Cookies policy
to understand how to withdraw your consent.
Warning, refusing targeted publicity only means that adverts displayed on this Website or within the Services will no longer be adapted to your areas of interest. This will not affect or prevent the display or receipt of other types of advertising, which is not targeted.
How can I access my personal data? How can I correct this data or exercise my other rights ?
Access and copies
You have a right to access and be sent your personal data.
Before responding to your request, we are bound by law to check your identity. We may be led to request that you provide us with further information to respond to your request. We will strive to follow up with your request as soon as practically possible.
If you have an account, you can directly access
data included in your account online, as well as your subscriptions:
log in to your account
This access will also allow you to correct, amend or delete your contact information.
If you cannot access your account or to access other data, please contact us using the terms indicted under the section entitled
Contact us
above.
Correct inaccurate personal data
You can also request correction of your personal data which is incorrect and limit processing whilst being corrected. You are also entitled, depending on the nature of processing, to request that personal data we hold be completed. In this instance, we are likely to request supporting documentation as justification.
If you cannot access your account or if the data you want to correct cannot be corrected via accessing your account, contact us in line with the terms indicated under the section entitled
Contact us
above.
Withdraw your consent for personal data processing
When processing of your personal data rests on your consent such as, for instance, the participation in a competition, registration in an event, the issue of electronic commercial requests for services and products other than those which you have already subscribed, you are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
This right can be exercised by amending your options  in terms of commercial canvassing and subscriptions to your newsletter,
                             as well as by withdrawing your consent for the placement of cookies in line with the terms indicated in our
cookies policy
.
Delete your personal data
You can also request that your personal data be deleted in the following instances:
You consider that it is no longer necessary for us to process your personal data in light of the Services subscribed or your use of
                           the Website, App, or performance of the
purposes indicated hereinabove
in this policy or the storage thereof runs contrary to law
You have withdrawn your consent for processing of your data (see above  Withdraw your consent for processing your personal data)
You object to processing your personal data for grounds related to your personal circumstances
You object to use of your data for commercial canvassing
Your data has been collected online even though you are minor.
You may alternatively, in the limits for which provision is made by law, request limitation of processing of your personal data.
Please note that notwithstanding exercising your right to deletion or limitation, we may store some of your personal data where
                             law requires or imposes or authorises us, where we have a legitimate ground to do so, to defend our rights in court or when exercising
                              this right harms your right to freedom of expression and information. This is, for instance, the case if we believe that you have breached
                               our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
.
Notify us of your post mortem directives
You are also entitled to define directives pertaining to what happens to your data after your death.
Contact us
For any questions pertaining to this data protection policy or for any request pertaining to your personal data, you can contact us :
Online
by sending us an email to the following address: dpo@meteoconsult.fr
By post
to the following address: METEO CONSULT, Service DPO, 1 rue Jean-Antoine de Baïf – 78540 Vernouillet
Claims :
When you observe that your rights are not respected or that protection of your data is no longer being guaranteed,
                            you are entitled to refer the case to the CNIL (French National Data Protection Authority) with any claim concerning the processing
                             of your personal data.
How can I be notified of any changes to the policy ?
Important note :
We may change this policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, to more clearly outline our practices
                            or to ensure respect of regulations. In this instance, you will be notified by a message on this website inviting you to consult
                            the updated policy, as well as by any other appropriate means.
Version updated on 03/10/2018
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our  878 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy
What is the ID5 Platform (or the "Platform")?
ID5 operates an identity platform for the digital advertising industry.
      By "Platform", we mean that we provide technology that websites, mobile
      apps and publishers of other internet-connected properties (such as
      internet-connected TV's), use to recognize users on their websites,
      mobile apps and other digital media properties (which we collectively
      refer to as "
Digital Properties
"), and that
      advertisers, or companies on an advertiser's behalf, use to target
      advertising to users in the most efficient way possible. Digital
      publishers and other "sellers" want their ads to be relevant to their
      readers, which helps them to offer content for no cost or lower cost.
      Advertisers, advertising agencies, and other "buyers" want to use their
      advertising dollars efficiently by reaching the right audiences, and by
      measuring the effectiveness of their ads. To accomplish these goals, our
      clients – including digital publishers and advertising technology
      platforms and service providers – use our Platform to more efficiently
      and effectively recognize their users and/or to enable their own clients
      to do so. ID5 is not an ad network, a media buyer or seller, or a data
      broker. We do not own digital properties on which we advertise, and we
      engage in advertising only in a limited manner for our own recruiting
      purposes and to advertise to other businesses (not to consumers).
What do we mean by Platform Data?
The Platform is designed to use certain types of information, that
      collectively we call "
Platform Data
". This includes
      information collected by our technology, products and services on the
      Digital Properties ("
Collected Data
"), which may
      include such information as IP address, unique browser or device
      identifiers, and the latitude and longitude of your device when you view
      a website that may want to show you an ad; (ii) information provided or
      uploaded to us or our Platform by our clients ("
Client Data
"), which typically includes a "hashed" copy of your email address
      ("hashing" prevents us from seeing the actual email address); and (iii)
      "
ID5 IDs
" (described below), which are random unique
      identifiers that we create and connect to Collected Data and/or Client
      Data. See "
What Information Do We Collect?
" below for more details on the type of information that may be
      included in Platform Data.
Some Platform Data (for example, cookie IDs, mobile advertising
      identifiers, ID5 IDs, and IP addresses) may identify a particular
      computer or device, and may be considered "Personal Data" or "personal
      information" (or another term with a substantially similar definition
      and obligations) in some jurisdictions, including the European Economic
      Area (see below on the meaning of "Personal Data" under the EU General
      Data Protection Regulation) and certain U.S. states. This data - which
      we call "Personal Data" - allows us to recognize a particular computer
      or device over time. We call cookie IDs, mobile advertising IDs, ID5
      IDs, and other random unique identifiers "
Digital Identifiers
".
Our Platform is not designed to utilize information that by itself
      identifies an individual in the "real world", such as "un-hashed" (i.e.,
      actual) name, address, phone number, email address, or government
      identifier. Instead, it is designed to utilize only Digital Identifiers
      that enable the recognition of a specific device or browser.
For European Jurisdiction data subjects, what is the meaning of
      "Personal Data" under the EU General Data Protection Regulation
      ("GDPR"), and what does this mean for Platform Data?
Under GDPR, "
Personal Data
" means any data relating to
      an individual who can be identified, directly or indirectly, from that
      data. It can take the form of a name or address, and can also extend to
      unique identifiers that do not tell us who an Internet user is in the
      "real world" but may, when combined with other information, allow the
      identification of an individual.
Our Platform does not rely on Personal Data that identifies you as an
      individual in the "real world", such as your actual, un-hashed name,
      email address, or phone number. When you (an Internet user) first visit
      a Digital Property that has integrated our technology, this triggers a
      request to our Platform. When this occurs, we assign an "ID5 ID" to your
      browser or device, which allows the Platform to recognize your browser
      or device the next time it visits another Digital Property that has
      integrated our technology. Such Digital Identifiers are considered
      "Personal Data" under the GDPR.
This allows our clients and certain other third parties selected by our
      clients to sync their own Digital Identifiers against this ID5 ID (see
      "
ID Syncing
" below) so that our clients can
      use their own data on other platforms that they may have associated with
      their own Digital Identifiers.
Glossary of Certain Terms
Browser
: A browser, or web browser, is the user interface or
      application through which you view web Digital Properties. Examples of
      prominent browsers are Microsoft's Internet Explorer, Google's Chrome,
      Apple's Safari, and Mozilla's Firefox.
Cookie
: A cookie is a small text file that is stored in a web
      browser by a website or Ad Server. By saving information in a cookie,
      websites and servers can remember preferences or recognize web browsers
      from one visit to another or from one website to another. Cookie IDs are
      Digital Identifiers.
ID Syncing
: ID syncing (sometimes also referred to as cookie
      syncing) is a common and long-standing process in the digital
      advertising industry that enables advertisers to link up data from
      multiple advertising platforms. (In other words, it helps advertisers
      buy ads in more than one place and on more than one service.)
Here's an example of how ID syncing works. Let's say you sell a product
      on your website. A customer visits your site. Your website stores a
      cookie to recognize that customer's browser, and the cookie contains an
      ID of 12345. You then associate that ID with information about what the
      customer shopped for on your site. If you want to then use that
      information to advertise to that user, you might go to an online
      advertising marketplace to buy ad space. In order to buy the right ad
      space to show your ads to the right user, you'll need to match your ID,
      which is 12345, to the ID that the marketplace has assigned to the same
      customer (which let's say for this example is ABCDE).
The result is a record that says ID 12345 = Marketplace ID ABCDE. That
      way, when the marketplace offers to sell you ad space to show your ad to
      ABCDE, your system will know that ABCDE is the same as 12345, and you
      can pick the right ad to show the customer.
Interest-Based Advertising
: Interest-based advertising
      associates a user’s activity and interest information, demographic
      information, geographic information, and similar information with a
      browser cookie or other online identifier in order to provide more
      useful and relevant advertising. It is sometimes also called "online
      behavioral advertising", "targeted advertising", "cross-context
      behavioral advertising" or "tailored advertising".
Mobile Advertising Identifiers
: Mobile advertising identifiers
      (e.g., Apple's iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) or Google's Android
      Advertising ID (AAID)) are unique IDs that are similar to cookies, but,
      instead of being stored on your web browser, are associated with
      individual mobile devices. They usually are user-resettable. Like other
      Digital Identifiers, Mobile advertising identifiers do not tell us who
      an Internet user is in the "real world", but may, when combined with
      other information, allow the identification of an individual. Mobile
      advertising identifiers are used in connection with apps on your mobile
      device as opposed to websites that you access through a browser.
Cookie Use by the Platform
Although the specific cookies employed on the ID5 Platform may change
      from time to time, this describes how and why the ID5 Platform uses
      cookies. These cookies enable our clients to recognize users and to see
      users' consent choices (including opt-out choices).
The Platform uses unique cookies to distinguish between unique web
        browsers.
The Platform uses cookies with non-unique values for server
        load-balancing and similar technical purposes.
The Platform uses non-unique cookies to store users’ opt-out choices.
Some browsers or other software may be configured to block third-party
      cookies by default.
THE ID5 PLATFORM PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last Modified: October 10, 2023
Overview
This ID5 Platform Privacy Statement (this "Privacy Statement") describes
      how ID5 collects, uses, shares and otherwise processes Platform Data. It
      describes how ID5 may enable or allow clients and third-party providers
      to use Platform Data, but otherwise does not apply to our clients' or
      other third parties' practices. If you are interested in our website
      privacy policy, please
click here
.
What information do we collect and use?
The Platform is designed to collect and use only Platform Data
          (i.e., Collected Data, Client Data, and ID5 IDs) as described in
          this Privacy Statement.
Details
.
How do we collect information?
The Platform may use cookies, pixels, tags, mobile SDKs, and similar
          technologies to collect and store Platform Data about web browsers
          and devices across websites and apps and over time.
Details
.
For what purposes do we use the collected information?
ID5 uses the information collected on the Platform to provide,
          operate, manage, maintain, and enhance the Platform and allow our
          clients to use our Platform. This means facilitating user
          identification; using information for fraud detection and the
          prevention and detection of malicious behavior and maintaining and
          enhancing our products and services (including our Platform),
          including using information for machine learning, optimization and
          statistical analysis.
Details
.
In European Jurisdictions, on what legal basis do we process
          Personal Data?
Where (i) you are a European Economic Area ("
EEA
"),
          United Kingdom or Switzerland (such countries, collectively with the
          EEA, "
European Jurisdictions
") data subject and
          (ii) ID5 is acting as a "controller" of Personal Data relating to
          you, ID5's legal basis for collecting and using such Personal
          depends on the data concerned and the specific context in which we
          collect or use it. With respect to Collected Data that is Personal
          Data in a European Jurisdiction, we generally rely on consent
          obtained for us by the operators of the Digital Properties that use
          our technology or use technology that interacts with our Platform;
          with respect to Client Data that is Personal Data, we rely on
          consent obtained by or on behalf of the particular client that
          provides it to us or our Platform.
Details
.
What information do we share with third parties?
Where permitted, we provide clients access to their Platform Data
          that they collect, acquire, or use on the Platform, and typically
          they may remove it from the Platform for their own use. ID5 may also
          provide Platform Data to our clients and service providers for the
          purpose of operating, managing, maintaining, or enhancing our
          products and services, (including our Platform), including for the
          safety and security of the Platform and the online advertising
          industry, or as required by law. ID5 does not share the information
          collected via the Platform with other third parties, unless legally
          required.
Details
.
How is the information stored and how long is it kept?
Platform Data is stored using generally accepted security standards.
          It is usually aggregated or deleted within 30-90 days, but may be
          retained in the Platform for up to 18 months from the date of
          collection before aggregation or deletion.
Details
.
What are your choices?
For European Jurisdiction data subjects, we are registered as a
            vendor with, and support, the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the "
TCF Framework
"). When you visit a Digital
            Property, the TCF Framework is designed to enable Digital
            Properties - which may include our clients - to (i) choose which
            third parties they wish to allow to access your device and
            collect, use and share your Personal Data and (ii) provide dynamic
            transparency and choice to you about each of these third parties
            (e.g., an opportunity for you to consent) in connection with such
            Digital Property, depending on that third-party's use of your
            Personal Data and legal basis.
Various clients and third-party providers using our Platform may
            be accessing your device or collecting, using and sharing your
            Personal Data as independent controllers for different uses and
            based on different legal bases or as processors on behalf of other
            independent controllers.
Web browser users may opt out of the use of the Platform for
            interest-based advertising in their web browser. Mobile app users
            have access to choices provided by certain apps or in their device
            system software.
Details
.
What happens if this Privacy Statement is changed?
Please check this Privacy Statement for changes. The date of the
          last update can be found at the top of this Privacy Statement.
          Material changes will not be applied to previously collected
          Platform Data.
Details
.
Questions?
Please email us at
privacy@id5.io
.
What Information Do We Collect?
Collected Data
When you visit a Digital Property (e.g., a website) that uses our
      technology (or that uses technology that transacts with parties using
      our Platform), we collect certain information about you and your device,
      including:
Information about your browser
, including:
the type of browser
browser language
browser settings
cookie information
Information about your device
, including:
information about the device's operating system including its
            version and connection type
device make, device model
mobile advertising identifiers, such as your Apple IDFA or Google
            AAID
the IP address from which the device accesses a client's Digital
            Property
Information about the Digital Properties you visit
,
        including web pages or apps visited or used and the time those web
        pages or apps were visited or used.
Information about your Internet service
, including
        information about which Internet Service Provider (ISP) you use.
Client Data
Our clients may provide or upload to us or our Platform "Client Data",
      which typically includes a "hashed" email address ("hashing" prevents us
      from seeing the actual email address). Our clients and vendors, and our
      clients' third-party clients and vendors, may use their own tags,
      pixels, cookies, or other similar technology (or those of their other
      affiliates) within their advertisements and on certain Digital
      Properties. We are not responsible for our clients, vendors and/or our
      clients' third-party providers for their privacy practices, including
      their collection, use, and/or sharing of data and/or their use of
      technology on their Digital Properties or in their advertisements.
How Do We Collect Information?
The Platform uses cookies, pixels, tags, mobile SDKs, and similar
        technologies to collect data associated with particular web browsers
        or devices
We and the Platform also receive data from our clients and other third
        parties
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
To provide products and services (including our Platform) to our
        clients, including in connection with ID5 IDs
To develop, maintain, and improve our products and services (including
        our Platform), including:
Conducting research and development, such as conducting machine
            learning to better optimize the efficiency of our products and
            services
Investigating, protecting against and deterring malicious
            activity, fake traffic or fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal
            activity on the Platform and on the internet
To compile statistics about the activities occurring on or through our
        Platform, including for reporting and marketing purposes
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (Data Subjects of European
      Jurisdictions)
If (i) you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction and (ii) we are
      acting as the controller of "Personal Data" relating to you, our legal
      basis for processing such Personal Data (see "
What Information Do We Collect?
" above) will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in
      which we collect or use it. With respect to Collected Data that is
      Personal Data of a European Jurisdiction data subject, we generally rely
      on consent obtained for us by the operators of the Digital Properties
      that use our technology or use technology that interacts with our
      Platform; with respect to Client Data that is Personal Data of a
      European Jurisdiction data subject, we rely on consent obtained by or on
      behalf of the particular client that provides it to us or our Platform.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the
      legal basis on which we process Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@id5.io
.
How and Why Do We Share the Information We Collect?
ID5 shares Platform Data with the following third parties:
Clients and their third-party vendors
We provide ID5
        IDs to our clients and, if and as elected by our clients (including,
        if applicable, pursuant to your choices on their Digital Properties),
        our clients’ third-party vendors.
For European Jurisdiction data subjects
, our
            clients may utilize multiple controls to choose the third parties
            with whom we share your information that we collect through our
            clients' use of our Platform including:
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the "
TCF Framework
"):
We are registered as a vendor with, and support, the TCF
                    Framework.
When you visit a Digital Property on which the TCF
                    Framework is utilized, the TCF Framework is designed to
                    (i) allow the Digital Property to choose which third
                    parties (e.g., vendors) they wish to allow to access your
                    device and/or collect, use and share your Personal Data
                    and (ii) provide dynamic transparency and choice to you
                    about each of these vendors (e.g., an opportunity for you
                    to consent) in connection with your visit to the Digital
                    Property, depending on that third-party’s use of your data
                    and legal basis.
Platform-provided "controls" ("
Platform Controls
") with respect to about third parties operating through our
                Platform:
Our Platform provides our clients with information about
                    the other clients operating through our Platform,
                    providing transparency for disclosure purposes and
                    "allow-listing" capabilities – to create lists of approved
                    companies – to control which third parties may receive,
                    use and share your information
For users who are not European Jurisdiction data
              subjects
, we provide our clients with Platform Controls, including our
            allow-listing capabilities, to control which third parties may
            receive, use, and share your information.
Vendors
We share Platform Data with, and enable the
        collection of Platform Data by, our vendors (including data center
        providers, hosting providers, data analytics providers, and
        anti-fraud, technology and security providers), so that they can
        provide services to us, including to detect and prevent malicious
        activity or fake traffic and to provide analytics and reporting about
        our products and services. Our vendors are subject to obligations
        consistent with this Privacy Statement and appropriate confidentiality
        and security measures.
Legal Rights and Compliance with Law
We may also
        disclose Platform Data in the event that we reasonably suspect
        malicious activity or fake traffic or when we reasonably believe it is
        required by law, subpoena or other legal process, including to meet
        national security or law enforcement requirements.
ID5 Affiliates
We share Platform Data with other
        companies in the ID5 group of companies to use for any of the purposes
        described in this Privacy Statement.
Business Transfers
We may transfer Platform Data to a
        successor entity in connection with a corporate merger; consolidation;
        sale of assets, equity, or business; bankruptcy; or other corporate
        change.
How Is Platform Data Stored, and How Long Is It Kept?
Security
ID5 uses generally accepted industry security standards to protect
        information transmitted over or stored on the Platform.
We review our information collection, storage and processing
        practices, including physical security measures, to guard against
        unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to information to employees, contractors and agents
        who need the information in order to process it for us, and who are
        subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be
        disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Please note, however, that no transmission or storage of information
        can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure. Once we receive
        Platform Data, we will use strict procedures and security features to
        try to prevent unauthorized access. Please also be mindful that we are
        not responsible for the security measures of third parties.
Retention
We never store any information longer than we need it. Platform Data
        is usually aggregated or deleted within 30-90 days, but may be
        retained in the Platform for up to 18 months for specific clients and
        for use for security and the detection and prevention of fraud and
        invalid traffic from the date of collection before aggregation or
        deletion. When we no longer need the information we collect, it is
        deleted or aggregated.
Aggregated anonymized information is used for reporting and analysis,
        and may be stored in the Platform indefinitely.
When third-party vendors receive information through us or clients
        remove their information from the Platform, their storage and
        retention of the removed information is governed by their own privacy
        policies and applicable laws, rules, and/or regulations.
What Are Your Choices?
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
: We are
      registered as a vendor with, support, and encourage our clients to use,
      the
TCF Framework
, which is designed to provide European Jurisdiction data subjects with
      dynamic transparency into and choice about the various third parties
      used on Digital Properties on which the TCF Framework is utilized. If
      you are a European Jurisdiction data subject, the TCF Framework is
      designed to enable Digital Properties – which may include our clients –
      to (i) choose which third parties (which may include ID5) they wish to
      allow to access your device and collect, use and share your personal
      data and (ii) provide dynamic transparency and choice to you about each
      of these third parties (e.g., an opportunity for you to consent) in
      connection with such Digital Property, depending on that third-party's
      use of your Personal Data and legal basis for such usage.
ID5 Web Browser Opt Out
: If you have not already chosen to do
      so, you may visit
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
to opt out of having the Platform used to enable our clients to more
      efficiently serve you relevant ads. When you opt out, an opt-out cookie
      (from id5-sync.com) will be stored in your web browser. The Platform
      will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and
      will apply your choice to all companies using the Platform. If you block
      or delete the ID5 opt-out cookie, you will cease to be opted out with
      respect to the Platform and will need to perform the opt-out process
      again.
ID5 Web Browser Opt In
: If you have previously chosen to opt
      out, but would now like to opt in, you may visit
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
to opt in to having the Platform used to enable our clients to more
      efficiently serve you relevant ads. This does not overwrite any consent
      settings you may select on a given Digital Property.
Important things to note about the ID5 web browser opt out:
Blocked cookies
The opt-out cookie may not work if
        your browser is configured to block third-party cookies.
Deleting or protecting opt outs
If you delete your
        cookies, you will need to opt out again. There are browser plugins to
        help you preserve your opt-out cookies. For more information, please
        visit
https://www.aboutads.info
.
Only this browser
The opt out only applies to the
        browser profile in which you set it. For example, if you set the opt
        out while using Firefox, but then use Chrome, the opt out will not be
        active in Chrome. To opt out in Chrome, you will need to repeat the
        opt-out process. This is because the cookies cannot be read between
        different browsers or browser profiles.
The opt out does not block or delete cookies
It also
        does not prevent the use of cookies or other technologies for purposes
        other than interest-based advertising. If you opt out, data may still
        be collected about your web browsing activities and you will still see
        advertising. Ads may be selected, for example, based on the content of
        the web page in which they are shown. If you wish to block or delete
        cookies altogether, you can use web browser settings to do so.
To access the opt outs of other online advertising companies, visit the
      consumer choice pages of such organizations, as follows:
EU
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance,
        at
youronlinechoices.com
(by clicking the "Your ad choices" link after selecting the
        appropriate country)
US
Digital Advertising Alliance, at
https://optout.aboutads.info/
Network Advertising Initiative, at
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Mobile App Opt Out:
Mobile device system software such as Apple
      iOS or Google Play Services provide mechanisms that allow users to opt
      out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to
      deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to
      opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings ("Opt out
      of Interest-Based Ads" on Android devices and "Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS
      devices).
European Jurisdiction Data Subject Rights
If you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction, you have certain
      rights and protections under the law regarding the collection,
      processing, and use of information about you. As stated above, the
      information we collect about you when you visit Digital Properties that
      use our technology may include certain identifiers that are considered
      "Personal Data" under European law.
If you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction and certain
      requirements are fulfilled and/or under certain circumstances, you have
      the right: (i) to access and obtain a copy of your Personal Data; (ii)
      to erasure of your Personal Data; (iii) to rectification or updating of
      your Personal Data; (iv) to object to the processing of your Personal
      Data; (v) to restrict the processing of your Personal Data; and (vi) to
      data portability (i.e., to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data
      in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and/or to
      have such a copy provided to a third party). If you are interested in
      exercising any of these rights, you may do so via our privacy web form
      (available by
clicking here
)
      or you may email us at
privacy@id5.io
. Please note that, as
      the process we currently use to verify/authenticate and process
      "Requests to Know/Access", "Requests to Delete", "Requests to Correct",
      and "Requests for Data Portability" requires us to recognize an online
      identifier, if you submit such a "Request to Know/Access" by email, it
      generally will require more time and at least one more step than
      submitting your request via the privacy web form.
In addition, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any
      time. If you wish to exercise such right with respect to interest-based
      advertising, you can do so through the mechanisms and methods set forth
      above under object to the processing of your Personal Data.
Our Platform is designed to collect the minimum amount of Personal Data
      about you that we believe is necessary to provide our products and
      services. Because our Platform is not designed to collect information
      that directly identifies an individual, sometimes it is not feasible for
      us to provide individuals with information that is tied to their
      identities.
Also, as a data subject of a European Jurisdiction, you have the right
      to lodge a complaint about our processing of Personal Data with a
      European Data Protection Authority, in particular the Member State of
      your residence, place of work or alleged infringement of the GDPR. For
      contact details of your relevant local Data Protection Authority, please
      click
here
.
Your Rights under Certain U.S. State General Privacy Laws
Consumer Rights
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective general privacy
      law (such as California under the California Consumer Privacy Act,
      including as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (as amended,
"CCPA"
), and Virginia under the Virginia Consumer Data
      Protection Act) (each such law, a
"US State Privacy Law"
), you have some or all of the
      following rights with respect to your Personal Data, as set forth in the
      applicable US State Privacy Law:
Right to Delete
: the right to request that a
        "business"/"controller" (each, as defined by the applicable US State
        Privacy Law) delete, following your verifiable/authenticated consumer
        request, the specific pieces of Personal Data such business/controller
        has collected from you.
Right to Know/Access
: the right to request that a
        business/controller disclose to you, following your
        verifiable/authenticated consumer request, some or all of the
        following (based on your applicable US State Privacy Law):
The categories of Personal Data the business/controller has
            collected about you
The categories of sources from which the Personal Data is
            collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or
            (under CCPA) "sharing" Personal Data
The categories of third parties with which the business/controller
            shares Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data the business/controller has
            collected about you
The categories of Personal Data about you that the
            business/controller disclosed for a business purpose
If the business/controller sells or (under CPRA) "shares" your
            Personal Data:
The categories of Personal Data that the business/controller
                sold or (under CCPA) shared about you
The categories of third parties to which your Personal Data
                was sold or (under CCPA) shared, by category or categories of
                Personal Data for each category of third parties to which the
                Personal Data was sold
The business or commercial purpose for selling or (under CCPA)
                sharing Personal Data
Right to Correct
the right to request that the
        business/controller correct any inaccurate Personal Data that it has
        collected about you
Right to Data Portability
the right to be provided
        with a copy of the Personal Data about you that the
        business/controller processes by automated means in a portable and, to
        the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you
        to transmit it to another party
Right to Opt Out
: based on the applicable US State
        Privacy Law, some or all of the following rights:
The right to direct a business /controller (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law) not to sell (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law) or (under CCPA) "share" your
            Personal Data.
The right to opt out of "targeted advertising" (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law), which is a type of
            interest-based advertising
These opt-out rights are different from the opt-outs described above
        under the header "What Are Your Choices?" and does not require us to
        cease processing your unique ID5 ID. However, we currently effect
        elections to opt out of the "sale" or "sharing" of Personal Data
        and/or to opt out of "targeted advertising" by performing our browser
        opt-out process (please see below under the header "Methods of
        Submitting Requests").
Right to Non-Discrimination
: the right not to be
        discriminated against by a business because you exercise any of your
        rights under your applicable US State Privacy Law, including by:
Denying goods or services to you
Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services,
            including through the use of discounts or other benefits or
            imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for
            goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or
            services
Personal Data
To provide and operate our products and services (including our
      Platform), we utilize (i) Personal Data collected by our products and
      services on the Digital Properties (
"Collected Personal Data"
), (ii) Personal Data provided to us by or on behalf of our clients
      (
"Client Personal Data"
), and (iii) our ID5 IDs, which
      are Digital Identifiers (see table below). Even though Client Personal
      Data is provided to us, we may be considered to have "collected" such
      data under US State Privacy Laws.
We collect (and during the last 12 months have collected) the following
      categories of personal information, from the following categories of
      Personal Data, and for the following business or commercial purposes:
Categories of Personal Data
Categories of Sources
Business / Commercial Purposes
Identifiers
(such as an online identifier (e.g.,
            a cookie ID, a mobile advertising ID, or an ID5 ID) or an IP
            address)
Collected Personal Data: we collect such information from
              consumers via their visits to and/or interactions with the
              Digital Properties
Client Personal Data: we receive such information from our
              clients or partners
Collected Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Client Personal Information: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Internet or other electronic network activity information
(such as browsing history, user agent or timestamp)
Collected Personal Data: we collect such information from
              consumers via their visits to and/or interactions with the
              Digital Properties
Client Personal Data: we receive such information from our
              clients or partners
Collected Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Client Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
With respect to Collected Personal Data, we believe that we are a
      "controller" or "third party" (each, as defined by the applicable US
      State Privacy Law) that collects such data via consumers’ visits to
      and/or interactions with the Digital Properties. With respect to Client
      Personal Data, we believe that we are a "third party", as we collect
      such information only from our clients and do not collect it from
      consumers.
We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose sensitive Personal Data
      through our Platform, products, or services.
For information on how long we intend to retain each category of
      Personal Data, please see "How Is Platform Data Stored, and How Long Is
      It Kept? – Retention" above.
Disclosure of Personal Data
For purposes of applicable US State Privacy Laws:
"Sales"/"Sharing"
: we "sell" (as defined by the
        applicable US State Privacy Law) and/or "share" (as defined by CCPA)
        (and, during the 12 months prior to the "Last Modified" date at the
        top of this Privacy Statement, have sold and/or shared) "identifiers"
        (a category of Personal Data) that we derive from each of the above
        categories of Personal Data to our clients in connection with their
        (and their respective clients’) advertising activities, including
        cross-context behavioral advertising and targeted advertising (each,
        as defined by the applicable US State Privacy Law); however, we do not
        knowingly sell or share the Personal Data of children under the age of
        16 without required affirmative authorization; and
"Disclosures for a Business Purpose"
: we disclose
        (and have disclosed during the 12 months prior to the "Last Modified"
        date at the top of this Privacy Statement) each of the above
        categories of Personal Data for a "business purpose" (as defined by
        CCPA) to "service providers"/"processors" (each, as defined by the
        applicable US State Privacy Law) that perform certain services on our
        behalf, such as data center providers, hosting service providers, and
        data analytics providers, and anti-fraud, technology and security
        providers.
Methods of Submitting Requests
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, you may submit requests to exercise your "Right to Know/Access",
      your "Right to Delete", your "Right to Correct", and/or your "Right to
      Data Portability" via any of the following methods:
By web form
, available by clicking
here
By toll-free telephone
, to:
1-888-821-2911
Please note the following:
As the process we currently use to verify/authenticate and process
        "Requests to Know/Access", "Requests to Delete", "Requests to
        Correct", and "Requests for Data Portability" requires us to recognize
        an online identifier, if you submit such a "Request to Know/Access"
        via the telephone number listed above, it generally will require more
        time and at least one more step than submitting your request via the
        web form.
If you are opted out of interest-based advertising on the applicable
        web browser, we may not be able to verify/authenticate or process your
        "Request to Delete", your "Request to Know/Access", your "Request to
        Correct", or your "Request for Data Portability", since we may have no
        reasonable method of connecting your request with the Personal Data we
        previously collected about you.
If we notify you that we were unable to verify/authenticate your
        "Request to Delete", your "Request to Know/Access", your "Request to
        Correct", or your "Request for Data Portability", you may appeal our
        determination by emailing us at
privacy@id5.io
and indicating why
        you disagree with our determination (including by providing additional
        information to support your request).
Because (i) our Platform is designed to collect the minimum amount of
        Personal Data about you that we believe is necessary to provide our
        products and services and (ii) our Platform is not designed to collect
        information that directly identifies an individual, it is generally
        not feasible for us to provide individuals information that is tied to
        their identities.
If we utilize "de-identification" to comply with a "Request to Delete"
        or similar obligation with respect to Personal Data, we will maintain
        and use such data in de-identified form and will not attempt to
        re-identify such de-identified data.
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, you may exercise your applicable US State Privacy Law "Right(s) to
      Opt Out" via the following method(s):
By web form
, available by clicking
here
Via the "Global Privacy Control" user-enabled "universal opt-out
          mechanism"
, if such a universal opt-out mechanism is legally required as a
        method of opting out by the applicable US State Privacy Law (for more
        information regarding Global Privacy Control, please visit the Global
        Privacy Control website: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/)
Please note that we currently affect US State Privacy Law opt-out rights
      elections by performing our web browser opt-out process, which results
      in an opt-out cookie (from id5-sync.com) being stored in your web
      browser. Such elections – including through the Global Privacy Control
      user-enabled "universal opt-out mechanism" – will be processed only with
      respect to the applicable web browser. For more information about such
      opt-out, please see "What Are Your Choices? – Important things to note
      about the ID5 web browser opt out" above.
Authorized Agents
If you are a resident of a US state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, if and as required by that US State Privacy Law, you may use an
      "authorized agent" to submit requests to exercise your "right to
      know/access", your "right to delete", your "right to correct", your
      "right to data portability", and/or your US State Privacy Law "right(s)
      to opt-out" (as applicable) on your behalf under that US State Privacy
      Law. Your authorized agent will need to provide us with a copy of a
      written permission that is signed by you and indicates that you have
      provided such authorization.
"Do Not Track"
ID5 has not yet developed a response to browser "Do Not Track" signals,
      and we do not change any of our data collection practices when we
      receive such signals. We will continue to evaluate potential responses
      to "Do Not Track" signals in light of industry developments or legal
      changes.
While we do not support "Do Not Track" signals, we do honor opt-out
      preference signals received from Global Privacy Control as the
      applicable California consumer’s election to opt out of the sale and/or
      sharing (each, as defined by CCPA) of their Personal Data, to the extent
      technically feasible.
For more information on your privacy choices, please see "What are your
      choices?" above and also above in this "Your Rights under Certain U.S.
      State General Privacy Laws" section.
Advertising Industry Self-Regulation
ID5 supports advertising industry self-regulation, and endorses best
      practices and self-regulatory requirements that apply to the advertising
      industry. To learn more about interest-based advertising and industry
      self-regulation, please visit any of the following organizations:
EU
:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
US
:
Digital Advertising Alliance
or
Network Advertising Initiative
Global Operations and Personal Data Transfers outside the EEA
ID5 is a global company headquartered in the United Kingdom with data
      centers located in the EEA. If you are a European Jurisdiction data
      subject and access any of the Digital Properties that use our
      technology, please be aware that your Personal Data may be transferred
      to, stored and processed by us and our affiliates in our facilities in
      the EEA, the United Kingdom and other countries, and by those third
      parties with whom we may share your information.
Countries outside the EEA may not be deemed by the European Commission
      to provide an adequate level of data protection for your Personal Data
      or to have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in
      EEA countries. We will, however, ensure that where ID5 group companies
      receive Personal Data of EEA data subjects outside the EEA, or provide
      Personal Data to third-party service providers outside of the EEA,
      appropriate data protection safeguards are in place (such as "standard
      contractual clauses").
What Happens if this Privacy Statement is Changed?
Please check this page for changes, as we may change this Privacy
      Statement at any time. If we make changes that we believe are material,
      those changes will not be applied to information collected prior to the
      date the changes went into effect.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or our data
      protection practices, or if you would like to contact our data
      protection representative, please feel free to contact us by email to
privacy@id5.io
or by postal mail to
      the following address: ID5 Technology Ltd, 15 Bishopsgate, London EC2N
      3AR, United Kingdom.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not
      addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party
      dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy v3.0