Home
>
Privacy Policy
Data privacy information
of Paessler GmbH
This data protection information provides you with details of the purposes for which and the form in which personal data is processed when you visit the website and use the services of Paessler GmbH.
A – General information on the processing of your data
B – Data processing during website visit
C – Data processing by our sales partners
D – Data processing when using the individual web services
E – Data processing for the purchase of software/services
F – Data processing when using software/services
G – California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) – For California consumers only
A – General information on the processing of your data
1. Responsible body, contact and contact to the data protection officer
Responsible for the data processing described herein is Paessler GmbH,
Postal address: Thurn-und-Taxis-Str. 14, 90411 Nuremberg, Germany,
e-mail:
info@paessler.com
,
Phone: +49 911 93775-0
You can contact the company data protection officer by e-mail at privacy@paessler.com or by letter to the above address with the addition "to the data protection officer".
2. Your rights
You have the right to
Information about the data stored about you
Correction or deletion
Restriction of processing
Objection to processing
Data portability
insofar as the legal requirements for this are met.
In order to process your request quickly and efficiently, we recommend that you send your request directly to
privacy@paessler.com
in order to exercise your rights.
You also have the right to complain to any data protection supervisory authority about the data processing of Paessler GmbH. The Bavarian State Office for Data Protection Supervision (Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht) is responsible for Paessler GmbH. You are welcome to contact our data protection officer in advance about your concerns (anonymously if you wish) so that we can rectify any problems.
3. Right of withdrawal for consents
If the data processing is based on consent, this consent can be revoked at any time with effect for the future.
If the data processing is based on an overriding legitimate interest, it may be objected to for specific personal reasons; it will then only be continued if there are compelling legitimate grounds for it.
In order to process your request quickly and efficiently, we recommend that you send your request directly to
privacy@paessler.com
in order to exercise your rights.
B – Data processing during website visit
1. For the technical provision of the page
Every time a user accesses a page of this website and every time a file is retrieved, data is processed to establish the connection and to display the website correctly; this includes the name of the file retrieved, the date and time of the retrieval, the amount of data transferred, a message stating whether the retrieval was successful, a description of the type of web browser used (if transmitted by your browser), and the IP address of the retrieving computer. The processing of this data is necessary to establish the connection and display the data and is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
Various cookies are also set for this purpose; these are required to display the website. The required cookies are named in the consent management (Consent Management Tool) under "functionally essential cookies".
2. Consent management (Consent Management Tool)
When the web pages are called up, a window is displayed by including a corresponding JavaScript code, via which consent for cookies and applications requiring consent, external services (incl. statistical analysis/measurement, personalised advertising and the integration of social media) etc. can be given. The purpose of data processing is to obtain, document and manage the necessary consents, in particular for setting cookies, and thus to comply with legal obligations. Consent can be revoked via the corresponding settings in the tool.
Consents to cookies can be given or withdrawn for several processing operations combined for common purposes for the following categories: Usage analysis/performance measurement, marketing/targeting, use of individual services.
3. For pseudonymised usage analysis
This website uses various third-party services to generate pseudonymised or anonymous information about the way the page is used and to better tailor the content offered to users. For this purpose, pseudonymised data on the page use such as time, duration and manner of page access as well as information on the browser used, regional origin and technology used are transmitted to the respective provider. The individual processing operations are described in more detail in the Consent Management Tool and are carried out on the basis of the consent given there in the tool for processing operations and cookies in the category "usage analysis/performance measurements".
Google Analytics:
Web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). In the process, information about your use of this website is transmitted to a Google server in the USA, stored there and generated into anonymised reports about the use of the website and activities within the online offering. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code "get._anonymizeIP();" to ensure anonymised collection of IP addresses.
Google Signals:
Google Signals enables us to receive additional reports about our users who have configured their advertising settings in their Google account so that Google can display advertising to them across all their devices. This feature helps us to understand how users interact with our website. If you give your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 a GDPR, we will receive information about your use of our website on various devices. This enables us to adapt our online offers to better meet your needs.
If you have activated Google Signals and you visit our website, Google Analytics may collect data in aggregated form, such as visits, page views, the duration of your website visit, location data and the type of device you are using. This data is used together with a pseudonymized user ID to create cross-device user statistics.
All data collected by Google Signals is subject to Google's Privacy Policy and is processed anonymously and aggregated to avoid identifying users personally. You can change your advertising settings in Google at any time or completely disable personalized advertising, which also affects data collection by Google Signals. For more information on how to control the information collected about you, please refer to the privacy settings in your Google account.
For more information about Google's privacy practices, please visit the Google website at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
HubSpot:
This website uses HubSpot, a marketing automation platform from HubSpot, Inc. HubSpot uses cookies that track a user's interaction with Paessler websites. HubSpot also tracks browser-provided information such as inferred regions, IP addresses, and repeat visits. Users remain anonymous unless a user has provided personal information by submitting a form or using the website chat. HubSpot may be connected to and receive data from other services. See also section C.3. Please click here to set an opt-out cookie:
set opt-out cookie
Usabilla:
We use Usabilla to get feedback on our website. Usabilla will display surveys to randomly selected visitors on some pages. These surveys are anonymous and do not contain any personal data of the participants. Please also see the explanations about
Privacy
and
GDPR
of Usabilla.
Convert A/B Testing Tool
: Each user is shown a different version of a website (the assignment is random). After a certain test period, the user's behavior is examined for a specific target value.
We use the Convert A/B Split Testing Tool on our website for the purpose of improving user experience and generating a pseudonymized analysis based on user behavior.
Processing is based on consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 a GDPR.
What data is collected?
When you visit the website, you are identified by a cookie in your browser. This allows us to display the same website during your visit.
Convert can save your data that is generated when you visit the website, such as page views, button and link clicks. However, these target values are only activated for the test period and are implemented specifically according to the use case. No additional data is collected from other tools in Convert, but we can export experiment and variant IDs to our systems. For more information about how Convert processes data, please visit https://www.convert.com/gdpr/. The Convert privacy policy can be found at
https://www.convert.com/privacy-policy/
. Convert Insights, Inc., 2093 PHILADELPHIA PIKE #9985, CLAYMONT, DE 19703, USA.
4. For pseudonymised advertising and advertising performance measurement ("targeting cookies" category)
With your consent, which you give (or revoke if necessary) in the pop-up window "Centre for data protection settings" in the category "Targeting cookies", pseudonymised data is processed for the placement of interest-based advertising on part of Paessler and for the measurement of advertisements. The individual processing operations are described in more detail in the Consent Management Tool and are carried out on the basis of the consent given there in the tool for processing operations and cookies in the "marketing/targeting" category.
5. Generation of anonymous user characteristics
When the page is accessed, an anonymous user ID is generated based on the information transmitted about the clients/devices used, the time the page was accessed and the IP address, which can be used to combine the activities and page views into an anonymous user profile. This anonymous user identifier is generated from this data solely for the purpose of creating an anonymous user profile and is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
6. Fraud detection
We use a service provider (ClickPatrol.com, Goeman Borgesiuslaan 77, 3515 ET Utrecht, NL) to check for cases of “click fraud.”
When you visit our website by clicking on a search engine ad, we deploy ClickPatrol services that identify and prevent click fraud. ClickPatrol checks the IP addresses that are processed, as well as device data. This data may be transmitted to the USA for processing. The data is immediately encrypted upon collection by ClickPatrol. Paessler GmbH only receives encrypted data from ClickPatrol.
The processing of this data is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f  GDPR. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in preventing click fraud and the potential financial losses caused by click fraud.
C – Data processing by our sales partners
When you purchase our software via a sales partner, certain types of personal data, such as your name, address or email address will be transmitted to us by this sales partner. We require this data in order to transfer the license key for the use of our software to you, and to ensure that you have smooth access to the software and that it runs smoothly.
The legal basis for this processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Personal data may also be transmitted to us by third parties in the context of cooperation or advertising measures. We collect this data in order to improve your experience and the processes with our company.
The legal basis for this processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 a, b or f GDPR, depending on the type of processing.
D – Data processing when using the individual web services
1. When registering for the newsletter (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. A GDPR)
When you register for the newsletter, we collect and store the e-mail address and name you provide in order to send you information about our products and to send you innovations and offers. Your e-mail address will not be used for other purposes or passed on to third parties.
You can revoke your consent to the use of your e-mail address for the sending of our newsletter at any time with future effect by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link at the end of the newsletter.
2. In the event of the purchase and installation of trial and freeware (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b and f GDPR)
For the use of trial and freeware and their operation, we collect and store your e-mail address. Paessler uses this data to send you your licence key, to guide you through the installation and to clarify typical installation questions as well as the status of the installation, to determine your need for support during the installation and operation of the software and to clarify further use after the end of the trial phase, whereby contact may also be made by telephone (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR). In order to ensure optimal support, contact may also be made by partners or service providers commissioned by us (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). Telephone numbers are only collected from publicly accessible sources.
3. When using the contact forms or a website chat (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
When using the contact forms ("Need help? Contact us", " Customer service request " and others), the content you enter in the contact form is processed and stored. Depending on the respective contact form, the content may include the following data: Company, name, e-mail address, telephone number, preferred supplier, invoice number, credit card details, PRTG account e-mail. The content is only processed and stored when you submit a form. The processing is done to handle your request.
The data is processed by Paessler GmbH with the support of other service providers and remains stored by us for 12 months. After this period, your data will be deleted unless you continue to be in contact with Paessler GmbH in the meantime (e.g., downloading content, sending us an e-mail).
Cookies from the service provider Wufoo are generated and stored for the use of the form. Details of this are described in the Consent Tool in the category "Cookies when using individual services".
Google Lead Form Extensions in Search Ads and Display Ads:
The data (your e-mail address and other data requested in the form) that you provide to us by filling in and submitting the form in the ad played by Google Ads on the Google search page or on a page belonging to the Google Display Network, will be recorded and processed in our Google Ads account, whereby Google and Google employees do not have access to your data. Your data will be stored by us for 12 months. After this period, your data will be deleted, unless you have been in contact with Paessler GmbH in the meantime by visiting a Paessler GmbH website, downloading content, sending an e-mail to us or similar.
4. When registering for online training (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
When you register for our online training, your e-mail address, surname and first name and details of your company are collected and processed for the administrative handling of the training. Content (such as voice, chat or video) is not stored.
Technical platforms from service providers are used to conduct a training and a test; the respective service provider (Classmarker, Readytech) processes connection data such as IP address and time and duration of the connection for this purpose. This data is necessary for the execution of a training or test.  The data is transmitted to the respective service provider, which provides the technical infrastructure. Further information on the data protection provisions of the respective service providers can be found here:
https://www.classmarker.com/online-testing/privacy/
https://www.readytech.com/policies/privacy-policy/
We use the services of PayPal to process the course fee.
5. When registering with our Knowledge Base (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
When you register with our Knowledge Base, your e-mail address and other data you provide will be collected. Registration is possible independently of other services. Registration is only necessary if you want to ask questions. You can also send the question to our support instead.
E – Data processing for the purchase of software/services
1. For registration/account use (Art. 6 par. 1 lit. b GDPR)
During the purchase of a service, an account ("registration") is set up by means of an e-mail address, phone number (optional
),
and a password. The data is used to guarantee you access to your orders and contracts and to process the software purchase.
When registering and each time a registered user logs in again, session cookies are stored on your computer to make visiting our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions. These do not contain any personal data, but only your session ID, which is assigned to you during your visit. This session ID is used to reference internally stored data, such as information about the contents of your shopping basket. When you call up our pages at a later date, you can continue shopping in this way. The cookies generated have an expiry time of 90 days.
2. For the processing of the order (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
During the ordering process, we collect and store information about your identity and your contact details (in particular first and last name, address, telephone number and e-mail address), as well as details about the purchase, and the payment including bank or credit card details.
These are used to process the order including payments and to provide the software and purchased services. This includes the provision of updates to enable you to download the latest version of the software free of charge at any time, as well as the provision of upgrade offers and other services from Paessler GmbH.
Your e-mail address is also required to check your licence and send you registration keys or download links, as well as to inform you about the status of maintenance contracts.
During the ordering process, we use the common TLS (Transport Layer Security) procedure in conjunction with the highest encryption level supported by your browser. As a rule, this is a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we use 128-bit instead. You can recognize whether an individual page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form by the closed display of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser.
SaleCycle:
Our shop uses SaleCycle to send you a shopping cart reminder e-mail if you do not complete the checkout process and have already provided an e-mail address. (
http://www.salecycle.com/privacy-policy/
)
SendGrid:
In order to send invoice and licence e-mails reliably, we use the service of SendGrid.
(https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/)
.
3. For the execution of payments (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
Your address as well as your payment information will be transmitted to executing payment and billing service providers:
For Paessler PRTG Hosted Monitor, credit card information is handled by Stripe Inc. Headquarters, 185 Berry Street, Suite 550, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. For more information on Stripe's privacy policy, please click here:
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
. Billing is done through Chargebee Inc., 340 S Lemon Ave #1537, Walnut, CA, 91789, USA. For more information on Chargebee's privacy policy, please click here:
https://www.chargebee.com/privacy.html
In the case of Paessler PRTG Network Monitor (on premises), the credit card information is processed via the providers Computop Wirtschaftsinformatik GmbH, Schwarzenbergstr. 4, 96050 Bamberg, Germany (payment service provider) as well as Concardis GmbH, Helfmann-Park 7, 65760 Eschborn, Germany (acquirer) and American Express Payment Services Ltd, Frankfurt am Main branch, Theodor-Heuss-Allee 112, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
4. For credit assessment and in the event of payment default (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b and f GDPR)
In case of payment by "invoice", a creditworthiness check is carried out to decide whether to grant this method of payment on the basis of overriding legitimate protection interests in the event of advance performance. For this purpose, information about your creditworthiness will be obtained from credit agencies and used for evaluation. If you do not wish this, please select another payment method.
If you are in default of payment, we may transfer your personal data to a debt collection company commissioned by us or to a law firm commissioned by us in order to ensure the enforcement of our claims. Paessler GmbH has a legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR to transfer data to a debt collection company in the event of late payment.
5. Interest in or purchase of Qbilon Cloud/Qbilon Ultimate (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
In order to carry out and bill the software purchase, information about your role as the contact person for the purchasing company, your contact details (in particular first and last name, address, telephone number and email address) and information about communications conducted is collected and processed
.
If you provide personal payment data for the purchase of the software, including bank or credit card details, this will also be processed to complete the purchase.
In order to prepare and create a corresponding offer and to provide the software license, your personal information, including contact details, will be transmitted to qbilon GmbH, Hermanstrasse 5, 86150 Augsburg, Germany.
In the case of a purchase, the data will be transmitted to the respective payment service provider for processing the payment.
The data will be stored until all claims have been settled or have expired.
F – Data processing when using software/services
1. For updating software and generating usage statistics
Paessler GmbH software products can connect to Paessler GmbH servers at regular intervals to check whether newer software versions or important security updates are available. In the course of this, statistical information about the installation (e.g., number of sensors) is transmitted. We store and analyse this statistical data in order to make well-founded optimisations to products and processes and make product recommendations.
We also use Google Analytics to collect statistical data about the use of PRTG's graphical interface in order to improve the user experience. This information is transferred to a Google server in the USA, stored there and used to generate anonymised reports. This information is used in pseudonymised form. You can stop or reactivate participation in this data collection at any time by disabling or enabling this feature in the PRTG settings of your installation. For Paessler PRTG Hosted Monitor, you can use the opt-out procedures listed in section B.2.
We also generate statistics on the actual use of our software products and apps for mobile devices. This provides us with important information for the continuous development of our products.
2. For PRTG additional services
Paessler may provide additional services through third parties. As soon as these functions are used in a PRTG interface (including our applications) or via the API, the PRTG Core Server connects to Paessler's external infrastructure without further query.
In case of push notifications, Paessler stores necessary data (e.g., a unique recipient ID and details of an alarm) and passes this on to other service providers (e.g., Google, Apple or Microsoft) for transmission to end devices.
When monitoring targets via the PRTG Added Services (e.g., Ping, HTTP), Paessler stores the monitored host and Internet addresses (URLs).
3. For contacting Paessler
In the event of contacting technical support or customer service via our contact forms or by e-mail, PRTG stores the transmitted data and the "Support Bundle".
4. When participating in webinars and online product demonstrations (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
Participation in webinars or product demonstrations takes place via the "Zoom" service of the provider Zoom Inc., 55 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400, 500, 600, San Jose, CA 95113, USA. When used, the provider processes data (on usage) of the participants on its own responsibility; this includes information on usage time and duration, IP address and device details. The processing of the data is necessary for the use of the service. Please refer to Zoom's
Privacy
and
GDPR
statements.
5. Remote sessions within the scope of support services (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
During the remote session Paessler will display the corresponding screen content of the customer, which is necessary to perform the operation. After the remote session, access by Paessler is no longer possible. If personal data is disclosed during the remote session, this data will not be stored by Paessler at any time. For remote sessions, one of the following tools is used. Usage data (such as usage time and duration, IP address and device details) that accrue during the remote session are processed by the provider on its own responsibility:
"TeamViewer" of TeamViewer Germany GmbH, Bahnhofsplatz 2, 73033 Göppingen, Germany. Information on data protection can be found here
TeamViewer Privacy Notice.
"Zoom" of the provider Zoom Inc, 55 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400, 500, 600, San Jose, CA 95113, USA. Please refer to Zoom's
Privacy
and
GDPR
statements.
"Microsoft Teams" by Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA. For privacy information, please go to
Microsoft Privacy Statement
.
6. For advertising purposes (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR)
If you are a customer, Paessler uses your data and your e-mail address to send you offers for further services and products. To ensure optimal customer service, contact may also be made by partners or service providers commissioned by us. If you do not wish to be contacted, you can object to the data processing at any time. To do so, send an objection to:
service@paessler.com
We use TrustPilot as our customer rating service. We add personalised URLs to some e-mails and web pages. Only when such a link is clicked, your name and e-mail address are transmitted to TrustPilot. TrustPilot only stores your data if you decide to create an account. (
http://legal.trustpilot.com/end-user-privacy-terms
)
G – California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) – For California consumers only
Part 1
The categories of personal, household and device data sold, forwarded or collected, their sources and the business purposes are described in sections B-F of this Privacy Policy.
Paessler GmbH never shares data with third parties without a legal basis for doing so.
The use of Paessler GmbH products is intended exclusively for companies. Paessler GmbH has no knowledge of the personal data of data subjects under the age of 16 being sold or passed on.
Paessler GmbH does not and will not make your personal data available in direct exchange for payment. Paessler GmbH does not sell personal data in the literal sense. However, under the CCPA, we are required to disclose what personal information is sold, and under the “broad” definition of “sell,” certain advertising and analytics activities may constitute a sale of information under the CCPA. Paessler GmbH also “shares” personal information, which the CCPA defines as providing information for the purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” Which data has been disclosed to third parties in the last 12 months can be found in sections B-F. This list is constantly updated. The data is broken down into categories and business purposes.
Part 2
We are a company based in the European Union, which is why we must comply with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We always endeavor to comply with the provisions of the GDPR and the CCPA/CPRA. All data subjects can find their rights below.
Right of access
Right to access
Right to erasure
Right to data portability
Right to equal treatment
Right to opt-out
Right to complain and to lodge a complaint
Right to restrict the use and disclosure of sensitive personal data
Right to opt out of automated decision-making technologies
Right to correction of incorrect personal data
Paessler GmbH does not discriminate against or favor data subjects in the assertion of their rights to object to or to consent to the processing and collection of personal, household and device data.
Part 3
Data subjects can exercise these rights by using the contact form on the website or by sending us an email.
Contact options:
Customer Support:
https://www.paessler.com/contact
Data protection:
privacy@paessler.com
When contacting our customer support, the process is triggered as part of the rights of data subjects (Part 2).
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Reject Cookies
Accept Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Enhanced ‎Function Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://usabilla.com/privacy/:
Overview
Terms of Use
Governing Services Agreement
Service-Specific Terms
Privacy Basics
Privacy Notice
1. Introduction
2. Personal Data we collect and the sources
3. How we use the Personal Data we collect
4. How we share or disclose Personal Data
5. Data Retention
6. Personalized marketing and cookies
7. Security
8. Minors
9. Data Transfers
10. Who is my data controller?
11. Your rights
12. Changes to our Privacy Notice
13. Information specific to other services
Cookies
Cookies Used on Survey Pages
Acceptable Uses Policy
Security
General
Print this Page
Privacy Notice
Versions:
December 5, 2024 (current)
November 7, 2024
July 15, 2024
February 15, 2024
November 1, 2023
September 22, 2023
August 1, 2023
June 15, 2023
October 10, 2022
August 16, 2021
July 1, 2021
November 2, 2020
August 6, 2020
July 7, 2020
November 20, 2019
September 26, 2019
January 2, 2019
April 11, 2018
LAST UPDATED: December 5, 2024
1. Introduction
1.1 Scope
This Privacy Notice applies to all the products, services, websites and apps offered by  SurveyMonkey Inc., SurveyMonkey Europe UC, SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Ltda., SurveyMonkey Netherlands B.V., and other SurveyMonkey affiliates (collectively “SurveyMonkey”), except where otherwise noted. The services include SurveyMonkey, SurveyMonkey Apply, SurveyMonkey Audience, SurveyMonkey Rewards, SurveyMonkey Contribute, Wufoo, TechValidate, GetFeedback Direct, and GetFeedback Digital. We refer to those products, services, websites, and apps collectively as the “services” in this Privacy Notice. Unless otherwise noted in your contract, our services are provided by SurveyMonkey Inc. inside of the United States, by SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Ltda. inside of Brazil, and by SurveyMonkey Europe UC everywhere else.
US residents: Please visit our
Region Specific Privacy Notice
for more information on our privacy practices specific to individual states.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees or job applicants in their capacity as employees or candidates. Employees and candidates should refer to our Employee Privacy Notice or
Candidate Privacy Notice
, respectively.
1.2
Quick Links
If you want to identify your data controller please see the “
Who is my data controller?
” section below.
For a quick snapshot of how SurveyMonkey treats personal information see our
Privacy Basics
.
2. Personal Data we collect and the sources
2.1 What do we mean by 'Personal Data'?
References in this Privacy Notice to data, personal information, or information, are all references to Personal Data. Personal Data means information relating to a living individual (a "Data Subject") who is, or can be, reasonably identified from the information, either alone or in conjunction with other information.
2.2 Who do we collect data about?
We group consumers or businesses into the following categories:
Creator
: the business or consumer that holds an account within a SurveyMonkey service that either directly creates surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires or that can collaborate, commenting, or review surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires within an account.
Respondent
: the individual that receives a survey, form, application, or questionnaire powered by a SurveyMonkey service.
Panelist
: the individual that uses Contribute or Rewards to take surveys sent by SurveyMonkey on behalf of Creators, or an individual that receives surveys through a third party panel provider. Privacy information specific to panelists can be found in our
Contribute Privacy Notice
,
Rewards Privacy Notice
, and
Third Party Panel Privacy Notice
.
Visitor
: you are just visiting one of our websites because you are curious,  have been invited to review a survey as a guest, or you have heard about us from our marketing and sales channels!
2.3 Types of Personal Data We Collect
(a) Contact information.
You might provide us with your contact information (for example: name or email address), whether through use of our services, a form on our website, an interaction with our sales or customer support team, or a response to one of SurveyMonkey’s own surveys or forms.
(b) Cookie information.
We use first party and third party cookies and tracking services that employ cookies and page tags (also known as
web beacons
) to collect data about visitors to our websites. This data includes usage and user statistics. Emails sent by SurveyMonkey or by users through our services also include page tags that allow the sender to collect information about who opened those emails and clicked on links in them. We provide more information on cookies in our
Cookies Notice.
(c) Customer support information.
We collect information submitted through our Customer Support portal, such as name, email, and message text. We also record the content of Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales calls.
(d) Usage information.
We collect usage information about you whenever you interact with our websites and services. This includes which webpages you visit, what you click on, when you perform those actions, what language preference you have, what you buy and so on.
(e) Device and browser data.
We collect information from the device and application you use to access our services. Device data mainly means your IP address, operating system version, device type, device ID/MAC address, system and performance information, browser type, and other device, network and browser signals. If you are on a mobile device we also collect the UUID for that device. We also infer your geographic location based on your IP address.
(f) Event data.
Like most websites today, our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of each access, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system versions, device type and timestamps.
(g) Referral information.
If you arrive at a SurveyMonkey website from an external source (such as a link on another website or in an email) or have been invited to review a survey as a guest, we record information about the source that referred you to us.
(h) Integration data.
We collect information from third parties with whom SurveyMonkey enables integrations in order to allow you to use both services.
(i) Account information.
Registration information.
You need a SurveyMonkey account before you can use SurveyMonkey services. When you register for an account, we collect your first and last name, username, password and email address.
Billing information.
If you make a payment to SurveyMonkey, we require you to provide your billing details, a name, address, email address and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment (e.g., a credit card number and expiration date or a bank account number). If you provide a billing address, we will regard that as the location of the account holder to determine the SurveyMonkey entity with whom you contract and the sales tax, if applicable, to be applied to your purchase.
Account settings.
You can set various preferences and personal details on pages like your
account settings page
(or on your account settings page for our other products as applicable). These may include, for example, your default language, time zone and communication preferences (e.g., opting in or out of receiving marketing communications from SurveyMonkey).
(j) Address book information.
We may allow you to import email addresses and other contact information into an
Address Book
so you can easily invite people to take your surveys or fill in your form via our collectors. We do not use this data for our own purposes or to contact anyone, except at your direction.
(k) Survey/form/application data.
We store your survey/form/application data (questions and responses) for you and provide analysis tools for you to use with respect to this data.
(l) First party profile information.
When you sign up for our services you are asked to provide us with information about yourself and to give us more detailed insights into who you are. If you are in a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account this may include providing your photo so your administrator(s) and colleagues can identify you.
(m) Third party profile information.
We may combine information about you from third party sources (such as LinkedIn, ZoomInfo, and other data brokers) with information we hold about you to create a user profile.
3. How we use the Personal Data we collect
3.1 Creator
We process Personal Data about you as a Creator where:
You have consented;
We need to
f
ulfill our contractual responsibility;
We have a legitimate interes
t; and
We have a legal obligation.
3.1.1
Consent
We rely on your consent to process the following data elements:
(a)
Cookies and similar technology.
We or third party data and advertising platforms that we work with collect data from and advertising cookies, page tags, mobile identifiers and IP addresses. We use this data to infer users’ common identities across different services and multiple devices. We may do so, for instance, to tailor ads, personalize marketing, to enable us to determine the success of our advertising campaigns and to improve upon them. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
These third party data and advertising platforms may sometimes use data that we provide to them in order to improve their technologies and their ability to match common devices to users.
To learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of it, please see our
Cookies Notice
in Section 6. By clearing your cookies in your browser settings, you will no longer see personalized messages in this way but you continue to see ads over the internet that are not based on the information you provided to SurveyMonkey. Depending on your geographic location you can also withdraw your consent using our in-product cookie management tools.
(b) Contact information.
We use contact information to respond to your inquiries, send you information as part of the services, and send you marketing information. In jurisdictions where opt-in is required, we will only send you marketing materials based on your consent.
3.1.2
Contract
We collect and use the following data elements on the basis that we have to use this information in order to fulfill our contract with you:
(a) Account information.
We need to use your account information to run your account, provide you with services, bill you for our services, resolve disputes such as chargebacks and refund requests, provide you with customer support, and contact you or your organization about your service or account. These communications are of a transactional nature (e.g., service-related announcements, billing-related matters, changes to our services or policies, a welcome email when you first register). You cannot opt out of these communications since they are required to provide our services to you.
We may also use billing information in aggregate to adjust or manage pricing at the individual level or across all service users.
(b) Customer support information.
We will use information submitted through our Customer Support emails, chats, or phone calls, such as name, email, and message content, in order to provide you with customer support.
(c) Usage information.
We use data about how you use our services and how our services are performing to ensure that we’re meeting our service-level agreements (SLAs) or other contractual obligations to you.
(d) Device and browser data.
We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it. We will also use this data to facilitate account verification and sign in and to enforce our password sharing and security policies. We collect this to help us improve your service experience through a specific device/browser by optimizing how the website looks in a particular browser, how your screen brightness affects your experience and to ensure the service operates optimally and as it should on different devices and browsers.
(e) Integration data.
We collect and use information from third parties and integration partners, where applicable to one of our services, to:
Ensure you can sign-up to our service from a third party integration like Facebook/LinkedIn/Microsoft/Google/SSO;
Ensure you can use our service in conjunction with other services.
See further information
here
on our API partners – for other SurveyMonkey services see below or on the website for that service.
(f) Survey questions and survey responses.
We use machine learning techniques on survey data in order to provide users with useful statistics and more relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services. For example, if you have used open text questions in a survey, our machine learning may provide you with useful insights into sentiment and/or the trends in responses to that question in our Analyze survey tool. You have a choice as regards whether or not to use some of these features. For further information see our Respondent Section.
(g) Aggregated or de-identified survey questions and responses.
We use aggregated or de-identified information to provide users with useful benchmarking statistics and more relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services.
We also use this data to enforce our agreements, where applicable.
3.1.3
Legitimate interests
We process your personal information in the following categories of data for legitimate interests pursued by us. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used.
(a) Contact information.
Where consent is not required, we use contact information to send you marketing information based on our legitimate interests for as long as you do not opt out. You can opt out of marketing communications at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in emails or changing the relevant setting on your
My Account
page.
(b) Customer support information.
We may use information provided to our Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales teams such as name, email, and message content to train machine learning models to better predict customer support question type, provide answers, generate insights about customer support trends, and to improve our Customer Support for you. This data is de-identified where possible.
(c) Usage information.
We use information about how you use our services to improve our services for you and all users and to make recommendations to you and your organization about our other services.
For example: We collect information about the types of surveys/forms/applications you create (e.g., HR surveys), the types of plans you purchase and your account transactional behavior to build a profile about you so as to help direct you and your organization to other relevant features and services we offer and to optimize user experience, for example by making recommendations to you or your organization.
We may also use usage information such as levels and nature of activity in your account and number of responses you are receiving to personalize the features and services we highlight for you and your organization in our Sites, improve user experience and to make recommendations to you and your organization about our services through our sales and marketing efforts.
(d) Event data.
We use events contained in log data for many different business purposes to include:
To create new services, features, content or make recommendations.
To track behavior at the aggregate/de-identified level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services.
To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.
To investigate security issues.
For example: Your IP address is used to determine where an unknown/unauthorized access may have occurred in your account (abuse monitoring).
(e) First party information.
We process other aspects of your account information (like the personal information you provide about your job, your job title, and your marketing preferences) as well as information obtained from public sources, to provide you with a personalized experience and relevant and useful marketing information as well as to make other product, feature and service recommendations to you and your organization to optimize the use of the services we offer (where permitted by law).
You can object to us using your information as described above but in some cases, our ability to fully and properly provide our services to you may be impacted if you do not want us to collect or use the above data. Furthermore, if you are a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account holder, your organization controls some of the data which you include in your profile and they can also edit or remove that information through the primary administrator(s) of that account.
(f) Third party information.
We combine information about you from third party sources (such as LinkedIn and ZoomInfo) with information we hold about you to create a user profile, which will help us to make our sales and marketing efforts more relevant to you and to personalize and improve your service experience.
(g) Referral information.
We use referral information to track the success of our integrations and referral processes.
(h) End page data.
If you use our survey tool, depending on the package you are on and the settings you have selected, your Respondents may reach the standard
survey end page
on completion of a survey. The end page is part of the SurveyMonkey website. We may include our own
research surveys
and polling on this end page. These surveys are optional for any Respondent to take or skip.
(i) De-identified Device Data.
We use aggregated or de-identified Device Data to extract usage patterns and to improve our services.
(j) De-identified Survey Data.
We use machine learning techniques on aggregated or de-identified survey questions and responses to understand usage and improve our services.
3.1.4
Legal obligation.
(a)
To respond to legal requests, we may need to use and disclose information we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
(b)
We may also use usage data, event data, and aggregated or (where possible) de-identified survey questions and responses:
To enforce our agreements where applicable;
To investigate security issues;
To prevent or address potentially unlawful activities; and
To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud under our
Acceptable Uses Policy
.
3.2 Respondent
We process Personal Data about you as a Respondent where:
We need to fulfill our contractual responsibility to deliver the services to the Creator of the survey;
We have a legitimate interest; and
We have a legal obligation.
3.2.1
Contract
(a) Contact information.
We only use contact information to respond to an inquiry on behalf of a Customer if you, as a Respondent, contact us.
(b) Cookies.
We use required cookies to ensure the operation of a Creator’s survey, form, application, or other SurveyMonkey product. These cookies are used to ensure that all aspects of the survey operate appropriately and optimally. For more information please read our
Cookies section below
and our
Respondent Cookies Notice
.
Examples: We use page tags to allow the email sender (for a survey or form for example) to measure the performance of email messaging and to learn how to improve email deliverability and open rates. We also use cookies to ensure a respondent can only take a survey once (where the Creator has set this function) and to track completion rates of surveys.
After completion of a survey, in most cases, you will be redirected to our website and treated as a website visitor where other cookies may be used so you should read our Website Visitor section if this is of interest to you.
(c) Device and browser data.
We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it.
We use your device and browser data to provide our services to the Creator. For example: your IP address is used to ensure that you do not complete the same survey, form, application or questionnaire twice if the creator has included settings to avoid this (ballot stuffing).
(d) Inferred geographic location.
We also may infer your geographic location based on your IP address. This allows Creators to filter responses by inferred geographic location. Note: we do not collect precise (GPS) location.
(e) Event data.
We use event data for many different business purposes including the following:
To create and improve services, features, content or make recommendations;
To track behavior at the aggregate/de-identified level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services; and
To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.
(f) Third parties and integration data.
We will collect and use information from third parties and integration partners to facilitate Creators in sending surveys/forms/applications/questionnaires to you.
(g) Survey response data.
SurveyMonkey may use first party machine learning or third party artificial intelligence tools on data around the type of survey the Creator has sent you, the question type, survey responses (at an aggregated and de-identified/pseudonymized level only), and device and event data associated with responses to  fulfill our contract with Creators and provide Creators with useful and relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services. Specifically, we use machine learning on survey data to help Creators by:
identifying trends in their responses;
ongoing training of models to optimize responses;
making product recommendations and providing guidance on which products and services work best in different scenarios (For an example of this check out how SurveyMonkey Genius works here);
Extracting and analyzing usage patterns, for example, we might identify when respondents prefer multiple choice versus open text questions and make predictive response suggestions when certain question types are selected. We might also use this data to help improve analysis of responses;
undertaking personalization for survey Creators;
improving user experience (for example, by collecting and using device and browser information from Respondents to improve how our survey service operates on those devices and in those browsers or by altering questions to match the responses being provided by a Respondent); and
identify insightful data trends (which do not disclose Personal Data) and make recommendations to Creators based on those trends.
A Creator has some controls over how we use responses and may have opted-out of applying machine learning to responses where it is
linked to a specific product feature
in some cases.
3.2.2
Legitimate Interest
s
We process your personal information in the following categories of data for legitimate interests pursued by us. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used.
(a) Usage information.
We use information about how you use our services to improve our services for you and all users and to make recommendations to our customers about usage of our services.
For example: We collect information about the types of questions you answer. This data will be aggregated and/or de-identified where possible, so we can examine patterns in terms of respondent preferences when submitting responses. We collect and use all this data to help us improve our product so that questions are easier to answer and to help improve the completion rates on surveys/forms.
We will also use information such as the type of survey, form, questionnaire or application that you answered to personalize products we show you on completion of a survey and to understand trends in our service adoption. See more about
Customizing Survey End Page here
).
(b) Responses (in aggregated and/or de-identified form).
To build new product features.
(c) Inferred geographic location.
We may infer your geographic location based on your IP address to produce aggregated data around Respondent location trends. We will use this information to compare and look at trends on how our service operates and how you interact with surveys, on different browsers and devices. Note: we do not collect precise (GPS) location.
(d) Email address.
Depending on your geographic location, we may share your email address in hashed form with marketing vendors to present personalized advertisements such as display, videos, and content on the web or connected devices. You can opt out via
this portal
.
(e) Customer support information.
We may use information provided to our Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales teams such as name, email, and message content to train machine learning models to better predict customer support question type, provide answers, generate insights about customer support trends, and to improve our Customer Support for our Customer. This data is de-identified where possible.
3.2.3
Legal obligation
(a)
To respond to legal requests, we may need to disclose information we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
(b)
We may also use usage data, event data, and aggregated or de-identified survey questions and responses:
To enforce our agreements where applicable;
To investigate security issues;
To prevent or address potentially unlawful activities; and
To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity . For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud under our
Acceptable Uses Policy
.
3.3 Visitor
We process Personal Data about you as a Visitor where:
You have consented;
We need to fulfill our contractual responsibility;
We have a legitimate interest; and
We have a legal obligation.
In some cases, as a former website visitor, we may not have any personal information about you (for example if you have not interacted with our site or have cleared your cookies).
3.3.1
Consent
When you have consented, we collect and use the following information about you:
(a) Contact Information.
We use contact information to respond to your inquiries or send you information about our services, either where you have agreed to this at the point of providing your information or where you operate in a business which may be interested in our services and for as long as you do not opt-out. opt-out of this marketing at any time.
(b) Cookies and similar technology.
We or third party data and advertising platforms that we work with may use or combine multiple technologies, such as non-required cookies, page tags, mobile identifiers and IP addresses to infer users’ common identities across different services and multiple devices such as tablets, browsers, and mobile phones. We may do so to tailor ads to users, personalize marketing, to enable us to determine the success of our advertising campaigns and to improve upon them. We use this data to personalize online marketing campaigns to be relevant to you and your interests in our services. You can withdraw your consent at any time on our Cookie Banner.
If you do not want SurveyMonkey to use this information to serve you targeted ads about our services, you may indicate your preferences at
https://www.aboutads.info
,
https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/
or, if you are located in the European Union, at
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. You may continue to receive ads over the internet that are not based on information you provided to SurveyMonkey.
These third party data and advertising platforms may sometimes use data that we provide to them in order to improve their technologies and their ability to match common devices to users.
3.3.2
Contract
(a) Device and event data.
We use device data to fix bugs and troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it.
(b) Comments/Content.
Any comments or content linked to you which you share if you are a guest invited to collaborate on a survey.
3.3.3
Legitimate Interest
s
We also carry out the following processing for legitimate business interests pursued by us. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used.
(a) Third party profile information.
Where permitted by law, we combine information about you from third party sources with information we hold about you to create a user profile, which will help us to make our sales and marketing efforts more relevant to you and to personalize and improve our marketing/sales campaigns and website experience
(b) Email address.
Depending on your geographic location, we may share your email address in hashed form with marketing vendors to present targeted and personalized marketing and sales information online. You can opt out via
this portal
.
(c) Usage information.
We use information about how you have interacted with our websites to improve our website services for you and all users. Some examples relevant to you:
Examples: We collect information about the webpages you have visited and your activity on our sites at an aggregate level. We collect this information so that we can track the most visited and most useful parts of our website to identify what are our most popular services.
(d) Event data.
We use event data for many different business purposes including the following:
To monitor abuse and troubleshoot;
To track your preferences and create new services, features, content or make recommendations personalized for you;
To track behavior at the aggregate/de-identified level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services; and
To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.
(e) Customer Support information.
We may use information provided to our Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales teams such as name, email, and message content to train machine learning models to better predict customer support question type, provide answers, generate insights about customer support trends, and to improve our Customer Support. This data is de-identified where possible.
(f) Referral information.
We use referral information to track the success of our integrations and referral processes. For example, if you clicked on an advertisement for one of our brands, presented by one of our partners on the web, which brought you to one of our websites, we will record this information to help us track the success of advertising campaigns.
3.3.4
Legal obligation.
(a)
To respond to legal requests, we may need to disclose information we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
(b)
We may also use event data:
To enforce our agreements where applicable;
To prevent potentially illegal activities; and
To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud under our
Acceptable Uses Policy
.
4. How we share or disclose Personal Data
4.1 Information you share
Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it can be indexable by search engines. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and deleting your content but we cannot delete content from search engines so you need to be careful about information you make public.
4.2 Information we share
We do not share your information or data with third parties outside SurveyMonkey except in the following limited circumstances:
(a)
If you are a Creator that is part of a SurveyMonkey Enterprise or team plan, your account information and data will be shared with the primary administrator(s) and your survey data may also be visible to other members in your team with whom you share your surveys or with whom you collaborate. Your administrator(s) will be able to view your account data, change your passwords, suspend, transfer or terminate your account or restrict your settings. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this.
(b)
If you are the primary administrator of a SurveyMonkey team plan, the team name and the domain of the email address on your account may be shared with an individual who has been invited to preview a survey created by one of the members of your team in order to facilitate their request to join the team. You can learn more about how to adjust Team Discovery settings
here.
(c)
If you are part of a SurveyMonkey Enterprise or team plan, your plan’s administrator(s) can transfer your survey questions and responses to, or share them with, other members in your team, including your plan’s administrator(s) themselves.  Your plan’s administrator(s) can also delete your survey questions and responses.  Your plan’s administrator(s) may also have the ability to make changes to any aspects of your survey questions and analysis.  Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this.
(d)
If your organization has purchased a SurveyMonkey Enterprise plan and you are using an email address on a domain owned by your employer or organization linked to your individual account, you may be asked to migrate to the SurveyMonkey Enterprise Account and your email address, name and account data will subsequently be visible to the primary administrator(s) for that account once you have been migrated. You may be notified in advance of this migration and given an opportunity to change the email address linked to your account if you are not using your account for business purposes.
(e)
To help us provide certain aspects of our services we use our affiliates and trusted key partners – in particular, we engage third parties to:
facilitate our collectors for sending surveys by email or text to Respondents. For email delivery, we use
SparkPost
and for text/SMS services we use
Twilio
. We share the relevant contact information for respondents (email address or phone number as applicable) with these third parties.
facilitate Creators in making
payments
.
to facilitate the delivery of certain features, for example if you use the “Create a survey using AI” we will send your survey prompts to our AI vendor. We recommend that you do not include Personal Data in these prompts but if you do they will be shared with the AI vendor.
to detect fraud (to include, for example, performing identify checks or verify malicious IPs).
deliver and help us track our marketing and advertising content.
help us track website conversion success metrics.
manage our sales and customer support services to you, including for resolving any disputes.
We enter into confidentiality and data processing terms with partners to ensure they comply with high levels of confidentiality and best practices in privacy and security standards and we regularly review these standards and practices. You can find more information in our
Subprocessor Statement
.
(f)
On your instructions, we share your information or data if you choose to use an integration in conjunction with SurveyMonkey services, to the extent necessary to facilitate that use. See further information
here
on our API partners.
(g)
We also may have to share information or data for the following purposes:
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
To enforce applicable policies, including investigation of potential violations;
To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
To protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users, the public or to SurveyMonkey and/or as required or permitted by law; and
To facilitate a sale, merger or change in control of all or any part of our company or business or in preparation for any of these events.
5. Data retention
If you are a Creator, we generally do not delete the data in your account as long as your account is active – you are responsible for and control the time periods for which you retain this data. You can read about this
here
for account use. Here are some exceptions:
If you are a SurveyMonkey Basic (free) user on our platforms and you have not engaged with the service actively for some time, we reserve the right to delete your account and data in accordance with our data retention policy.
If you have exceeded your response limit as a SurveyMonkey Basic (free) account holder, we will delete the overages if you do not upgrade within a fixed timeframe.
We also encourage Creators to actively review their data retention practices in their account and take care to retain data only as long as is strictly necessary.
We also describe the expiry periods for cookies on our websites in our
Cookies Notice
.
6. Personalized marketing and cookies
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies on our websites. For more information see our
Cookies Notice
. For information about cookies used in our surveys please see
Cookies used on Survey Pages
. If you are a customer of SurveyMonkey and separately use cookies or similar technologies in conjunction with any of our products and services, then you yourself will be responsible for complying with any laws related to the use of those technologies and this Privacy Notice is not applicable to that use by you.
You can also choose to remove or disable cookies via your
browser settings
and, depending on your geographic location you can withdraw consent to non-essential cookies using the in-product cookie preferences tool.
You can opt-out from direct marketing in your account and we provide opt-out options in all direct marketing emails. Finally, if you do not wish to see personalized marketing content on the web related to our service you can clear the cookies in your browser settings. See our Help Center article on how to do this
here
.
Depending on your geographic location, we may share your email address in hashed form with marketing vendors to present targeted and personalized marketing and sales information online. You can opt out via
this portal
.
7. Security
We have a security statement related to our self-serve businesses (SurveyMonkey and Wufoo) available to view
here
. For information about security related to our other business lines you can speak to a sales representative by completing the form
here
.
8. Safety of Minors
Our services (including creating and responding to surveys) are not intended for and may not be used by minors. “
Minors
” are individuals under the age of 16 (or under a higher age as provided in certain countries or territories). SurveyMonkey does not knowingly collect Personal Data from Minors or allow them to register. If it comes to our attention that we have collected Personal Data from a Minor, we may delete this information without notice. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact customer support.
9. Data Transfers
Your information and data may be processed in and transferred or disclosed in the United States and countries in which our affiliates are located and in which our service providers are located or have servers. You can view a list of these locations in our
EU Data Transfer Statement
. You can also read about data that is stored in our other data centers here in our
International Data Center Overview
. We ensure that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements with standard contractual clauses or other transfer mechanisms as approved by the European Commission or relevant data protection authority.
We have also provided a
help article
which answers some additional questions about data transfers to the US.
9.1
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles.
SurveyMonkey Inc. has self-certified its compliance under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles. SurveyMonkey Inc. is committed to subjecting all personal information received from the European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the Framework’s applicable Principles. SurveyMonkey Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. SurveyMonkey Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
SurveyMonkey Inc. also complies with the onward transfer liability provisions of the DPF.
When SurveyMonkey Inc. receives personal information under the DPF and then transfers it to a third-party service provider acting as agent on SurveyMonkey Inc.'s behalf, SurveyMonkey Inc. has certain liability under the DPF if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF and (ii) SurveyMonkey Inc. is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. In certain situations, SurveyMonkey Inc. may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
With respect to Personal Data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF, SurveyMonkey Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  Please contact SurveyMonkey Inc. as described in Section 11 below if you have any concerns or complaints of any nature. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/How-to-Submit-a-Complaint-Relating-to-a-Participating-Organization-s-Compliance-with-the-DPF-Principles-dpf
, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
10. Who is my data controller?
If you have provided survey responses, filled out a form, submitted an application, or provided website feedback to a Creator using SurveyMonkey services, that Creator is the controller of your data, and SurveyMonkey is the processor of that data.
For SurveyMonkey Enterprise account holders, your organization’s primary administrator controls some basic account level information which you input when setting up your account like name, email address, and profile photo.
If you have provided survey responses, filled out a form, submitted an application, or provided website feedback directly to SurveyMonkey, then SurveyMonkey is the controller and our use of that data is described by this Notice and in our
SurveyMonkey Research Privacy Notice
.
If you are a Creator and have received more responses than your plan allows (“overage data”), SurveyMonkey is the controller over the overage data until you change your plan type, or the overage data is deleted in accordance with section 12.4 of our
Terms of Use
or per the terms of your negotiated contract.
SurveyMonkey is a controller for the account-level data provided by its Creators and panelists from Contribute and Rewards. More information can be found in section 13.6 of this Privacy Notice.
11. Your rights
You may wish to exercise a right to obtain information about yourself or to correct, update or delete that information. For more information about these rights you can read about it
here
. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations in local law. Please note your rights and choices vary depending upon your location. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and we will respond to your request to exercise these rights within a reasonable time (and in all cases within 30 days of receiving a request) subject to the below for specific categories of person.
11.1
Apply Applicants
For SurveyMonkey Apply users please see
information on how to exercise your rights here
.
11. 2 Creator
Where you hold an account with any SurveyMonkey service, you are entitled to a copy of all Personal Data which we hold in relation to you. You also may be entitled to request that we restrict how we use your data or object to some aspect of our treatment of your data. You can access a lot of your data in your own account when you log in. If you want to exercise your rights, please contact us
here
.
Depending on your plan type, SurveyMonkey also enables you to export your own response data from our system in a variety of formats so that you can back it up or use it with other applications. Alternatively, for assistance in exporting or deleting responses, you can contact us.
11.3 Respondent
Where you have responded to a survey, form, questionnaire or application sent to you by a Creator using a SurveyMonkey service, you will need to reach out directly to that individual or organization to discuss managing, deleting, accessing, restricting access to or otherwise withdrawing consent for use of the information which you provided to them in your responses. SurveyMonkey does not control your response data and, accordingly, is not in a position to directly handle these requests in relation to that data. If you are having difficulties finding this Creator or if you have any other questions after reading this Privacy Notice, you can
contact us
through
our support team
and we will try our best to help you.
11.4 Panelist
If you have created a Rewards or Contribute account with us, you can request a copy of your Personal Data, delete your Personal Data, or correct it.
11.5 Visitor
Where you have visited our website and you want to exercise any of the above rights please contact our support team
here
. Alternatively, if your request is for the right to be forgotten as it relates only to our use of cookies you can achieve this by clearing the cookies in your browser settings. See our Help Center article describing how to do this
here
.
11.6 Authorized Agent
If you are a third party organization acting on behalf of a data subject (or class of data subjects) to exercise data subject rights, we do work with you. In this case:
We ask you to follow our process outlined in this Privacy Notice for security reasons so that we can independently verify the Creator (if it is a Creator) making any requests to exercise their rights.
Where applicable, we directly interact with a Creator’s registered email address, because we authenticate users with username and unique password and not with other identifying information (e.g., photo ID or similar).
Please do not share other forms of personal identification for data subjects with us when submitting requests.
11.7
Other rights and choices
For rights and choices specific to US consumers, please refer to our
Region Specific Privacy Notice
. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of your request as described in that Notice.
11.8
Contact
Except as explicitly provided herein, please use the following contact information for privacy inquiries
SurveyMonkey Inc.
910 Park Pl, Suite 300
San Mateo, California 94403
United States
Or contact us
here
.
SurveyMonkey Europe UC
Ella House, Suite 40.4
40 Merrion Square East
Dublin 2
D02 NP96
Ireland
Or contact us
here
.
Data Protection Officer
: SurveyMonkey's Data Protection Officer is registered with the Irish Data Protection Commission.  Contact our DPO at
dpo@surveymonkey.com
.
Note that our contact form is the
best
way to make a rights request with us.
11.9
Complaints
If you are a resident in the European Union and you are dissatisfied with how we have managed a complaint you have submitted to us, you are entitled to contact your local data protection supervisory authority. As SurveyMonkey Europe UC operates its business in Ireland, it operates under the remit of the Irish Office of the Data Protection Commissioner (see:
IDPC Website
).
12. Changes to our Privacy Notice
We can make changes to the
Privacy Basics
and this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will identify the changes we have made on
this page
. In circumstances where a change will materially change the way in which we collect or use your personal information or data, we will send a notice of this change to all of our account holders.
13. Privacy information specific to other services
Although this Privacy Notice applies to all our Services, some information may be specific to individual Services. Please see below for more information
13.1
TechValidate
Our main Privacy Notice applies to our TechValidate users except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is only applicable to our survey tool.
13.1.1
TechFacts
TechFacts are published on an anonymous basis – that is, no Respondent Personal Information is displayed in a TechFact unless your Respondents authorize the use of their name and company affiliation. You are able to see the individual respondent’s identity in your account and, if you give a SurveyMonkey employee permission to view that response, then SurveyMonkey will also see this. However, we never publish or disseminate this information (unless you explicitly ask us to do so).
We assign a unique identification number to each TechFact. The ID will appear on each copy of the TechFact. Our site is designed so that visitors may look up and view TechFacts without the collection of any personal information (except for such visitor's internet protocol (IP) address).
13.2
SurveyMonkey Apply
SurveyMonkey Apply is an online application system that helps organizations collect applications, manage subscriptions and facilitate reviews. Our main Privacy Notice applies to
apply.surveymonkey.com
(“SurveyMonkey Apply”) except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is applicable only to our survey tool. Responses and Respondents in this section are intended as reference to applicants and their applications for the purposes of use of SurveyMonkey Apply.
When an applicant submits an application through SurveyMonkey Apply, their login information can be used for multiple applications across the SurveyMonkey Apply site.
If you have any questions about your personal information in the context of our SurveyMonkey Apply service, you can contact us
here
.
13.3
Wufoo
Our main Privacy Notice applies to our Wufoo users except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is only applicable to our survey tool.
13.3.1
Your control over your form data
We store your form data (form content and responses) for you. You have the following controls over your form data:
Download/backup your form data. We provide you with the ability to export, share and publish your form data in a variety of formats. This allows you to create your own backups or work with your data offline. See
here
for data exporting instructions.
Delete your form data. You can delete your form data (including parts of forms, entire forms, and responses to forms) through your account's user interface. See
here
for how to delete form entries.
Cancel your Wufoo account. You can cancel your Wufoo account at any time through your account management page. Any cancellation of your Wufoo account will result in the deletion of your account and all form data stored in it. This data cannot be recovered once your account is cancelled. Please be aware that we may for a time retain residual information in our backup and/or archival copies of our database for up to 90 days.
We would like to emphasize that we will not use your form data to compete with you, market to your clients, or contact them for any other means of profit. We will also not sell your form data to anyone.
13.4
GetFeedback Digital (formerly Usabilla)
Our main Privacy Notice applies to our GetFeedback Digital users, except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is only applicable to our survey tool, or information in this section distinguishes our treatment of data and information in the case of GetFeedback Digital’s service, in which case this Section takes precedence.
Information about GetFeedback Digital APIs is provided
here
.
Information about GetFeedback Digital partners is provided
here
.
We do not delete customer data unless the customer has instructed us to do so. You can delete your data at any time. You can also set a data retention period between 1-36 months after which data is automatically deleted.
Sentiment Analysis and other additional machine learning features are auto-implemented for all customer accounts and cannot be switched off. If you do not wish to collect sentiment on your response data you should avoid use of open text response questions.
To adjust your preferences and settings around data and information you must be logged into your account and/or can contact GetFeedback Digital’s team at privacy@getfeedback.com for assistance or you can read about this more
here
.
To exercise your data rights (as described in our main Privacy NoticeSection 14 above) you can use our
contact form
(please specify that this is a GetFeedback Digital request) or you can contact GetFeedback Digital’s team at privacy@getfeedback.com.
13.5
GetFeedback Direct
Our main Privacy Notice applies to our GetFeedback Direct users, except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is only applicable to our survey tool, or information in this section distinguishes our treatment of data and information in the case of GetFeedback Direct's service, in which case this section takes precedence. If you are part of any of our early adopter programs our main Privacy Notice will apply to you.
13.5.1
Sentiment Analysis
Sentiment Analysis and other additional machine learning features are auto-implemented for all customer accounts and cannot be switched off. If you do not wish to collect sentiment on your response data you should avoid use of open text response questions.
13.5.2
Salesforce
GetFeedback Direct is a Salesforce ISVforce partner. If you have created a GetFeedback Direct account, the registration information you provide will be disclosed to Salesforce.com, Inc. and will be used by Salesforce.com, Inc. pursuant to its privacy policy (see
Salesforce Privacy Policy
). More information about how to automate emails in GetFeedback Direct using Salesforce is available
here
. Information about displaying a Post Chat Survey in Salesforce Chat can be found
here
.
13.5.3
Suppression Lists
You can manage your suppression lists and map these to Salesforce so as to ensure you comply with unsubscribe requests from your Respondents by following the steps outlined
here
. For clarity, we are not responsible for how you manage your suppression lists.
13.5.4
Contact Us
To exercise your rights (as described in Section 11 of the Privacy Notice), please contact the GetFeedback Direct support team at
help@getfeedback.com
.
13.6
Audience
If you are a panelist using our Rewards or Contribute apps, please read the following notices as they apply to your use of those Services:
SurveyMonkey Contribute Privacy Notice
SurveyMonkey Rewards Privacy Notice
If you are a panelist responding to a SurveyMonkey survey through a third party, please read the following notice as it applies to your use of those Services:
Third Party Panel Privacy Notice
Sub-policy 2
https://www.convert.com/privacy-policy/:
MAKING CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This policy is effective from November 8th, 2024
We regularly update this policy and post the updated Notice on the website so it is your responsibility as a customer and/or website user to check it. However, if we make a significant change (i.e. change the way data is processed in a way which you wouldn’t expect) then we will actively let you know, by, for example, emailing you using the last email address you give us. We want you to be able to review the revised policy (and change your mind if you want to) before continuing to use the website and Services.
IN A NUTSHELL
We track users for our test and targeting software but do not store IP addresses to figure out your identity. In addition we do not store sensitive personal data.
ABOUT US
We are Convert Insights Inc. of 2093 PHILADELPHIA PIKE #9985, CLAYMONT, DE 19703, USA and we own and operate this website
www.convert.com
.
The person responsible for data protection is the Privacy Principles Officer, Dionysia Kontotasiou
      and you can email them at
support@convert.com
.
As an organization we are subject to the regulatory and enforcement authority of the United States Federal Trade Commission.
IN A NUTSHELL
You need to know anything about how we protect your privacy? All you need to do is ask us!
WHAT IS PERSONAL DATA?
In the US, there isn’t currently one single federal law which defines personal data (or regulates its protection and security) but the GDPR’s definition of personal data is any information which could identify you, including your name, address and email address and IP address. Special category data is more sensitive, such as information about your health or ethnic origin. We don’t collect special categories of personal data but we do collect personal data.
WHEN AND HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
You can visit our website and read information about us and our products and services without revealing any personally identifiable information. However, if you want to become a customer, you must create an account and set up a profile.
IN A NUTSHELL
We collect personal data in a variety of ways and you can find out more
here
.
We collect personal data from you in the following ways:
Forms you complete on the Website. This will contain your email address, first name, last name, location, and any other information you choose to provide to us. You should limit the information you provide to us that is only necessary to answer your questions.
When you register and create an account with us you will provide your name, email address, and other information requested. We also enrich your email address with company details. You will also create a profile and select a password and you can decide to provide additional information (e.g. a nickname and certain user preferences).
Information you provide to us when you buy from us or ask us to provide services and/or products to you (your first and last name, email address, physical address, credit card or other payment information, phone number, and other information requested).
The information you provide when you communicate with us such as by email  or when you use our website chat software.
When you are a customer - we collect tracking information about your website visitors and process that data on your behalf.
When you have opted in to receive marketing communications from us (e.g. newsletter)
            Any surveys or feedback requests which you choose to complete or competitions which you choose to enter.
Automatic information (some of which can be personal data) about your visits to our Website which will include (but are not limited to) your IP address, online tracking such as location, browser and type of device you use and your operating system, your internet service provider’s name, and the name of the website from which you entered our website, if any, as well as the name of the website you visit when you leave our website. We use all this information to analyze trends among our users to help improve our website. Please also
see our Cookie Policy
.
Personal data is provided by our customers using our Services (our Service allows our customers to transmit and store additional information on our servers).
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use personal data in a variety of ways and you can find out more
here
.
We use personal data so that we can:
Supply you with Services and/or products you have asked us for.
Deal with any queries and resolve any problems and disputes.
Send you any information you have asked for or which we think will interest you, where you have consented to this happening, or information we need to tell you about.
Deal with any request for help or answer your queries and customer support generally.
Personalize and customize our content and to give you the best user experience and to enable you to participate in interactive features of our Website.
To analyze and monitor how our Website is used and to help us administer and improve it (including security and fraud detection) and to run our business generally.
We do not make any automated decisions or undertake any profiling.
IN A NUTSHELL
It’s important that you understand how we use your personal data.
THE LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We only process (collect, use or store) your information when we have a lawful basis for doing so. You can find out more
here
.
There are several lawful bases which we rely on, particularly in relation to GDPR, including:
Contract – to fulfil our contractual obligations to you or because you have asked us to do something before we enter into a contract together (for example when you register as a customer and/or buy from us or when you are a customer using our services).
Consent – when you agree that we can use your personal data in a particular way  (for example, when you have opted in to receive marketing communications from us).
Legal obligation – when the law says that we must, such as for tax reasons (for example copies of invoices and information relating to payments we receive.
Legitimate interest – when we use your personal data in ways you would reasonably expect, and which have a minimal privacy impact, or where there is a compelling justification.
IN A NUTSHELL
We need a lawful basis before we can process your personal data.
CONTROLLING WHAT PERSONAL DATA YOU GIVE US
Our customers can place an opt-out link on their website and we respect your privacy when you turn off tracking features and other security settings in your browser. You can find out more
here
.
Each of our customers is invited to place an opt-out link on their website that can be used by visitors to their websites who do not want their information given to us, Convert Insights Inc. By clicking on the link, those visitors can activate our opt-out process. We will implement each opt-out election in the shortest amount of time possible after receipt.
We have placed a general opt-out on the home page of our Site. By using the general opt-out, our customers can direct us to purge all or a portion of the data that we have received or collected in the course of performing the Services.
You can opt-out of our Services for each individual customer website and for all of our Services for all customer sites. We provide the opt-out functionality at:
https://www.convert.com/opt-out/
.
Upon receiving your opt-out request, we will purge the information submitted to us pertaining to that request.
DO NOT TRACK SETTINGS
Some web browsers have settings that enable you to request that our website not track your movement within our website. Our website obeys such settings when transmitted to and detected by our website. You can alter tracking features and other security settings in your browser by referring to your browser’s user manual.
WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TO GIVE US YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
If you do not wish to provide us with the personal data which we need from our customers, (or you provide us with the data but then change your mind), you will be unable to use our Services.
IN A NUTSHELL
You can control what data you give us but we'll need some if you want be our customer.
ACCURACY OF PERSONAL DATA – UPDATING YOUR PROFILE
We want your data to be accurate and up-to-date so please keep us up to date when anything changes. Customers (registered users) can do this by updating their profile. Alternatively, you can email us at support@convert.com or visit
https://www.convert.com/contact-us/
.
WHO DO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH?
There are likely to be times when we must share your personal data with others, for example, where the law requires or to enforce our rights or protect others, such as for fraud prevention or if we sell all or part of our business or it is otherwise acquired by someone else. We could also:
Allow authorized third parties (for a list of our authorized third parties
see here
) to track and store information about visitors to our website (including IP addresses).
Disclose your personal data to those who are providing services to us if they have appropriate processes to protect it.
Otherwise we will only share your personal information if you have consented to this.
IN A NUTSHELL
We share data with others but we want you to know all about it.
DATA FROM OUR CUSTOMERS AND THEIR WEBSITES
Customers can specify the categories of data they wish to receive and you can find out more
here
.
The Services we provide to customers consists of tracking visits to their websites and collecting information about the behavior of those visitors. The data we collect helps you (the customer) optimize your website and to use it strategically. This data can include the web addresses (URLs) of pages visited, the URLs of web pages that referred your visitors to your website, details about the web browsers that visitors use to browse your website, the operating systems used by those visitors, the number of screen colors and the screen resolution used by the visitors to view your websites and external geodata elements connected to your visitors' IP address, including country, city, region, etc.
Our Service is organized so that our customers can specify the categories of data they wish to receive. The foregoing categories of information do not necessarily enable us or others to identify you or the visitors to your website. However, if the URLs we collect contain information that in themselves include personally identifiable information, such as a name or phone number, or if they link to pages that contain personally identifiable information, then we can collect that information as well.
Our Service allows our customers to transmit and store additional information on our servers. This additional information can be anything, including personally identifiable information, except that we don't permit URLs or internet addresses to be stored. We have no control over what information is transmitted by our customers to our servers. Our customers can also request that we receive personally identifiable information that has been rightfully obtained by those customers, such as the email addresses of those who visit their websites and the information those visitors to their websites choose to post.
All of the information that we collect from our customers, retain and store, that identifies them and the visitors to their websites belong to our customers. We treat that information as proprietary, confidential customer property. Convert Insights Inc. is merely a limited agent that possesses and uses the information only for purposes of performing the Services requested by our customers. We recommend that our customers include information in their own privacy policies that describes their use of hosted optimization services such as those we provide. We also recommend that each of our customers provides its visitors with information regarding their ability to opt-out of permitting disclosure of their personally identifiable information to providers such as Convert Insights Inc. We urge visitors to our customers' websites to review the privacy policies of those websites. Those privacy policies govern the use of visitors' personally identifiable information by our customers and also by us.
GDPR RIGHTS FOR EUROPEAN UNION INDIVIDUALS
The law gives you certain rights in relation to your personal data and to exercise or discuss these rights contact Dionysia Kontotasiou at
support@convert.com
.
You can find our more about your rights
here
The following rights can apply to personal data we collect and process (these can vary according to the lawful basis we rely on to process personal data) so that you can:
Access personal data that we hold about you (Right to access your personal data).
Make changes to your personal data if it is incomplete or inaccurate (Right to rectification) – see
ACCURACY OF PERSONAL DATA – UPDATING YOUR PROFILE
.
Restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, including where we are relying on legitimate interest as a lawful basis to process your personal data and you need us to check this basis.
Ask us to erase your personal data (Right to be forgotten) and prevent processing in specific circumstances, particularly when your consent is the lawful basis for us processing your data.
Object to us processing your personal data in certain circumstances, including for direct marketing purposes, and where we rely on legitimate interest as a lawful basis to process your personal data.
Obtain and reuse your personal data (in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format) for your own purposes across different platforms (data portability) where the processing is based on your consent or for the performance of a contract.
IN A NUTSHELL
GDPR gives EU residents specific data rights and we comply with those rights.
EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
You can exercise your GDPR rights by contacting us at support@convert.com and can find out more about our process
here
When you choose to exercise any of your data protection rights:
We will ask you for some information (primarily identification and clarification) and we can supply an optional form for you to complete if you would like to use it.
We will deal with your request as soon as we are able to; usually, that’s within one month of receiving it.
If there is going to be a delay in dealing with your request (for example, because it’s complex) or there is a reason why we can’t comply with your request, we will let you know and explain why within one month of receiving your request.
There is usually no charge unless your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
STORING PERSONAL DATA
We keep your data:
For as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed.
To enable us to comply with our legal obligations, for example for tax purposes.
Details about how long we retain data is
here
.
Please check that the retention periods meet your other compliance obligations:
Data Subject
How long is personal data kept?
Customers
We will retain personal data for 7 years from the date that you ceased to be a customer.
Potential Customers
We will retain personal data for 12 months from the date of our last contact.
Potential Suppliers
We will retain personal data for 6 months from the date of the last time you contacted us.
Suppliers
We will retain personal data for 7 years from the date that you ceased to be a supplier.
Employees
We will retain personal data for 7 years from the date that you ceased to be an employee.
Potential employees
We will retain personal data for 12 months from the date of the last time you contacted us.
IN A NUTSHELL
We store personal data for only as long as we need to.
TRANSFERRING PERSONAL DATA
Our company is registered and based in the US and so your data will be processed, transferred or stored outside the EU and the UK and Switzerland to countries including the US, which do not have the same data protection as the EU. However, wherever we transfer, process or store your personal data, we will take reasonable steps to protect it.
We comply with GDPR and the Data Privacy Framework when transferring the personal data of EU, UK and Swiss individuals, and you can find out more
here
.
EU and UK Residents – transfers
Since some countries do not have the same level of data protection the law restricts the transfer of your personal data so that this can only take place if:
Certain conditions are met. These include, for example:
There is a list of countries (approved by the European Commission) which provide an adequate level of data protection.
There is an obligation on us to ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place, such as; binding corporate rule; compliance with an approved code of conduct, using contractual data protection clauses approved and/or adopted by the European Commission; certification under an approved mechanism. An example would be the EU-US Data Privacy Framework where organizations self-certify that they meet the Data Privacy Framework standards – see
EU, UK and Swiss individuals – Data Privacy Framework for transfers to the U.S
., below.
There is a derogation or exemption, including your informed, compliant and valid consent or contractual performance obligation (including pre-contractual steps) which we would usually rely on and which allows us to do this.
It’s a one-off transfer which meets the relevant criteria.
EU, UK and Swiss individuals - the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (EU-US DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Convert Insights, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Convert Insights, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Convert Insights, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks, Convert Insights is subject to the regulatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the DPF Principles, EU, UK and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also may correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under the DPF, should direct their query to support@convert.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to support@convert.com.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Convert Insights’ accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Data Privacy Framework Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the DPF Principles. In particular, Convert Insights remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Convert Insights proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Data Privacy Framework Enforcement & Disputes
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework Principles, Convert Insights Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF. European Union, United Kingdom and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact should Convert Insights Inc. at:
Convert Insights Inc.
Department: Data Privacy Framework Principles
2093 PHILADELPHIA PIKE #9985
CLAYMONT, DE 19703, USA
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Convert Insights, Inc. commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK SERVICES, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK SERVICES are provided at no cost to you.
If your Data Privacy Framework complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
.
IN A NUTSHELL
We transfer data out of the EU and the UK and Swiss but we know what we’re doing and comply with the Data Privacy Framework.
Customers
. That data is stored in the US. For that we have Data Privacy Framework  in place.
Website visitors on customer sites
. That data stays in Europe on German servers and does not leave Europe.
DATA SECURITY
We have implemented technology, security policies and measures to protect the personal information that we have under our control from unauthorized access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss. To find out more,
see below
.
The data we collect from our customers and their websites in the course of providing the Services is stored on servers operated by third parties under contract with us. The user names and passwords our customers use to access their accounts and the Services are stored on servers operated by different third parties, also under contract with us. Those third parties have instituted reasonable commercial measures to ensure the security of our customers' information, and we rely on the effectiveness of those measures to keep our customers' information secure. These security measures include physical security of the facilities where the servers are located; redundant storage of data in multiple physical locations; access to data based on established privilege levels; firewalls to prevent unauthorized access; and SSL-encrypted API calls. We do not collect, store or transmit any credit card or banking account data from sites installing our code.
Data that our customers submit to us regarding visitors to their websites do not contain any personally identifiable information unless the visitors themselves have included such personally identifiable information in their submissions to our customers' websites. We have no control over this, and we disclaim any responsibility for the unauthorized use or disclosure of such information. However, such data is retained in the servers in an anonymous form and IP addresses are not stored.
IN A NUTSHELL
We take care of your personal data.
COLLECTING AND PROCESSING NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you use the Website we also collect non-personal information or aggregated information – that is any information about more than one individual where the individual’s identity is unknown and cannot be inferred from that information. This helps us run our Website and business effectively. Find out more
here
.
Our website uses Google Analytics to collect information about the use of our website. We use this information to analyze traffic, improve our marketing, and to improve our website. Google Analytics does not collect your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected using Google Analytics with personal data. For more information on how Google collects and processes your data, visit
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
You can prevent Google Analytics from using your information by opting out at this link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
We use cookies – please read our Cookie Policy which can be found
here
.
LINK TO THIRD PARTIES AND SOCIAL MEDIA
You can visit or leave our Website by clicking a link to or from another website or platform operated by a third party – for example, you can use social media icons (such as Twitter). If you do this, please also take the time to read the relevant privacy information provided by other websites/platforms because they will be different to our privacy Notice which only relates to our website.
HIPAA NON-COMPLIANCE
Customers acknowledge that Convert Insights Inc is not a Business Associate or subcontractor (as those terms are defined in HIPAA) and that the Convert Insights Inc. Services is not HIPAA compliant. “HIPAA” means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and related amendments and regulations as updated or replaced. “Regulated Data” includes HIPAA-regulated data and data covered under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (or related rules or regulations) as updated or replaced.
DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
If you or your organization are required under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to enter into a contract, or other binding legal act under EU or Member State law, with your data processors, you can review and accept our Data Processing Agreement
here
.
Skip this form
First Name
*
Business Email
*
(Input a valid email address)
I want to receive the Convert Newsletter
By submitting this form, you agree to have read and acknowledged our:
terms of use
,
privacy notice
and
non-aligned customers' policy
*
×
Convert as a conscious business only works with other conscious brands. Read more details at this link in a new tab
Continue
You can always change your preferences later.
Company Name
*
What Job(s) Do You Do at Work?
*
(Choose Up to 2 Options):
I manage a marketing team
I manage a tech team
I research and/or hypothesize experiments
I code & QA experiments
Convert is committed to protecting your privacy.
Country
*
Where Did You Hear About Convert (optional)
START MY FREE TRIAL
Check your inbox for the password to Convert’s trial account.
Log in using the link provided in that email.
This sign up flow is built for maximum security. You’re worth it!
Close Form
Sub-policy 3
https://www.classmarker.com/online-testing/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 12 May 2018
These terms and conditions are the terms on which ClassMarker Pty Ltd (ACN 140 552 389) ("
ClassMarker
",
                "
We
" or "
Us
")
                permit You to access and use the Website and view and interact with any information, content, advice or
                material provided by Us.
ClassMarker Pty Ltd ("
ClassMarker
", "
we
",
                "
us
", or
                "
our
") recognizes the importance of privacy. In this Privacy Policy,
                we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about visitors to our website,
                www.classmarker.com (the "
Site
"),
                and the services available through our Site (collectively, the "
Services
").
By visiting the Site or using any of our Services, you agree that your
                personal information will be handled as described in this Privacy
                Policy, except if you are resident in the EU, in which case please see Section 14 below.
                Your use of our Site or Services, and any dispute over
                privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy. Our
Terms and Conditions
are incorporated by reference
                into this Privacy Policy.
ClassMarker Pty Ltd (ACN 140552 389) is subject to the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
                and complies with the
                principles for handling your personal information.
Information we collect
How we use your information
How we disclose your information
Cookies and other tracking mechanisms
California Do Not Track disclosure
Third-party analytics
Internet-based advertising
User-generated content
Security
Your choices
Consent to transfer personal information
Children
External links
EU Residents
Contact us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
1. Information we collect
We collect information, which may include personal information, about
                you directly from you, from third parties, and automatically through
                your use of our Site or Services. We may combine information
                automatically collected with other information that we have collected
                about you.
You may browse and use certain portions of our Site without directly
                providing us with any personal information. Certain features, however, may only be used
                by organisations or their users that are registered. For example, in order to
                create your own quizzes you must provide us with certain information.
Information You Provide Us.
Depending on your interactions with our Site, you may provide us your name, username, email address,
                    and country of residence if you use our Site, and your message if your message if you
Contact Us
through our Site.
Information About You We Obtain from Third Parties.
We may obtain certain information about registered administrator accounts from a third party system
                    to determine IP address location information, or from a third party system (such as a recruiter)
                    that integrates with our system that sends us data via our API to allow you to use services on our
                    Site.
Information We Collect Automatically.
We automatically collect information through
                    your use of our Site using cookies and other technologies. This information may include, without
                    limitation, your domain name, operating system, settings and system configurations, IP address, the
                    webpages you access within our Site, the website that led you to our Site, the website to which you
                    go
                    after leaving our Site, the dates and times you access our Site, and web log data.
2. How we use your information
We may use your information for the following purposes:
Providing Our Services.
To provide our Services to you; to communicate with you,
                    including via email, about your use of our Services; to respond to your inquires; and for
                    other customer service purposes.
Marketing.
We may market our services to persons outside the EU.
                    Where you consent, we may provide you with news and newsletters,
                    special offers, and promotions; to contact you about products or information we think may interest
                    you; and for other marketing, advertising, and promotional purposes provided that you have not
                    opted-out of receiving such communications.
Analyzing Use of Our Services.
To better understand how users access and use our
                    Site and Services, on an aggregated basis; to respond to user desires and
                    preferences; and for other research and analytical purposes.
To Protect Rights and Interests.
To protect our rights and interests as well as
                    the rights and interests of our customers, users of our Site or Services, and any other person,
                    as well as to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms and
                        Conditions
.
Complying with the Law.
To comply with applicable legal obligations,
                    including informal requests from law enforcement.
3. How we disclose your information
We may disclose your information, including personal information, with the following
                entities:
ClassMarker Users.
We will disclose your information to other ClassMarker users as
                    part of our Services. For example, instructors will receive information about the users who have
                    registered under them; this information may include user name, full name, email address and test
                    results. Similarly, users will receive information about their instructors, such as their name or
                    notes prepared by the instructor.
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to current or future affiliates or
                    subsidiaries for research, marketing, and other purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers.
We may disclose your information to our vendors, service
                    providers, agents, or others who perform functions on our behalf.
We may also disclose your information, including personal information, in the following
                ways:
Business Transfers.
We may disclose your information to another entity if we are
                    acquired by or merged with another company, if we sell or transfer a business unit or assets to
                    another company, as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, or as part of any other similar business
                    transfer.
Legal Compliance.
We may disclose your information in order to comply with the law,
                    regulation, a judicial proceeding, subpoena, court order, or other legal process, including informal
                    law enforcement or governmental requests for information.
Protecting Rights and Interests.
We may disclose your information where we believe
                    it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected
                    fraud,
                    situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our
Terms and Conditions
or this Privacy Policy,
                    or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information.
Where permitted by law, we may disclose
                    aggregate, anonymous, or de-identified information about users for marketing, advertising, research,
                    or other purposes.
4. Cookies and other tracking mechanisms
We and our service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track your use
                of our Site or Services.
Cookies.
We or our service providers may use cookies to track visitor activity on
                    our Site. A cookie is a text file that a website transfers to your computer's hard drive for
                    record-keeping purposes. We or our service providers may use cookies to track user activities
                    on our Site, such as the pages visited and time spent on our Site. Most browsers allow users
                    to refuse cookies. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to
                    prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when
                    you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Users who disable cookies
                    may not be able to browse certain areas of the Site.
Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies.
Clear GIFs are tiny graphics
                    with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, which are embedded invisibly on web
                    pages. We or our service providers may use clear GIFs (also known as web beacons, web bugs or
                    pixel tags), in connection with our Site to track the activities of visitors to our Site, help
                    us manage content, and compile statistics about usage of our Site. We or our service providers
                    may also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our users, to help us track email response rates, identify
                    when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
Local Storage Objects.
We may use Flash Local Storage Objects ("Flash LSOs")
                    to store your Site preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser
                    cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete, or
                    disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs,
                    or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page,
                    choose "Global Storage Settings Panel" and follow the instructions. To see the Flash LSOs currently
                    on your computer, choose "Website Storage Settings Panel" and follow the instructions to review and,
                    if you choose, to delete any specific Flash LSO.
Visit our
Cookie disclosure
page.
5. California Do Not Track disclosure
While there is still no universally accepted standard regarding tracking, our Site does
                respond
                to certain
Do Not Track
signals (e.g., the Mozilla Firefox Do Not Track feature). You may also
                disable certain tracking as discussed above (e.g., by disabling cookies) though doing so may mean
                that certain Site functionality will be lost (e.g., staying logged into the Site).
                For more information about tracking, please click
here
.
6. Third-party analytics
We use service providers, such as
Google Analytics demographics
                    and interests reports as well as advertising reporting features
, to evaluate the use of our
                Site and our Services. We or our
                service providers use automated devices and applications to evaluate use of our Site and Services.
                We or our service providers use these tools to help us improve our Site, Services, performance, and
                user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons
                or Flash LSO, to perform their services. To opt out of Google Analytics, go
here
.
7. Interest-based advertising
We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Site and
                on third-party
                websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these third parties to
                target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad
                network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies,
                JavaScript,
                web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the
                effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies
                and other technologies are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, not this one.
Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you
                may go to the
                Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA")
Consumer Choice Page
for information about opting out of
                interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by
DAA companies
.
                You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI")
Consumer Opt-Out Page
for information
                about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by
NAI members
.
Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA
Consumer Choice Page
or the NAI
Consumer Opt-Out Page
will opt you out from those companies' delivery of interest-based
                content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through
                our Site or on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on
                the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers
                are configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt out may not
                be effective. Additional information is available on the DAA's website at
youradchoices.com
or the
                NAI's website at
thenai.org
.
8. User-generated content
Note that if you post information in a publicly accessible portion of our Site or Service,
                it may be
                viewed by other users and potentially be further disclosed by those users. Please exercise caution
                when deciding to disclose such information.
9. Security
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, loss,
                unauthorised access,
                modification or disclosure. For example, we take steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal
                information if we no longer need it for any purpose. Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data
                security measures can guarantee 100% security.
If you have an account with us, you should take steps to protect against unauthorized
                access to your
                account by, among other things, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess
                and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or
                compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
10. Your choices
We take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information that ClassMarker collects,
                uses or
                discloses is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You may modify your personal information by
                updating your account on our Site or through our
Contact Us
page on the Site. On request, we
                will give you access to the personal information we hold about you. If any personal information
                we hold about you is out of date or inaccurate, we encourage you to let us know by contacting us
                using one of the methods listed above and ask us to correct it.
If you are a registered user, we may send, (with your prior consent if you are outside the EU),
                periodic informational emails to you. You may
                opt out of such communications at any time by following the opt-out instructions contained in the
                email. Please note that it may take up to five (5) business days for us to process opt-out requests.
                If you opt out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest
                you, we may still send you emails about your account or any Services you have requested or received
                from us provided that you have not opted-out of receiving such emails.
11. Consent to transfer personal information
Please note that your personal information may be transferred outside the country in which
                you are
                located, including to United States of America. By using our Services, you consent to the transfer
                and processing of your information in a jurisdiction that may not have the same level of data
                protection as your home country. You are entirely free not to consent by not using our Service.
                However, if you do not consent, then we may not be able to provide you with our Services.
12. Children
Our Site is not targeted to children under thirteen (13) years of age (sixteen (16) for EU
                residents
                unless provided otherwise by applicable law) nor do we knowingly collect
                personal information from children under thirteen (13) (sixteen (16) for EU residents unless provided
                otherwise by applicable law). If we discover that a child under thirteen (13) (sixteen (16) for EU
                residents unless provided otherwise by applicable law)
                data is in the system without adult consent, we will promptly delete such personal information from our
                systems. We encourage children under thirteen (13) (sixteen (16) for EU residents unless provided
                otherwise by applicable law) to obtain their parent's or guardian's permission
                before sharing personal information with any website.
13. External links
This Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the information
                handling
                practices or content of these external websites. Please ensure that you read the Terms and Conditions
                and privacy policies of these third parties before using such websites.
14. EU Residents
The Services are offered and provided on the Site to organisations ("Customers") that wish
                to test their
                employees, students or agents, or provide them with pre-registered ID code,
                in order to use our Services ("Users"). We process the personal data of Users on behalf of our
                Customers,
                pursuant to instructions issued by our Customers, and the terms of our agreements with them.
                Users resident in the EU are not considered to have agreed to this Policy because the basis for
                processing
                their information is the performance of the Terms and Conditions we conclude with you or our contract
                with our Customers.
                The processing of data of Users located in the EU will be conducted consistent with the terms of this
                Policy and the data protection notice of the relevant Customer.
                We encourage you to contact the organisation that registered you for the Services for more
                information.
15. Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy aspects of our Site or Services,
                or want to
                complain about an interference with your privacy by ClassMarker, please
Contact Us
through our Site. We will do our best to resolve your complaint as quickly as possible.
                If you are a user in the EU, please contact the organisation that registered you for the Services.
If you are an Australian resident and are not satisfied with our response to your
                complaint,
                you can refer the matter to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) at
www.oaic.gov.au
.
16. Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change
                this
                Privacy Policy from time to time, and new versions will be posted on this Site, so please check
                back periodically for updates.
Stay logged in
Forgot password?
/
Register free
Your privacy
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to show you relevant advertising.
Accept all
Reject all
Manage Individual preferences
Sub-policy 4
https://www.readytech.com/policies/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Privacy
Policy
Introduction
ReadyTech respects the privacy of the visitors to our websites and users of our services. This policy explains how we collect and use your personal data.

This privacy policy applies to all websites for which ReadyTech Corporation is the data controller or data processor, including for https://*.readytech.com, https://*.instructorled.training, https://*.selfpaced.training, and https://*.find.training.

ReadyTech is a California “C” corporation, registration number C1888440. Our offices are located at 720 Second Street, Suite 111 Oakland, CA 94607 United States. If you have questions about this policy or our data privacy practices, please email us at data-privacy@readytech.com or send postal mail using the address above.
Privacy Shield
ReadyTech recognizes that, in light of the judgment of the Court of Justice of the EU in Case C-311/18, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield are no longer valid transfer mechanisms for personal data from the Europe Union to the United States. At the same time, the U.S. Department of Commerce, which oversees compliance with Privacy Shield, has stated that it will nonetheless continue to administer the Privacy Shield program and that participants are not relieved of their obligations under Privacy Shield. Accordingly, ReadyTech, as a certified member of the Privacy Shield principles, continues to comply with its commitments. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
.

In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, ReadyTech commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact ReadyTech at
data-privacy@readytech.com
. ReadyTech has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit JAMS at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Furthermore, you have the right to invoke binding arbitration if your complaint goes unresolved, as described in the Privacy Shield framework.

Under Privacy Shield, ReadyTech is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

As explained in this privacy policy we sometimes provide personal information to third parties to perform services on our behalf. If we transfer personal information received under the Privacy Shield to a third party, the third party’s access, use, and disclosure of the personal data must also be in compliance with our Privacy Shield obligations, and we will remain liable under the Privacy Shield for any failure to do so by the third party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Minors
Our websites and services are not designed for or marketed to minors. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from minors, and we do not knowingly allow minors to use our websites or services. If you are a minor, please do not use our websites or services or send us any information about yourself.
How and why we collect your personal data
We collect and use your personal data only to the extend necessary to operate our websites and services, provide our services to you, or for the legitimate purposes identified in this privacy policy. These are the categories of data we collect:
Account data
Some of our websites and applications require you to register in order to use some or all of the functionality. If you choose to register for an account you will provide us with some personal data, including your name, email address, username, and password. We collect this data because it is necessary to provide you access to our services and maintain the security of our services. We may use your data to communicate with you regarding your account. We retain account data as long as your account is active. You can cancel your account at any time and, if you do, we remove or anonymize your account data.
*Legal basis for collection of account data: performance of a contract between you, or your employer, and us
Participation data
One of our core services is allowing users to participate in training events. When you participate in one of these events we collect certain information about you. When your first join an event you must activate your seat by providing your name. We store your name so the instructor and technical support knows who is using which seat. Additionally, when you activate your seat you consent to allowing us to collect data about your usage, progress, collaboration, and participation in training event. This data may include whether you attend a particular session, how long you spend reading the materials, when and how often you access the hands-on lab environment, whether you complete lab exercises, when and how much you contribute to chat and other course activities, and your responses to interactive course content such as quizzes and course surveys. We collect this data for the purpose of providing the course instructor, training management, and us with oversight and understanding of how you participate in the training.
*Legal basis for collection of participation data: your consent and our legitimate interest in monitoring and improving our services
Profile data
Some of our websites and applications allow you create a personal profile. If you chose to create a profile the data we collect may include your name, telephone number, picture, address, email address, job title or role, employer, preferred language, and time zone. We collect and use profile data to allow you to collaborate with other users of our services. When you provide profile data you consent to us providing that data to other users and should understand that we cannot control what those users do with your data. You can change or remove your profile data at any time. If you create a profile during a training event the data is automatically deleted at the end of the event.
*Legal basis for collection of profile data: your consent
Publication data
Some of our websites allow you to post chat and/or forum messages. If you do so, the publication data may include your name, alias, time of publication, your message, and a sentiment score. We use publication data only as necessary to enable the publication and allow the intended exchange of information between users of our services. When you provide data for publication you consent to us making that data visible to other users and should understand that we cannot control what those users do with your data. Publication data may be retained forever unless you request it be deleted.
*Legal basis for collection of publication data: your consent
Remote lab data
Our services may include providing you with temporary access to a hosted lab environment. This is not a personal system and
all activity on the remote lab may be monitored
by the course instructor, training management and our technical support. The data we collect may include how much time you spend use the lab, which applications you use, your key stokes, your mouse clicks, screen shots of your activity, etc. We provide this monitoring so that you can get help with problems, so the instructor and management can monitor course progress and so we can ensure compliance with our
Terms of Service
. Do not use the remote lab environment to conduct any personal activities, such as using social media, financial transactions or personal web searches.
*Legal basis for collection of lab data: our legitimate interest in properly monitoring and administering our services and your consent
Recording Data
Some of our applications have a recording feature that allows the capture and share of all or part of your audio and all presentation content. We collect this data as a request of our customers to allow them watching the content of recordings hosted on their account. ReadyTech is not responsible for how instructors or participants use recordings or the recording features. The recording will be stored, according to the principles stated in this policy, as long as the account owner requests it to deleted. When you provide data in a recording event you consent to us making that data visible to other users and should understand that we cannot control what those users do with your data.
*Legal basis for collection of recording data: customer legitimate interest in properly monitoring and administering its contain and your consent
Support data
If you contact us for technical support, you have to provide some personal data which may include your name, your employer, email address, phone number, time zone, and reason for requiring support. We use the support data to help solve your problem and to better understand the types of problems our users have. We use a 3rd-party help desk software provider, Freshworks, to store and track your support request and associated data. We may share your support data with Freshworks only to the extent necessary for handling your support request. You can find the privacy policy for Freshworks
here
. We have configured Freshworks to keep support data for 3 years, after which it is automatically deleted.
*Legal basis for collection of support data: your consent and performance of a contract between you, or your employer, and us
Log data
When you access our websites and applications our servers automatically log data such as your IP address, operating system type and version, browser type and version, etc. We use this data to help us ensure the security of our services and to provide technical support. In addition to the log data our servers collect, we also use CloudFlare as our content distribution network (CDN) to provide locally cached content and a better user experience on our websites. While using our websites your personal data may pass through and be cached on CloudFlare servers. You can find information about CloudFlare security and privacy policies
here
. We have executed a data processing agreement with CloudFlare.
*Legal basis for collection of log data: our legitimate interest in properly administering and securing our websites and services
Aggregated usage data
We use Google Analytics and HubSpot to collect and aggregate data about your use of our website and services. This data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, feature usage, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. We use this data to analyze the use of our websites and to help us make good decision about changes we make. For example, when deciding which languages to translate our website to, we review the aggregated usage data to determine what percentage of our users come from which countries. So our legal basis for collecting this data is our legitimate interest in monitoring and improving our website and services. We have executed the data processing addendum (DPA) with Google and set the retention of your usage data to 26 months.
*Legal basis for collection of aggregated usage data: our legitimate interest in monitoring and improving our services
Marketing data
We may use your personal data for marketing purposes. This marketing data may include your name, phone number, email address, employer, service or product interest information. We collect this data when you submit an inquiry from our websites or express interest in our products or services via email or phone. Additionally, we may collect your marketing data from 3rd parties with whom you have agreed to share your data. We use the marketing data for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling our products and services to you. We use a 3rd-party sales automation provider, Apptivo, and a 3rd-party marketing automation provider, HubSpot, to manage your marketing data. You can request to have your marketing data removed at any time by contacting use at data-privacy@readytech.com or by updating your subscription preferences in one of our e-mails. You can find the privacy policy for Apptivo
here
and for HubSpot
here
.
*Legal basis for collection of marketing data: your consent
Transaction data
If you purchase products or services from us, we collect your personal information related to this transaction. This may include your contact details, products or services purchased, price paid, time of purchase, and payment type. We use this data so can provide the purchased product or service and to keep proper records of those transactions. Financial transactions are processed using our PCI-compliant 3rd-party financial services providers, Recurly, PayPal, and Authorize.net. Those providers may store financial data related to your transaction, including credit card details, billing address, etc. We do not collect or process your personal financial data. You can find the privacy policies for our financial services providers at
Recurly
, PayPal and
Authorize.Net
.
*Legal basis for collection of transaction data: performance of a contract between you, or your employer, and us
Job application data
If you apply for a job with us, we may use the information you provide to evaluate your qualifications for employment. This information may include your name, email, phone, address, employment history, educational background, and any other information you include in your application or resume. We may share the information you provide with anyone who can assist us in evaluating your qualifications. This may include former employers and co-worker, educational institutions, etc. We use a 3rd-party hiring management application, Recruitee, to process your application data. You can find the privacy policy for Recruitee
here
. We have configured Recruitee to automatically delete your application data 4 months after you apply.
*Legal basis for collection of job application data: your consent
Cookies
All of our websites and applications use cookies. Our describes the cookies we and our service providers use.
Disclosure and store of Personal data
Except as identified in the policy, we do not sell, rent or otherwise disclose your private data to 3rd parties. According to the purposes as set out in this policy,ReadyTech stores personal data in secure networks with restricted access, following high security standards as end-to-end encryption and organizational safeguards to limit the exposure to data breaches. At the same time, a data protection impact assessment is periodically performed to monitor the risks and define security and privacy controls to protect data.
Transfer of Personal Data
ReadyTech is a global organization with management, technical infrastructure, and business processes that cross borders. As such, we may share your data with our owned entities outside of the United States.The above also means that legislation protecting personal data varies among locations. Regardless of where your information is transferred to and resides, our privacy and security practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information globally. In other words, each time we take suitable measures in this respect, so that in a situation in which such transfer of data takes place, this transfer of data always occur in a manner where we ensure all personal data is provided with adequate protection and that all transfers are done lawfully and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and on the basis of international data protection and privacy programs.

We also use 3rd party hosting facilities operated by Microsoft, Google, Amazon, and ICONZ-Webvision to host some of our websites and applications. This means some or all of your data may be transferred to and stored with one of these hosting providers. We also use these hosting providers to provide lab environments as part of a training course. Here are links to the privacy policies of our hosting providers:
Microsoft
,
Google
,
AWS
, ICONZ-Webvision

We reserve the right to share your personal data based on a good faith believe that doing so is necessary to investigate or prevent illegal activities or at the request of law enforcement. We may also use your data as needed to comply with a legal obligation or in defense of legal claims.
Your rights
Depending on where you live, you may have legal rights with regards to your private data. We have summarized below the right of those covered by the EU GDPR. Many of these rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Therefore, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Right to access
You have the right to know whether we have and use your personal data and, if we do, get access to the data.
Right to completeness and accuracy
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you corrected and, in some cases, have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
Right to be forgotten
In some circumstances you have the right to ask us to remove your personal data.
Right to restrict use
In some circumstances you have the right to ask us to stop using your personal data but also ask us not to remove it.
Right to object to marketing
You have the right to object to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes.
Right of portability
In some circumstances you have a right to request an electronic copy of the private data we have.
Right to file a complaint
You have a right to file a complaint with the appropriate regulatory authority responsible for data protection.
Right to withdraw consent
If you consented to allow us to collect private data from you, you have the right to withdraw that consent.
Contacting Us
You can exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data via written notice to us at data-privacy@readytech.com. If you request a copy of your personal data and provide sufficient proof of identity, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
Changes to this policy
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy. When the changes are significant we will attempt to notify you by email or through the private notification features of our websites and services.
Last Changed: July 26, 2021
Introduction
ReadyTech respects the privacy of the visitors to our websites and users of our services. This policy explains how we collect and use your personal data.
This privacy policy applies to all websites for which ReadyTech Corporation is the data controller or data processor, including https://*.readytech.com, https://*.instructorled.training, https://*.selfpaced.training, and https://*.find.training.
ReadyTech is a California “C” corporation, registration number C1888440. Our offices are located at 720 Second Street, Suite 111, Oakland, CA 94607, United States. If you have questions about this policy or our data privacy practices, please email us at data-privacy@readytech.com or send postal mail using the address above.
Privacy Shield
ReadyTech complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. ReadyTech has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. ReadyTech has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
To the extent ReadyTech transfers Personal Data to third parties, we remain liable under the DPF Principals if the third-party processes the data in a way that is inconsistent with the DPF Principals unless it can be proven we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the breach.
With respect to Personal Data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, ReadyTech is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
ReadyTech recognizes that, in light of the judgment of the Court of Justice of the EU in Case C-311/18, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield are no longer valid transfer mechanisms for personal data from the Europe Union to the United States. At the same time, the U.S. Department of Commerce, which oversees compliance with Privacy Shield, has stated that it will nonetheless continue to administer the Privacy Shield program and that participants are not relieved of their obligations under Privacy Shield. Accordingly, ReadyTech, as a certified member of the Privacy Shield principles, continues to comply with its commitments. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, ReadyTech commits to resolving complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact ReadyTech at data-privacy@readytech.com. ReadyTech has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit JAMS at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Furthermore, you have the right to invoke binding arbitration if your complaint goes unresolved, as described in the Privacy Shield framework.
Under Privacy Shield, ReadyTech is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
As explained in this privacy policy we sometimes provide personal information to third parties to perform services on our behalf. If we transfer personal information received under the Privacy Shield to a third party, the third party’s access, use, and disclosure of the personal data must also be in compliance with our Privacy Shield obligations, and we will remain liable under the Privacy Shield for any failure to do so by the third party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Minors
Our websites and services are not designed for or marketed to minors. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from minors, and we do not knowingly allow minors to use our websites or services. If you are a minor, please do not use our websites or services or send us any information about yourself.
How and why we collect your personal data
We collect and use your personal data only to the extent necessary to operate our websites and services, provide our services to you, or for the legitimate purposes identified in this privacy policy. These are the categories of data we collect:
Account data
Some of our websites and applications require you to register in order to use some or all of the functionality. If you choose to register for an account you will provide us with some personal data, including your name, email address, username, and password. We collect this data because it is necessary to provide you access to our services and maintain the security of our services. We may use your data to communicate with you regarding your account. We retain account data as long as your account is active. You can cancel your account at any time and, if you do, we remove or anonymize your account data.
*Legal basis for collection of account data: performance of a contract between you, or your employer, and us
Participation data
One of our core services is allowing users to participate in training events. When you participate in one of these events we collect certain information about you. When your first join an event you must activate your seat by providing your name. We store your name so the instructor and technical support know who is using which seat. Additionally, when you activate your seat you consent to allow us to collect data about your usage, progress, collaboration, and participation in the training event. This data may include whether you attend a particular session, how long you spend reading the materials, when and how often you access the hands-on lab environment, whether you complete lab exercises, when and how much you contribute to chat and other course activities, and your responses to interactive course content such as quizzes and course surveys. We collect this data for the purpose of providing the course instructor, training management, and us with oversight and understanding of how you participate in the training.
*Legal basis for collection of participation data: your consent and our legitimate interest in monitoring and improving our services
Profile data
Some of our websites and applications allow you to create a personal profile. If you chose to create a profile the data we collect may include your name, telephone number, picture, address, email address, job title or role, employer, preferred language, and time zone. We collect and use profile data to allow you to collaborate with other users of our services. When you provide profile data you consent to us providing that data to other users and should understand that we cannot control what those users do with your data. You can change or remove your profile data at any time. If you create a profile during a training event the data is automatically deleted at the end of the event.
*Legal basis for collection of profile data: your consent
Publication data
Some of our websites allow you to post chat and/or forum messages. If you do so, the publication data may include your name, alias, time of publication, message, and sentiment score. We use publication data only as necessary to enable the publication and allow the intended exchange of information between users of our services. When you provide data for publication you consent to us making that data visible to other users and should understand that we cannot control what those users do with your data. Publication data may be retained forever unless you request it to be deleted.
*Legal basis for collection of publication data: your consent
Remote lab data
Our services may include providing you with temporary access to a hosted lab environment. This is not a personal system and
all activity in the remote lab may be monitored
by the course instructor, training management, and our technical support. The data we collect may include how much time you spend using the lab, which applications you use, your key stokes, your mouse clicks, screenshots of your activity, etc. We provide this monitoring so that you can get help with problems, so the instructor and management can monitor course progress and so we can ensure compliance with our
Terms of Service
. Do not use the remote lab environment to conduct any personal activities, such as using social media, financial transactions or personal web searches.
*Legal basis for collection of lab data: our legitimate interest in properly monitoring and administering our services and your consent
Recording data
Some of our applications have a recording feature that allows the capture and sharing of all or part of your audio and all presentation content. We collect this data as a request of our customers to allow them to watch the content of recordings hosted on their account. ReadyTech is not responsible for how instructors or participants use recordings or the recording features. The recording will be stored, according to the principles stated in this policy, as long as the account owner requests it to be deleted. When you provide data in a recording event you consent to us making that data visible to other users and should understand that we cannot control what those users do with your data.
*Legal basis for collection of recording data: customer’s legitimate interest in properly monitoring and administering it’s contain and your consent
Support Data
If you contact us for technical support, you have to provide some personal data which may include your name, your employer, email address, phone number, time zone, and reason for requiring support. We use the support data to help solve your problem and to better understand the types of problems our users have. We use a 3rd-party help desk software provider, Freshworks, to store and track your support request and associated data. We may share your support data with Freshworks only to the extent necessary for handling your support request. You can find the privacy policy for Freshworks
here
. We have configured Freshworks to keep support data for 3 years, after which it is automatically deleted.
*Legal basis for collection of support data: your consent and performance of a contract between you, your employer, and us
Log data
When you access our websites and applications our servers automatically log data such as your IP address, operating system type and version, browser type, and version, etc. We use this data to help us ensure the security of our services and to provide technical support. In addition to the log data our servers collect, we also use Cloudflare as our content distribution network (CDN) to provide locally cached content and a better user experience on our websites. While using our websites your personal data may pass through and be cached on Cloudflare servers. You can find information about Cloudflare security and privacy policies
here
. We have executed a data processing agreement with Cloudflare.
*Legal basis for collection of log data: our legitimate interest in properly administering and securing our websites and services
Aggregated usage data
We use Google Analytics and HubSpot to collect and aggregate data about your use of our website and services. This data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, feature usage, as well as information about the timing, frequency, and pattern of your service use. We use this data to analyze the use of our websites and to help us make good decisions about changes we make. For example, when deciding which languages to translate our website to, we review the aggregated usage data to determine what percentage of our users come from which countries. So our legal basis for collecting this data is our legitimate interest in monitoring and improving our website and services. We have executed the data processing addendum (DPA) with Google and set the retention of your usage data to 26 months.
*Legal basis for collection of aggregated usage data: our legitimate interest in monitoring and improving our services
Marketing data
We may use your personal data for marketing purposes. This marketing data may include your name, phone number, email address, employer, service, or product interest information. We collect this data when you submit an inquiry from our websites or express interest in our products or services via email or phone. Additionally, we may collect your marketing data from 3rd parties with whom you have agreed to share your data. We use the marketing data for the purposes of offering, marketing, and selling our products and services to you. We use a 3rd-party sales automation provider, Apptivo, and a 3rd-party marketing automation provider, HubSpot, to manage your marketing data. You can request to have your marketing data removed at any time by contacting us at data-privacy@readytech.com or by updating your subscription preferences in one of our e-mails. You can find the privacy policy for Apptivo
here
and for HubSpot
here
.
*Legal basis for collection of marketing data: your consent
Transaction data
If you purchase products or services from us, we collect your personal information related to this transaction. This may include your contact details, products or services purchased, the price paid, time of purchase, and payment type. We use this data so can provide the purchased product or service and keep proper records of those transactions. Financial transactions are processed using our PCI-compliant 3rd-party financial services providers, Recurly, PayPal, and Authorize.net. Those providers may store financial data related to your transaction, including credit card details, billing address, etc. We do not collect or process your personal financial data. You can find the privacy policies for our financial services providers at
Recurly
,
PayPal
, and
Authorize.Net
.
*Legal basis for collection of transaction data: performance of a contract between you, or your employer, and us
Job application data
If you apply for a job with us, we may use the information you provide to evaluate your qualifications for employment. This information may include your name, email, phone, address, employment history, educational background, and any other information you include in your application or resume. We may share the information you provide with anyone who can assist us in evaluating your qualifications. This may include former employers and co-workers, educational institutions, etc. We use a 3rd-party hiring management application, Recruitee, to process your application data. You can find the privacy policy for Recruitee
here
. We have configured Recruitee to automatically delete your application data 4 months after you apply.
*Legal basis for collection of job application data: your consent
Cookies
All of our websites and applications use cookies. Our describes the cookies we and our service providers use.
Disclosure and storage of personal data
Except as identified in the policy, we do not sell, rent or otherwise disclose your private data to 3rd parties. According to the purposes as set out in this policy, ReadyTech stores personal data in secure networks with restricted access, following high-security standards such as end-to-end encryption and organizational safeguards to limit exposure to data breaches. At the same time, a data protection impact assessment is periodically performed to monitor the risks and define security and privacy controls to protect data.
Transfer of personal data
ReadyTech is a global organization with management, technical infrastructure, and business processes that cross borders. As such, we may share your data with our owned entities outside of the United States. The above also means that legislation protecting personal data varies among locations. Regardless of where your information is transferred to and resides, our privacy and security practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information globally. In other words, each time we take suitable measures in this respect so that in a situation in which such transfer of data takes place, this transfer of data always occurs in a manner where we ensure all personal data is provided with adequate protection and that all transfers are done lawfully and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and on the basis of international data protection and privacy programs.
We also use 3rd party hosting facilities operated by Microsoft, Google, Amazon, and ICONZ-Webvision to host some of our websites and applications. This means some or all of your data may be transferred to and stored with one of these hosting providers. We also use these hosting providers to provide lab environments as part of a training course. Here are links to the privacy policies of our hosting providers:
Microsoft
,
Google
,
AWS
, ICONZ-Webvision, and
Digital Realty
.
We reserve the right to share your personal data based on a good faith believe that doing so is necessary to investigate or prevent illegal activities or at the request of law enforcement. We may also use your data as needed to comply with a legal obligation or in defense of legal claims.
Your rights
Depending on where you live, you may have legal rights with regard to your private data. We have summarized below the right of those covered by the EU GDPR. Many of these rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Therefore, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Right to access
You have the right to know whether we have and use your personal data and, if we do, get access to the data.
Right to completeness and accuracy
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you corrected and, in some cases, have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
Right to be forgotten
In some circumstances, you have the right to ask us to remove your personal data.
Right to restrict use
In some circumstances, you have the right to ask us to stop using your personal data but also ask us not to remove it.
Right to object to marketing
You have the right to object to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes.
Right of portability
In some circumstances, you have a right to request an electronic copy of the private data we have.
Right to file a complaint
You have a right to file a complaint with the appropriate regulatory authority responsible for data protection.
Right to withdraw consent
If you consented to allow us to collect private data from you, you have the right to withdraw that consent.
Right to binding arbitration
Under certain conditions described in Annex 1 of the DPF, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Contacting us
You can exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data via written notice to us at
data-privacy@readytech.com
. If you request a copy of your personal data and provide sufficient proof of identity, we will supply you with a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
Changes to this policy
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy. When the changes are significant we will attempt to notify you by email or through the private notification features of our websites and services.
Last Changed: August 17, 2023
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.
Read More
.
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_GRECAPTCHA
5 months 27 days
This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement
1 year
Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category .
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
CookieLawInfoConsent
1 year
Records the default button state of the corresponding category & the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie.
JSESSIONID
session
The JSESSIONID cookie is used by New Relic to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application.
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Cookie
Duration
Description
__cf_bm
30 minutes
This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management.
bcookie
2 years
LinkedIn sets this cookie from LinkedIn share buttons and ad tags to recognize browser ID.
bscookie
2 years
LinkedIn sets this cookie to store performed actions on the website.
lang
session
LinkedIn sets this cookie to remember a user's language setting.
lidc
1 day
LinkedIn sets the lidc cookie to facilitate data center selection.
messagesUtk
5 months 27 days
HubSpot sets this cookie to recognize visitors who chat via the chatflows tool.
UserMatchHistory
1 month
LinkedIn sets this cookie for LinkedIn Ads ID syncing.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_ga
2 years
The _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors.
_gat_gtag_UA_3337826_1
1 minute
Set by Google to distinguish users.
_gid
1 day
Installed by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
CONSENT
2 years
YouTube sets this cookie via embedded youtube-videos and registers anonymous statistical data.
vuid
2 years
Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos to the website.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Cookie
Duration
Description
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
5 months 27 days
A cookie set by YouTube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface.
YSC
session
YSC cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages.
yt-remote-connected-devices
never
YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video.
yt-remote-device-id
never
YouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Cookie
Duration
Description
AnalyticsSyncHistory
1 month
No description
li_gc
2 years
No description
nitroCachedPage
session
No description
Scroll to Top
Sub-policy 5
http://www.salecycle.com/privacy-policy/:
Talk to us
Menu
EN
en
fr
it
Our solutions
Reach
Retain
Re-engage
Our Clients
Case Studies
About Us
Partnerships
Blog
en
fr
it
One technology three modules
Talk to us
404 ERROR
You seem to have found a dead end. We’re very sorry for the inconvenience. Worry not, your conversion journey doesn’t end here!
REturn to home page
Sub-policy 6
https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/):
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Terms of Service
Last Updated:
November 12, 2024
These Terms of Service are effective on November 12, 2024, if you created your account or accepted or otherwise agreed to them on or after November 12, 2024.
These Terms of Service are effective on December 19, 2024, if you created your account or accepted or otherwise agreed to a previous version of these Terms of Service prior to November 12, 2024.
Please read our
online notice
, which explains the changes to these Terms of Service and our other legal terms and conditions in more detail.
The most recent prior version of these Terms of Service is available
here
.
Table of Contents
1. Definitions
2. Services
3. Fees and Payment Terms
4. Ownership, Customer Data, and Confidentiality
5. Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer
6. Mutual Indemnification
7. Limitation of Liability
8. Term, Termination, and Survival
9. General
10. Additional Terms
It is important that you review and understand these terms before using our services. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not agree to them, create an account, or use our services. Only the terms to the right are legally binding.
Our services are generally intended for business or professional use only.
If you have a separate agreement with us for the use of our services, these terms will not apply to you. However, these terms will apply if any services you use are not covered under that separate agreement.
These terms are effective on the date you accept them. This includes any additional terms that are referenced in these terms and available at hyperlinks and any order forms that you may execute with Twilio. The Twilio entity that is entering into these terms depends on where your business entity is registered. Please see the table below for more information.
PLEASE REVIEW THESE TWILIO TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. ONCE ACCEPTED, THESE TWILIO TERMS OF SERVICE BECOME A BINDING LEGAL COMMITMENT BETWEEN YOU AND TWILIO. ONLY THE TERMS IN THIS RIGHT COLUMN ARE LEGALLY BINDING. THE EXPLANATIONS IN THE COLUMN TO THE LEFT ARE FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND NON-BINDING. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TWILIO TERMS OF SERVICE, YOU SHOULD NOT ACCEPT THEM, CREATE AN ACCOUNT, OR USE THE SERVICES (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1 (DEFINITIONS) BELOW).
THE SERVICES ARE INTENDED FOR BUSINESS USE OR USE IN CONNECTION WITH AN INDIVIDUAL’S TRADE, CRAFT, OR PROFESSION ONLY.
If you have a separate written agreement with Twilio for your use of the Services, these Twilio Terms of Service will not apply to you, unless that written agreement does not cover a particular Service, in which case, these Twilio Terms of Service apply solely to your use of that particular Service.
These Twilio Terms of Service (“
Agreement
”) set forth the terms for your use of the Services and are effective as of the date you accept or otherwise agree to the terms of this Agreement (“
Effective Date
”). This Agreement consists of these Twilio Terms of Service, terms referenced in these Twilio Terms of Service which are available at hyperlinks, and any applicable Order Form(s) (as defined below). This Agreement is between the applicable Twilio entity identified below (“
Twilio
”) and you or the organization on whose behalf you are accepting or otherwise agreeing to the terms of this Agreement (“
you
"
,
"
your
"
,
"
yours
"
, or
"
Customer
”).
If you are domiciled in:
Any country outside of the European Economic Area and its regions and territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco, other than Japan
Twilio entity entering into this Agreement:
Twilio Inc., a Delaware corporation, with a place of business at 101 Spear Street, 5th Floor, San Francisco, California, 94105, United States of America
Any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco
Twilio Ireland Limited, a company registered in the Republic of Ireland, whose registered address is 70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, D02 R296, Ireland
Japan
Twilio Japan G.K., a Japanese company with a place of business at Link Square Shinjuku 16F, 5-27-5 Sendagaya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 151-0051, Japan
These terms might change. We will let you know at least 30 days before we make any significant changes that impact you or your use of our services, unless we are unable to because of changes in laws, regulations, or carrier requirements. The updated version of these terms will be posted on this page.
If you keep using our services after these terms have changed and gone into effect, that means you have accepted those changes and they are legally binding on you. If you do not agree with the changed terms, you must stop using our services immediately.
Twilio may update the terms of this Agreement from time to time. Twilio will provide you with written notice of any
material
updates at least thirty (30) days prior to the date the updated version of this Agreement is effective, unless such material updates result from changes in laws, regulations, or requirements from telecommunications providers. The current, up to date version of this Agreement will be available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/tos
. Notices for material updates to the terms of this Agreement will be given in accordance with Section 9.5 (Notices). Following such notice, your continued use of the Services on or after the date the updated version of this Agreement is effective and binding, as indicated at the top of this Agreement, constitutes your acceptance of the updated version of this Agreement. The updated version of this Agreement supersedes all prior versions.  If you do not agree to the updated version of this Agreement, you must stop using the Services immediately.
If you reassign your account to a third-party reseller, you are still responsible for your obligations under these terms.
If you are the party that agreed to the terms of this Agreement and you reassign your account to a third-party reseller for administration purposes, such account reassignment will not excuse your obligations under this Agreement. Your use of the Services will continue to be subject to this Agreement.
Remember to let your imagination run wild with Twilio!
Finally, you understand and acknowledge that by using the Services, you agree to have fun and let your imagination run wild. Twilio cannot wait to see what you build!
1. Definitions
These are definitions for certain words that we will use repeatedly throughout these terms. When you see these capitalized words used as you read through these terms, they have the meanings provided in this Section 1.
There may be additional words that we define in the body of these terms. Make sure to look out for those - they will have quotes around them and each word will begin with a capital letter.
“
Affiliate
” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the party specified. For purposes of this definition, “control” means direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting interests of the subject entity.
“
Beta Offerings
” means Services that are identified as alpha, beta, not generally available, limited release, developer preview, or any similar Services offered by Twilio.
“
Customer Data
” means any data (a) provided by you or your End Users (as defined below) to Twilio in connection with your use of the Services or (b) generated for your use as part of the Services. Customer Data excludes any Twilio Data (as defined below).
“
Customer Services
” means any software application or other products and services provided by you and used in connection with your use of the Services under this Agreement. If applicable, Customer Services includes sources from which you choose to retrieve Customer Data and destinations to which you choose to transmit Customer Data using the Services.
“
Documentation
” means Twilio’s documentation, including any usage guides and policies, for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/docs
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
“
End User
” means any user of the Services, including via any Customer Services.
“
Malicious Code
” means code, files, scripts, agents, or programs intended to do harm, including, for example, viruses, worms, time bombs and Trojan horses.
“
Order Form
” means an ordering document between you and Twilio, or any of their Affiliates, that specifies mutually agreed upon rates for certain Services and any commercial terms related thereto.
“
Services
” means the products and services provided by Twilio or its Affiliates, as applicable, including all updates, modifications, or improvements thereto, that you purchase pursuant to an Order Form or otherwise use. Services excludes any Customer Services and Third Party Services (as defined below).
"
Support Terms
" means the support-related terms for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/support-plans
.
"Third Party Services
" means any products, services, or software components that are purchased by you from Twilio, but provided, or otherwise made available, by a third party (i.e., a party other than Twilio). Third Party Services are governed by a separate agreement between you and the third-party provider.
"
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
" means certain terms relating to the use of the Services, including the
Service and Country Specific Requirements
set forth therein, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/aup
.
“
Twilio Data
” means any data that is (a) derived or generated from the use or provision of the Services that does not identify you, your End Users, or any natural person or is anonymized, de-identified, and/or aggregated such that it can no longer identify you, your End Users, or any natural person or (b) any Customer Data that is anonymized, de-identified, and/or aggregated by Twilio in accordance with this Agreement.
“
Twilio Data Protection Addendum
” means the personal data processing-related terms for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/data-protection-addendum
“
Twilio Security Overview
” means the security related terms for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/security-overview
.
“
Twilio SLA
” means the service level agreements for the Services, the current versions of which are available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/service-level-agreement
.
Any capitalized term not defined in this Section 1 will have the meaning provided in this Agreement.
2. Services
We will make our services available to you according to
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
and
our service level agreement
s
. We will also protect your data and our services according to
our security overview
.
2.1 Provision of the Services.  Twilio will: (a) provide the Services to you pursuant to this Agreement, the applicable Documentation, and any applicable Order Form(s); (b) comply with the applicable Twilio SLA; (c) comply with the security terms for the Services as set forth in the Twilio Security Overview; (d) provide the Services in accordance with laws applicable to Twilio’s provision of the Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for your particular use of the Services), subject to your use of the Services in accordance with this Agreement, the applicable Documentation, and any applicable Order Form(s); (e) make commercially reasonable efforts to use industry standard measures designed to scan, detect, and delete Malicious Code; (f) if applicable, use trained, qualified personnel to provide the Services; and (g) use commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with applicable support for the Services as described in the applicable Support Terms.
Here are some “dos” and “don’ts” you must follow when using our services:
(a) You’re responsible for all use of our services under your account;
(b) You will not transfer, resell, or make available to third parties our services, except to your end users as part of the software applications you develop or products and services you offer;
(c) You will use our services according to these terms,
our Acceptable Use Policy
, including
our service and country specific terms
, and any laws or regulations;
(d) You are responsible for your end users, including all of their activities;
(e) You will prevent unauthorized access to or use of our services;
(f) You will cooperate during information requests we receive relating to your use of our services; and
(g) You will comply with your promises in Section 5 (Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer) below.
2.2 Customer Responsibilities.  You will: (a) be solely responsible for all use of the Services and Documentation under your account and the Customer Services; (b) not transfer, resell, lease, license, or otherwise make available the Services to third parties (except to make the Services available to your End Users) or offer them on a standalone basis; (c) use the Services only in accordance with this Agreement, the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy, the applicable Documentation, any applicable Order Form(s), and applicable law or regulation; (d) be solely responsible for all acts, omissions, and activities of your End Users, including their compliance with this Agreement, the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy, the applicable Documentation, any applicable Order Form(s), and applicable law or regulation; (e) use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to or use of the Services and notify Twilio promptly of any such unauthorized access or use; (f) provide reasonable cooperation regarding information requests from law enforcement, regulators, or telecommunications providers; and (g) comply with your representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 (Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer).
We can suspend your use of our services in the following situations:
(a) You or your end users violate
our Acceptable Use Policy
and
our service and country specific terms
;
(b) You send fraudulent traffic using our services or your use of our services negatively impacts the operation of our services;
(c) Legal or regulatory conditions prohibit us from providing our services;
(d) Your use or your end users' use threatens the security or operability of our services; or
(e) The information about you in your account is not true, accurate, or complete.
2.3 Suspension of Services.  Twilio may suspend the Services upon written notice to you if Twilio, in good faith, determines: (a) that you or your End Users materially breach (or Twilio, in good faith, believes that you or your End Users have materially breached) the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy; (b) there is an unusual and material spike or increase in your use of the Services and that such traffic or use is fraudulent or materially and negatively impacting the operating capability of the Services; (c) that its provision of the Services is prohibited by applicable law or regulation; (d) there is any use of the Services by you or your End Users that threatens the security, integrity, or availability of the Services; or (e) that information in your account is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete. You remain responsible for the Fees (as defined in Section 3.3 (Payment Terms)).
Our services operate on a multi-tenant platform, which we are always looking to innovate and make better. As such, our services may change over time. We will let you know in advance if any changes to our services are not backwards compatible. We may also work with you to resolve any significant negative impacts that result from changes to our services that are not backwards compatible.
2.4 Changes to the Services.  You acknowledge that the features and functions of the Services may change over time; provided, however, Twilio will not materially decrease the overall functionality of the Services. It is your responsibility to ensure the Customer Services are compatible with the Services. Twilio endeavors to avoid changes to the Services that are not backwards compatible, however, if any such changes become necessary, Twilio will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you at least sixty (60) days prior to implementation. In the event Twilio makes a non-backwards compatible change to certain Services and such change materially and negatively impacts your use of the Services (“
Adverse Change
”), (a) you will notify Twilio of the Adverse Change and (b) Twilio may agree to work with you to resolve or otherwise address the Adverse Change, except where Twilio, in its sole discretion, has determined that an Adverse Change is required for security reasons, by telecommunications providers, or to comply with applicable law or regulation.
You may use products called beta offerings, which are not generally available (e.g., services that are in alpha, beta, limited release). You are not required to use our beta offerings in order to use our services.
2.5 Beta Offerings.  From time to time, Twilio may make available Beta Offerings. You may, in your sole discretion, choose to use a Beta Offering. Twilio may discontinue a Beta Offering at any time, in its sole discretion, or decide not to make a Beta Offering generally available.
3. Fees and Payment Terms
The fees you pay to us are either outlined in a signed order form or on
our list of fees on our website
.
3.1 Fees.  You agree to pay the fees set forth in the applicable Order Form(s). If you use any Services not set forth in the applicable Order Form(s), you will be charged the applicable rates available at
https://www.twilio.com/pricing
.
You agree to pay taxes, communications surcharges (e.g., pass-through carrier fees), and costs, fines, or penalties that we incur relating to your use of our services. Taxes and communications surcharges are shown as separate line items on your invoice, so you can identify them easily.
If you are exempt from paying any taxes or communications surcharges, please let us know at
taxforms@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
and provide us with the up-to-date exemption information or proof.
3.2 Taxes and Communications Surcharges
3.2.1 Taxes.  All fees are exclusive of any applicable taxes, levies, duties, or other similar exactions imposed by a legal, governmental, or regulatory authority in any applicable jurisdiction, including, without limitation, sales, use, value-added, consumption, communications, or withholding taxes (collectively, “
Taxes
”). You will pay all Taxes in connection with this Agreement, excluding any taxes based on Twilio’s net income, property, or employees. If you are required by applicable law to withhold any Taxes from payments owed to Twilio, you will reduce or eliminate such withheld Taxes upon receipt of the appropriate tax certificate or document provided by Twilio. You will provide Twilio with proof of payment of any withheld Taxes to the appropriate authority. Taxes will be shown as a separate line item on an invoice.
3.2.2 Communications Charges.  If applicable, all fees are exclusive of any applicable communications service or telecommunication provider (e.g., carrier) fees or surcharges (collectively, “
Communications Surcharges
”). You will pay all Communications Surcharges in connection with your use of the Services. Communications Surcharges will be shown as a separate line item on an invoice. You will pay all costs, fines, or penalties that are imposed on Twilio by a government or regulatory body or a telecommunications provider as a result of your or your End Users’ use of the Services.
3.2.3 Exemption.  If you are exempt from paying certain Taxes or Communications Surcharges, you will provide the necessary exemption information as requested by Twilio or a valid exemption certificate issued by the appropriate authority via e-mail to
taxforms@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
. You will be exempt on a going-forward basis once Twilio has approved your exemption request. If the appropriate authority determines, at any time, that you are not exempt from paying any Taxes or Communications Surcharges, you will promptly pay such Taxes or Communications Surcharges to Twilio, plus any applicable interest or penalties.
You agree to pay us for any services you use.
If you add funds to your account via credit card, you must make sure you have added sufficient funds to cover the fees you owe us. If you do not have sufficient funds in your account to cover the fees you owe us or your credit card declines, then we may suspend our services to all of your accounts.
If we approve you for invoicing, you agree to pay the fees owed to us in US dollars, unless another currency is shown on your order form or invoice, no later than 30 days after the date of the invoice.
If you do not pay on time, then we will send you a late notice. If we do not get your payment within 15 days of the date of the late notice, then we may charge a late fee and suspend our services to all of your accounts. Please pay us on time.
You also may not create new accounts until any fees that you owe us are paid in full.
3.3 Payment Terms.  Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, payment obligations are non-cancelable and fees, Taxes, and Communications Surcharges (collectively, “
Fees
”), once paid, are non-refundable. Except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Order Form(s) and subject to Section 3.3.3 (Payment Disputes), You will pay the Fees due hereunder in accordance with the following applicable payment method:
3.3.1 Credit Card.  If you elect to add funds to your account by credit card and use such funds to pay the Fees due, you are responsible for ensuring such funds cover such Fees. If your account does not have sufficient funds or your credit card declines a charge for the Fees due, Twilio may suspend the provision of the Services to all of your accounts until the Fees due are paid in full. You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
3.3.2 Invoicing.  If you elect to receive invoices and Twilio approves you for the same, then, except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Order Form(s), (a) invoices will be sent to you each month via email to the email address(es) you designate in your account and (b) you will pay the Fees due within thirty (30) days of the date of the invoice. Except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Order Form(s) or an invoice to the extent you procure the Services without any applicable Order Form(s), the Fees are payable in United States dollars. If you fail to pay the Fees and remedy such failure within fifteen (15) days of the date Twilio provides you with written notice of the same, then Twilio may (i) assess and you will pay a late fee of the lesser of 1.5% per month or the maximum amount allowable by law and (ii) suspend the provision of the Services to all of your accounts until the Fees due are paid in full. You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
If you ever think that we charged you the wrong amount and you want to dispute it, then let us know in writing within 60 days of the billing date for the charge in question. You have to be reasonable when disputing a charge and must act in good faith and cooperate with us to resolve the dispute.
3.3.3 Payment Disputes.  You will notify Twilio in writing within sixty (60) days of the date Twilio bills you for any Fees that you wish to dispute. You may withhold the disputed Fees until the dispute is resolved. Where you are disputing any Fees, you must act reasonably and in good faith and will cooperate diligently with Twilio to resolve the dispute. Twilio will not charge you a late fee or suspend the provision of the Services for unpaid Fees that are in dispute, unless you fail to cooperate diligently with Twilio or Twilio determines the dispute is not reasonable or brought in good faith by you.
If you are purchasing our services through a third-party fulfillment reseller, then you will pay the fees incurred for using our services to that third-party fulfillment reseller instead of us. If you fail to pay the third-party fulfillment reseller on time, our services may be suspended.
3.4 Fulfillment Resale.  If you are purchasing the Services through a third-party fulfillment reseller that is solely responsible for facilitating payments to Twilio for your use of the Services (“
Fulfillment Reseller
”), you will pay all fees due for your use of the Services directly to the Fulfillment Reseller in accordance with your agreement with the Fulfillment Reseller (“
Fulfillment Agreement
”). If you breach your payment obligations to the Fulfillment Reseller and fail to cure such breach within the time period specified in the Fulfillment Agreement, the Fulfillment Reseller or Twilio may suspend the provision of the Services to you upon written notice.
4. Ownership, Customer Data, and Confidentiality
What is ours is ours, including the following:
(a) our services;
(b)
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
;
(c) our confidential information;
(d) any data that is derived or generated from the use or provision of our services that does not identify or no longer identifies you, your end users, or any natural person or any data that is anonymized, de-identified, and/or aggregated; and
(e) any feedback you or your end users provide to us about our services.
Additionally, what is yours is yours, including the software applications you develop or products and services you offer, your confidential information, and your data.
4.1 Ownership Rights.  As between the parties, Twilio exclusively owns and reserves all right, title, and interest in and to the Services, the Documentation, Twilio's Confidential Information (as defined in Section 4.3.1 (Definition)), Twilio Data, as well as any feedback or suggestions you or your End Users provide regarding the Services. As between the parties, you exclusively own and reserve all right, title, and interest in and to the Customer Services, your Confidential Information, and Customer Data, subject to Twilio’s rights to process Customer Data in accordance with this Agreement and the Twilio Data Protection Addendum.
We or our affiliates can use your data in order to provide you with our services according to our obligations in these terms and the terms of
our Data Protection Addendum
.
4.2 Customer Data.  You grant Twilio and its Affiliates the right to process Customer Data as necessary to provide the Services in a manner that is consistent with this Agreement and the Twilio Data Protection Addendum. You are responsible for the quality and integrity of Customer Data.
Neither of us will tell anyone else about or use the confidential information that we got from each other, except as allowed under these terms and the terms of
our Data Protection Addendum
.
If either of us shares the other’s confidential information with third parties, then the one sharing that confidential information will make sure those third parties comply with these confidentiality obligations.
4.3 Confidentiality
4.3.1 Definition.  “
Confidential Information
” means any information or data, regardless of whether it is in tangible form, disclosed by either party (“
Disclosing Party
”) to the other party (“
Receiving Party
”) that is marked or otherwise designated as confidential or proprietary or that should otherwise be reasonably understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances surrounding the disclosure, including, without limitation, this Agreement, Order Form(s), Customer Data, security reports and attestations, audit reports, customer lists, pricing, concepts, processes, plans, designs and other strategies, “know how”, inventions, and financial, technical, or other business information and materials of Disclosing Party and its Affiliates. Confidential Information does not include any information which: (a) is publicly available through no breach of this Agreement or fault of Receiving Party; (b) was properly known by Receiving Party, and to its knowledge, without any restriction, prior to disclosure by Disclosing Party; (c) was properly disclosed to Receiving Party, and to its knowledge, without any restriction, by another person without violation of Disclosing Party's rights; or (d) is independently developed by Receiving Party without use of or reference to the Confidential Information of Disclosing Party.
4.3.2 Use and Disclosure.  Except as otherwise authorized under Section 4.3.3 (Compelled Disclosure), under the Twilio Data Protection Addendum, or by Disclosing Party in writing, Receiving Party will not (a) use any Confidential Information of Disclosing Party for any purpose outside of exercising Receiving Party’s rights or fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement and (b) disclose or make Confidential Information of Disclosing Party available to any party, except to Receiving Party's Affiliates, and Receiving Party's and its Affiliates’ respective employees, legal counsel, accountants, contractors, and in Twilio’s case, subcontractors (collectively, “
Representatives
”) who have a “need to know” as necessary for Receiving Party to exercise its rights or fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. Receiving Party will be responsible for its Representatives’ compliance with this Section 4.3. Representatives will be legally bound to protect Confidential Information of Disclosing Party under terms of confidentiality that are at least as protective as the terms of this Section 4.3. Receiving Party will protect the confidentiality of Confidential Information of Disclosing Party using the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own confidential information but in no event less than reasonable care. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may disclose Twilio’s SOC2 or similar report, which will constitute Twilio’s Confidential Information, only to your End Users or your End Users' employee or contract worker who has a “need to know” for such SOC2 or similar report and is legally bound to terms of confidentiality that are at least as protective as the terms of this Section 4.3.
Either of us may disclose the confidential information we got from the other if requested by a regulator or required by regulation, law, subpoena, or court order, if we fulfill certain conditions, such as providing written notice, if legally allowed and such disclosure does not interfere with an investigation into potential illegal activity, and reasonable cooperation.
4.3.3 Compelled Disclosure.  Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of Disclosing Party if so required pursuant to a request from a regulator or pursuant to regulation, law, subpoena, or court order (collectively, “
Compelled Disclosures
”), provided Receiving Party gives Disclosing Party written notice of a Compelled Disclosure to the extent (a) legally permitted and (b) where, when Twilio is Receiving Party, it determines that such Compelled Disclosure will not unduly interfere with an ongoing investigation into potential illegal activity. Receiving Party will provide reasonable cooperation to Disclosing Party in connection with a Compelled Disclosure at Disclosing Party’s sole expense.
Money alone may not be enough to make either of us whole if one of us breaks our promise of confidentiality. As such, either of us may seek other remedies, like gag orders, if needed.
4.3.4 Injunctive Relief.  The parties expressly acknowledge and agree that no adequate remedy may exist at law for an actual or threatened breach of this Section 4.3 and that, in the event of an actual or threatened breach of the provisions of this Section 4.3, the non-breaching party will be entitled to seek immediate injunctive and other equitable relief, without waiving any other rights or remedies available to it.
We may use and display your name, logo, and a description of how you use our services on our website, in earnings releases, and in other marketing materials. We promise to follow any usage guidelines that you provide to us.
4.4 Use of Marks.  You grant Twilio the right to use and display your name, logo, and a description of your use case(s) on Twilio’s website, in earnings releases and calls, and in marketing and promotional materials, subject to your standard trademark usage guidelines that you expressly provide to Twilio.
5. Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer
Each of us agrees to these terms and promises it has the legal power to do so.
5.1 Power and Authority Representation.  Each party represents and warrants that it has validly accepted or entered into this Agreement and has the legal power to do so.
Each of us will follow anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other international trade laws, regulations, and government orders. Each of us also confirms that we, or our organization, is not on any government sanctions or restricted party lists of people and organizations that companies like Twilio are not allowed to do business with.
If you or your end users become placed on any government sanctions or restricted party lists, you will stop using our services and remove any end users’ access to our services.
5.2 Anti-Corruption and International Trade Laws.  Each party (a) warrants that it will comply with all applicable anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other international trade laws, regulations, and governmental orders (collectively, “
Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws
”) in the jurisdictions that apply directly or indirectly to the Services, including, without limitation, the United States, and (b) represents that it has not made, offered, promised to make, or authorized any payment or anything of value in violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws. You will promptly notify Twilio in writing of any actual or potential violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws in connection with the use of the Services and take all appropriate steps to remedy or resolve such violations, including any steps requested by Twilio. If applicable, you represent that you have obtained, and warrant that you will continue to obtain, all licenses or other authorizations required to export, re-export, or transfer the Services. Each party represents that it (and in your case, also your End Users) is not on any government prohibited, denied, or unverified-party, sanctions, debarment, or exclusion list or export-controlled related restricted party list (collectively, “
Sanctions Lists
”). You will immediately (i) discontinue your use of the Services if you become placed on any Sanctions List and (ii) remove your End Users’ access to the Services if your End Users become placed on any Sanctions List. You represent that you have not, and warrant that you will not, export, re-export, or transfer the Services to an entity on any Sanctions List without prior authorization from the applicable governmental authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party if the other party is in breach of its obligations in this Section 5.2. If your account is blocked because it is operating in a country or region prohibited under this Section 5.2, you will receive notice of your account being inoperable when you attempt to log into your account in such prohibited country or region.
You will only give us data for which you provided any required notices and received any required permissions, including in a manner as required by law or regulation. In addition, we will only use this data according to these terms and the terms of
our Data Protection Addendum
.
5.3 Consents and Permissions.  You represent and warrant that you have provided, and will continue to provide, adequate notices, and that you have obtained, and will continue to obtain, the necessary permissions and consents required to enable Twilio to process all Customer Data to provide the Services or as permitted by this Agreement and the Twilio Data Protection Addendum.
Our services will work the way we say they will in
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
5.4 Services.  Twilio represents and warrants that the Services perform materially in accordance with the applicable Documentation. Your exclusive remedy for a breach of this Section 5.4 will be, at Twilio’s option, to (a) remediate any material non-conformity or (b) refund you the Fees paid for the time period during which the affected Services do not comply with this Section 5.4.
Except for any of the explicit promises in this Section 5, we are offering our services “as is.” You also understand that we are not responsible if anything happens to your data outside of our network or for anything that happens resulting from:
(a) your use of our beta offerings;
(b) the software applications you develop or the products and services you offer; or
(c) any products and services provided by a third-party provider.
5.5 DISCLAIMER.  WITHOUT LIMITING A PARTY’S EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AND EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, AND EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. TWILIO ADDITIONALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES RELATED TO TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THE INTERNET AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS’ NETWORKS ARE INHERENTLY INSECURE AND THAT TWILIO WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY CHANGES TO, INTERCEPTION OF, OR LOSS OF CUSTOMER DATA WHILE IN TRANSIT VIA THE INTERNET OR A TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDER’S NETWORK. BETA OFFERINGS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. TWILIO MAKES NO WARRANTIES AND WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY BETA OFFERINGS, CUSTOMER SERVICES, OR THIRD PARTY SERVICES WHATSOEVER.
6. Mutual Indemnification
If someone comes after you claiming that our provision of our services violates their intellectual property rights, we will fight that fight for you and pay any awarded damages or settlement we enter into.
6.1 Indemnification by Twilio
6.1.1 Scope of Indemnification.  Twilio will defend you, your Affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, and employees (collectively, “
Customer Indemnified Parties
”) from and against any claim, demand, suit, or proceeding made or brought against a Customer Indemnified Party by a third party alleging that Twilio’s provision of the Services infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (“
Twilio Indemnifiable Claim
”). Twilio will indemnify you from any fines, penalties, damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs awarded against a Customer Indemnified Party or for settlement amounts approved by Twilio for a Twilio Indemnifiable Claim.
If we think our services infringe someone’s intellectual property rights, then, in addition to fighting the fight as we talk about above, we will either obtain the rights for you to continue to use our services or modify our services, so they do not infringe. If we cannot do either of these, we will terminate these terms and refund you any prepaid and unused fees.
6.1.2 Infringement Options.  If Twilio’s provision of the Services has become, or in Twilio’s opinion is likely to become, the subject of any Twilio Indemnifiable Claim for third-party intellectual property rights infringement or misappropriation, Twilio may at its option and expense: (a) procure the right to continue to provide the Services as set forth herein; (b) modify the Services to make them non-infringing; or (c) if the foregoing options are not reasonably practicable, terminate this Agreement, or, if applicable, terminate the Services that are the subject of any Twilio Indemnifiable Claim for third-party intellectual property rights infringement or misappropriation, and refund you any unused pre-paid Fees.
In this Section 6.1.3, we describe situations where we do not have to indemnify you, such as (a) your violation of these terms, (b) any claims brought against you by someone due to your use of our services in combination with other applications or services, or (c) your use of our services that are free of charge or our beta offerings.
6.1.3 Limitations.  Twilio will have no liability or obligation under this Section 6.1 with respect to any Twilio Indemnifiable Claim arising out of (a) your use of the Services in breach of this Agreement; (b) the combination, operation, or use of the Services with other applications, portions of applications, products, or services, including, without limitation, the Customer Services or Third Party Services, where the Services would not by themselves be infringing; or (c) Services for which there is no charge or Beta Offerings.
Similar to above, you need to fight the fight if someone comes after us because you or your end users breach your responsibilities in Section 2.2 (Customer Responsibilities) or because of the software applications you develop or the products and services you offer.
6.2 Indemnification by Customer.  You will defend Twilio, its Affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, and employees (collectively, “
Twilio Indemnified Parties
”) from and against any claim, demand, suit, or proceeding made or brought against a Twilio Indemnified Party by a third party alleging or arising out of: (a) your or your End Users’ breach of Section 2.2 (Customer Responsibilities) or (b) any Customer Services infringing or misappropriating such third party’s intellectual property rights (collectively, “
Customer Indemnifiable Claims
”). You will indemnify Twilio from any fines, penalties, damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs awarded against a Twilio Indemnified Party or for settlement amounts that you approve for a Customer Indemnifiable Claim.
This Section 6.3 outlines the indemnification process - how it works, what is required, etc.  It applies to both of us equally.  Please be sure to read it.
6.3 Conditions of Indemnification.  As a condition of the foregoing indemnification obligations: (a) the indemnified party (“
Indemnified Party
”) will promptly notify the indemnifying party (“
Indemnifying Party
”) of any Customer Indemnifiable Claim or Twilio Indemnifiable Claim (individually or collectively referred to herein as a “
Claim
”)in writing; provided, however, that the failure to give prompt written notice will not relieve Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that Indemnifying Party was actually and materially prejudiced by such failure; (b) Indemnifying Party will have the sole authority to defend or settle a Claim; and (c) Indemnified Party will reasonably cooperate with Indemnifying Party in connection with Indemnifying Party’s activities hereunder, at Indemnifying Party’s expense. Indemnified Party reserves the right, at its own expense, to participate in the defense of a Claim. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Indemnifying Party will not settle any Claim for which it has an obligation to indemnify under this Section 6 admitting liability or fault on behalf of Indemnified Party, nor create any obligation on behalf of Indemnified Party without Indemnified Party’s prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.
6.4 Exclusive Remedy.  This Section 6 states Indemnifying Party’s sole liability to, and Indemnified Party’s exclusive remedy against, the other party for any third-party claims.
7. Limitation of Liability
This Section 7.1 outlines the types of damages that are available in the event of a claim.  At a high level, neither of us is responsible for damages that indirectly result from an incident.
7.1 LIMITATION ON INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND RELATED DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, GOODWILL, OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COVER, LOST DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF A PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR IF A PARTY’S OR ITS AFFILIATES’ REMEDY OTHERWISE FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW.
Generally speaking, any direct damages either of us might owe to the other are capped at the amounts you paid us (or should have paid us) in the 12-month period before the incident occurred.
7.2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY TOGETHER WITH ALL OF ITS AFFILIATES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE BY YOU AND YOUR AFFILIATES HEREUNDER FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE FIRST INCIDENT OUT OF WHICH THE LIABILITY AROSE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION WILL APPLY WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY.
The only exceptions to the limitations in Section 7.1 (Limitation on Indirect, Consequential, and Related Damages) and Section 7.2 (Limitation of Liability) are for your violation of your responsibilities in Section 2.2 (Customer Responsibilities), your payment obligations in Section 3 (Fees and Payment Terms), and both of our indemnification obligations in Section 6 (Mutual Indemnification).
7.3 EXCEPTIONS TO THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN SECTION 7.1 (LIMITATION ON INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND RELATED DAMAGES) AND SECTION 7.2 (LIMITATION OF LIABILITY), THE LIMITATIONS IN SECTION 7.1 AND SECTION 7.2 DO NOT APPLY TO (a) YOUR BREACH OF SECTION 2.2 (CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITIES); (b) YOUR AND YOUR AFFILIATES’ BREACH OF SECTION 3 (FEES AND PAYMENT TERMS); OR (c) AMOUNTS PAYABLE PURSUANT TO A PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 6 (MUTUAL INDEMNIFICATION).
8. Term, Termination, and Survival
These terms will be valid and effective from the date you agree to them until they are ended according to one of the events in Section 8.2 (Termination) below.
8.1 Agreement Term.  This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue until terminated in accordance with Section 8.2 (Termination) (“
Term
”).
Either of us may end these terms by providing the other with 30 days advance notice. However, if you have any order forms in effect, those order forms will remain in effect for the duration of their order form term and these terms will continue to apply.
8.2 Termination
8.2.1 For Convenience.  Either party may terminate this Agreement for convenience by providing the other party with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if there are any Order Form(s) in effect, this Agreement will not terminate until all such Order Form(s) have expired or have been terminated in accordance with the terms therein.
If either of us violates these terms and does not fix the violation within 15 days, the other one may end these terms.
Ending these terms will result in the closure of all of your accounts.
8.2.2 Material Breach.  Either party may terminate this Agreement (including all Order Form(s) and Services that are in effect) in the event the other party commits any material breach of this Agreement and fails to remedy such breach within fifteen (15) days of the date of written notice of such breach. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy will be considered a material breach of this Agreement. If Twilio terminates this Agreement because of your material breach, then Twilio will also close your accounts.
Either of us may end these terms by providing the other with written notice if the other goes bankrupt or fails to continue its business.
8.2.3 Insolvency.  Subject to applicable law, either party may terminate this Agreement immediately by providing written notice in the event of the other party’s liquidation, commencement of dissolution proceedings, or any other proceeding relating to a receivership, failure to continue business, assignment for the benefit of creditors, or becoming the subject of bankruptcy.
Certain important terms live on even after these terms end. That includes your payment obligations to us and the specific sections mentioned on the right.
8.3 Survival.  Upon termination of this Agreement, the terms of this Section 8.3 and the terms of the following Sections will survive: Section 2.1(c) (regarding the Twilio Security Overview), Section 3 (Fees and Payment Terms), Section 4 (Ownership, Customer Data, and Confidentiality), Section 5.5 (Disclaimer), Section 6 (Mutual Indemnification), Section 7 (Limitation of Liability), Section 9 (General), and any applicable terms in Section 10 (Additional Terms).
9. General
Your affiliates may use our services according to these terms. However, you and your affiliates are both responsible for the activities of your affiliates.
9.1.1 Affiliates of Customer.  Your Affiliates may use the Services under and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. You represent and warrant that you have sufficient rights and the authority to make this Agreement binding upon each of your Affiliates. You and each of your Affiliates will be jointly and severally liable for the acts and omissions of such Affiliate in connection with this Agreement and such Affiliate’s use of the Services. Only you will bring any claim against Twilio on behalf of your Affiliates.
Our affiliates may provide you or your affiliates with our services or bill you or your affiliates on behalf of us or another Twilio entity providing our services.
9.1.2 Affiliates of Twilio.  An Affiliate of Twilio may provide the Services, or a portion thereof, to you or your Affiliates, as applicable, in accordance with this Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) with such Affiliate of Twilio. Twilio will (a) be responsible for the Services its Affiliates provide and (b) not be relieved of its obligations under this Agreement if its Affiliates provide the Services or a portion thereof. Twilio will enforce the terms of this Agreement relating to the Services its Affiliates provide. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, an Affiliate of Twilio may directly bill you or your Affiliates, as applicable, (i) for the Services it provides or (ii) solely as a billing agent for Twilio or the Affiliate of Twilio providing the Services, as applicable.
Neither of us may transfer our obligations under these terms without the other’s prior written consent, unless either of us is transferring our obligations to an entity that is assuming either of our assets or business or to either of our affiliates.
9.2 Assignment.  Neither party may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any applicable Order Form(s), in whole or in part, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the other party’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may assign this Agreement or any applicable Order Form(s), in whole or in part, without consent to (a) a successor to all or part of its assets or business or (b) an Affiliate. Any attempted assignment or transfer by either party in violation hereof will be void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) will be binding on the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
These terms do not create any special relationship between us, like an employer-employee relationship, joint venture, or a partnership. Nothing will change that. Each of us is responsible for our own employees and agents.
9.3 Relationship.  Each party is an independent contractor in the performance of each and every part of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create or will be construed as creating an employer-employee relationship or a partnership, agency, joint venture, or franchise. Each party will be solely responsible for all of its employees and agents and its labor costs and expenses arising in connection therewith and for any and all claims, liabilities, damages, or debts of any type whatsoever that may arise on account of its activities, or those of its employees and agents, in the performance of this Agreement. Neither party has the authority to commit the other party in any way and will not attempt to do so or imply that it has the right to do so.
These terms are strictly between you and us. No third parties have any rights under these terms unless we already say so in these terms.
9.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement does not confer any benefits on any third party (including your End Users or an Affiliate) unless it expressly states that it does.
If you need to notify us, you must send notices via email to
legalnotices@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
If we need to notify you, we will notify you via email to the email address designated in your account or via your account portal.
9.5 Notices.  Notices to Twilio will be provided via email to
legalnotices@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
. All notices to you will be provided via email to the relevant contact(s) you designate in your account.
These terms are governed by the law specified in the table below, depending on where your business entity is registered.
If we go to court to resolve a dispute between us, then the courts specified in the table below, depending on where your business entity is registered, will be responsible for resolving that dispute.
9.6 Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees.  This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of the applicable state or country identified below without regard to conflicts of laws and principles that would cause the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Except as provided in Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution), any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services will be instituted in the applicable courts identified below and the parties hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of these courts. In the event of any adjudication of any dispute under this Agreement, the prevailing party in such legal suit, action, or proceeding will be entitled to reimbursement of its attorneys’ fees and related costs by the non-prevailing party.
If you are domiciled in:
Governing law:
Courts with personal jurisdiction:
Any country outside of the (a) European Economic Area and its regions and territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco and (b) Asia-Pacific region, other than Brazil and Japan
State of California
State or federal courts of San Francisco, California, United States of America
Any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco
England and Wales
Courts of London, England, United Kingdom
Any country within the Asia-Pacific region, other than Japan
Singapore
Courts of Singapore
Brazil
Brazil
Courts of the City and State of São Paulo, Brazil
Japan
Japan (including its procedural rules)
Tokyo District Court
If there is a dispute (except for intellectual property disputes) between us, each of us will escalate the dispute internally to see if we can resolve it. If we cannot, each of us agrees to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration.
9.7 Dispute Resolution.  In the event of any dispute, claim, or controversy in connection with this Agreement (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will, in good faith, attempt to resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days or within such other time period as the parties may agree in writing, then the parties may commence binding arbitration under JAMS’ Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The parties will share equally the fees and expenses of the JAMS arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted by a sole arbitrator mutually agreed to between the parties or, failing that, by JAMS under its then prevailing rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant specific performance or any other equitable or legal remedy, including provisional remedies. Each party will be responsible for its own incurred expenses arising out of any dispute resolution procedure. Any arbitration proceedings will take place in the English language in (a) San Francisco, California, if you are domiciled in any country outside of the (i) European Economic Area and its regions and territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco and (ii) Asia-Pacific region; (b) London, England, if you are domiciled in any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco; or (c) Singapore, if you are domiciled in any country within the Asia-Pacific region.
If neither of us can carry out our obligations under these terms because something crazy happens beyond either of our control (think earthquake, massive power outage, war), then that does not count as a violation of these terms.
9.8 Force Majeure.  No failure, delay, or default in performance of any obligation of a party will constitute an event of default or breach of this Agreement to the extent that such failure to perform, delay, or default arises out of a cause, existing or future, that is beyond the control and without negligence of such party, including action or inaction of governmental, civil or military authority, fire, strike, lockout, or other labor dispute, flood, terrorist act, war, riot, theft, earthquake, or other natural disaster (collectively, “
Force Majeure Events
”). The party affected by a Force Majeure Event will take all reasonable actions to minimize the consequences of any such event.
If neither of us enforces any part of these terms, that does not mean that we cannot enforce that part now or in the future.
If there are inconsistencies between the various terms and conditions that make up these terms, the order of precedence will be as follows to resolve those inconsistencies: (1) any order forms; (2)
our Data Protection Addendum
; (3) the terms set forth in the body of these Terms of Service; (4)
our Acceptable Use Policy
, including
our service and country specific terms
; (5) any other terms and conditions incorporated into these terms; and (6)
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
9.9 Waiver and Order of Precedence.  No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right or enforcing any provision under this Agreement will constitute a waiver of that right or provision, or any other provision. Titles and headings of sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and will not affect the construction of any provision of this Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence will be: (1) the applicable Order Form(s), (2) the Twilio Data Protection Addendum, (3) the terms set forth in the body of this Twilio Terms of Service, (4) the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy, (5) any other terms incorporated by reference herein or any other exhibits or attachments hereto, and (6) the applicable Documentation.
If any part of these terms is not legally enforceable, the rest of these terms will still be legally enforceable.
9.10 Severability.  In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary to render such provision enforceable and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
These terms and these terms only govern our relationship with each other and your use of our services. Any terms and conditions outside of these terms will be invalid and not apply.
9.11 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement will constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, proposals, statements, sales materials, presentations, or non-disclosure or other agreements, whether oral or written. No oral or written information or advice given by Twilio, its agents, or its employees will create a warranty or in any way increase the scope of the warranties or obligations in this Agreement. The parties agree that any term or condition stated in your vendor registration form or registration portal or in any purchase order document or similar document will be construed solely as evidence of your internal business processes and the terms and conditions contained therein will be void and have no effect with regard to this Agreement, even if accepted by Twilio or executed by the parties after the Effective Date.
10. Additional Terms
If you are a U.S. Federal or U.S. state entity, or a federally-recognized tribal entity performing governmental functions and eligible for funding and services from the U.S. Department of the Interior, these terms apply to you.
10.1 United States Federal, State, and Tribal Governments.  If you are a (a) United States federal entity,  including without limitation, a bureau, office, agency, department, or other entity of the United States government; (b) a United States state entity, including without limitation, a bureau, department, office, or other entity of a state or a local, county, borough, commonwealth city, municipality, town, township, special purpose district, or other entity established by the laws of a state and located in such state; or (c) a federally-recognized tribal entity performing governmental functions and eligible for funding and services from the United States Department of the Interior by virtue of its status as an Indian tribe, or in Alaska, a Native village or Alaska Regional Native corporation, the following terms apply:
10.1.1 Failure to Pay.  Twilio may assess, and you will pay, interest equal to the maximum amount allowable by applicable law, if you fail to pay the Fees and remedy such failure within fifteen (15) days of the date Twilio provides you with written notice of the same.
10.1.2 Public Disclosure Laws.  Section 4.3.2 (Use and Disclosure) of this Agreement does not prohibit you from disclosing the terms of this Agreement to the extent required by public disclosure laws applicable to you (“
Public Disclosure Laws
”), provided that, to the extent permissible, any material legal terms included in this Agreement (e.g., representations and warranties, indemnification, limitation of liability) and any trade secrets, non-publicly available pricing, future business plans, future product plans or features, or business strategies of Twilio are redacted.
10.1.3 Compelled Disclosure of Confidential Information. Receiving Party will provide reasonable cooperation to Disclosing Party in connection with a Compelled Disclosure at Disclosing Party’s sole expense to the extent permitted by applicable law.
10.1.4 Customer Services IP Infringement.  You represent and warrant that the Customer Services do not, and will not, infringe or misappropriate a third party’s intellectual property rights. Your breach of this Section 10.1.4 will not be subject to liability limitations set forth in Section 7 (Limitation of Liability) of this Agreement.
10.1.5 Use of Marks.  Twilio will not use your name, logo, or a description of your use case(s) on Twilio’s website, earnings release and calls, or marketing or promotional materials without your prior written consent.
10.1.6 Indemnification by Customer.  Your obligations in Section 6.2 (Indemnification by Customer) of this Agreement will apply to the extent permitted by applicable law, regulation, or procedure.
10.1.7 Assignment.  The ability of either party to assign this Agreement without consent pursuant to Section 9.2 (Assignment) of this Agreement will not apply where prohibited by applicable law.
10.1.8 Governing Law.   Section 9.6 (Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to (a) United States Federal law, if you are a United States Federal entity, or (b) the laws of the state in which you are located without regard to conflicts of laws and principles that would cause the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, if you are not a United States Federal entity. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
10.1.9 Dispute Resolution.  Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
Except as otherwise specified in applicable law, in the event of a dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will engage in good faith negotiations with the other party’s senior representatives to amicably resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days after the first request to engage in good faith negotiations or within such other time period as the parties may agree to in writing, then either party may seek relief as set forth in Section 9.6 (Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees).
10.1.10 Code of Federal Regulations.  Twilio agrees to comply with the clauses included under 48 C.F.R. § 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and all applicable equal opportunity laws including the provisions of Executive Order 11246, as amended, Section 402 of the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 (38 USC 4212), and Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, and the regulations at 41 C.F.R. §§ 60-1 -60-60, 60-250, and 60-741. The affirmative action clause and regulations contained in the preceding sentence are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
10.1.11 Commercial Items.  The Services are “Commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS) items”, consisting of “Commercial Products(s),” “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. § 2.101. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. § 12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §§ 227.7202-1-227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being provided (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other Twilio customers. Unpublished-rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.
10.1.12 Conflict.  In the event of any conflict between this Section 10.1 and any other terms of this Agreement, this Section 10.1 will prevail.
If you are a microenterprise, small enterprise, or a not for profit organisation and use our services within the EEA or U.K., these terms apply to you.
10.2 European Electronic Communications Code.  If you are a microenterprise, small enterprise, or not for profit organisation, and Twilio provides you the Services within the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, you agree you have read and accept the European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/service-country-specific-terms/eu-eecc-waiver
.
If your business entity is registered in Brazil, these terms apply to you.
10.3 Brazil.  If you are domiciled in Brazil, the following terms apply:
10.3.1 Dispute Resolution.  Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
In the event of a dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will engage in good faith negotiations with the other party’s senior representatives to amicably resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days after the first request to engage in good faith negotiations or within such other time period as the parties may agree to in writing, then either party may commence (a) litigation proceedings if the amounts being sought are less than two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000 USD) or (b) binding arbitration under the Rules of CAM-CCBC if the amounts being sought are greater than or equal to two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000 USD). To the extent a Dispute is submitted for arbitration, the parties will share equally the fees and expenses of the CAM-CCBC arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted by a sole arbitrator chosen by the mutual agreement of the parties or, failing that, by CAM-CCBC under its then prevailing rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant specific performance or any other equitable or legal remedy, including provisional remedies. Each party will be responsible for its own incurred expenses arising out of any dispute resolution procedure. Any arbitration proceedings will take place in the English language in the City and State of São Paulo, Brazil.
If your business entity is registered in Japan, these terms apply to you.
10.4 Japan.  If you are domiciled in Japan, the following terms apply:
10.4.1 Intended Use.  The Services are intended for business use by corporate or business entities, and you agree that you will not use the Services for any personal or individual use.
10.4.2 Required Information and Verification Process.  Depending on the Services you use, you may be required to submit copies of government-issued ID documents to Twilio and/or complete verification processes (e.g., via post) as required under applicable law or regulation, including, without limitation, the Act on Prevention of Transfer of Criminal Proceeds and the Telecommunications Business Act.
10.4.3 Taxes and Communications Surcharges.  Taxes, as defined in Section 3.2.1 (Taxes) of this Agreement, will include Japanese consumption tax. The universal service fee and the telephone relay service fee charged by telecommunication providers (e.g., carriers) will be borne by you as part of the Communications Surcharges set forth in Section 3.2.2 (Communications Surcharges) of this Agreement.
10.4.4 Currency.  All Fees are payable in Japanese Yen, except as otherwise set forth in writing, including in an applicable Order Form(s) or an invoice to the extent you procure the Services without an Order Form.
10.4.5 Intellectual Property Rights.  Any intellectual property rights vested by Twilio under this Agreement will include the rights set forth in Article 27 (Right of Adaptation) and 28 (Original Author’s Right in Derivative Works) of the Copyright Act of Japan, Act No. 48 of May 6, 1970. Further, you agree not to exercise against Twilio, or any other third parties designated by Twilio, any moral rights you may have in any contents, including, without limitation, the feedback or suggestions you or your End Users provide regarding the Services that Twilio is entitled to exploit under this Agreement.
10.4.6 Anti-Social Forces.  Each party represents and warrants that it (a) is not an anti-social force (meaning here and hereinafter, gangsters, right-wing groups, anti-social forces, and others equivalent thereto) and (b) does not have any exchange or involvement with anti-social forces, such as cooperation or involvement in the maintenance, operation, or management of anti-social forces, through funding, or other means.
10.4.7 Dispute Resolution.  Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
In the event of a dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will engage in good faith negotiations with the other party’s senior representatives to amicably resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days after the first request to engage in good faith negotiations or within such other time period as the parties may agree to in writing, then either party may seek relief as set forth in Section 9.6 (Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees).
10.4.8 Conflict.  In the event of any conflict between this Section 10.4 and any other terms of this Agreement, this Section 10.4 will prevail.
If you are joining or participating in any of Twilio's partner programs, these terms apply to you.
10.5 Partner Programs.  If you are joining or participating in any Twilio partner program (each, a “
Partner Program
”), the following terms apply:
10.5.1 Partner Program Acceptance Conditions.  Your acceptance into the applicable Partner Program is conditioned on (a) Twilio’s approval of your completed application to join such applicable Partner Program, if applicable; (b) your satisfaction of all Partner Program acceptance qualifications and requirements that are communicated to you in writing by Twilio; and (c) your acceptance and compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
10.5.2 Partner Program Guides and Policies.  You will comply with the applicable Partner Program guides and policies available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/partner-program-policies
.
10.5.3 Publicity Restrictions.  Neither party will issue any press releases or public announcements in connection with your participation in the applicable Partner Program without the other party’s prior written consent.
10.5.4 Partner Program Removal.  Twilio may, for any reason or no reason, remove you from the applicable Partner Program, or your access to the applicable Partner Program account portal, upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to you.
10.5.5 Conflict.  In the event of any conflict between this Section 10.5 and any other terms of this Agreement, this Section 10.5 will prevail.
Sub-policy 7
https://stripe.com/us/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 8
https://www.chargebee.com/privacy.html:
___
Press Alt+1 for screen-reader mode, Alt+0 to cancel
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting
Join us at Beelieve ’25 on April 8-9 in San Francisco!
Discover stories of monetization, growth, and reinvention in the age of AI.
Learn more
English
English
Deutsch
Dutch
Français
Chargebee Privacy Notice
Effective Date: 18 Jul 2024
For prior version, please
click here
CHARGEBEE INC.
(“Chargebee”, "We", "Us" or "Our") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice describes how Chargebee collects, uses, shares and otherwise processes the personal information of individuals covered by this Privacy Notice, including choices and rights available to such individuals with respect to their personal information.
This Privacy Notice applies to all customers and end customers of Our products and services, visitors of www.chargebee.com, www.brightback.com www.rev-lock.com and www.numberz.co (“Website”) and individuals who engage with us or We engage with, whereby We control or determine the means and purposes of processing their personal information (“You” or “Your”). Such engagement includes but is not limited to availing Our products and services, engaging with Us for recruitment purposes, attending events that We host and any other engagement with Us relating to sales, marketing and research purposes, including when we engage with our partner and service providers. It applies to personal information that We may either collect directly from You or from third parties, in certain cases.
We encourage You to read this Privacy Notice in conjunction with any other information that We may provide to You at the time of collection or processing of Your personal information, including in the form of notices specific to such engagement.
Our Website is not intended for use by individuals under the age of 16 years or who are otherwise considered as minors under the law they are subject to, and consequently, such individuals are prohibited from using Our Website or engaging with Us. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from such individuals and You are also prohibited from sharing personal information pertaining to such individuals to Us. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe Your child has given Us information and You did not provide consent, please contact Us at the email and address provided below under “Contact Us.
What personal information do We collect about You?
Depending on who You are and how We are engaging with You, We may collect information including:
Personal identifiers such as name, email address, contact number, mailing address, identification number, signature;
General information such as location data, title, position, industry, area of work;.
Online identifiers such asIP address, device identifier, browser identifier, internet service provider, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data, geolocation data, cookies, beacons, pixel tags, log files and mobile ad identifiers or similar technology, unique pseudonyms and other persistent and probabilistic identifiers that can be used to identify a particular individual or device;
Internet or other electronic network activity information such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding Your interaction with an internet website or use of a website, application or advertisement, information from analytics services (such as Google and Visual Website Optimiser);
Engagement specific information such as
Educational qualifications, work experience, skills, employment history, remuneration, CV/resume, insurance information, health information, credit references, background verification details and results, criminal history for recruitment purposes,
communication and general preferences, interview and survey responses, opinions and feedback for research purposes, and
payment related information such as billing address, shipping address, cardholder details, card number, bank account number and other financial information;
Sensitive personal information or special category of personal information such as Your social security number, state identification card, passport number, geolocation data, government identification, biometric information for identification, criminal history data, health information, or any other such category of personal information that are considered as sensitive personal information or special category of personal information under relevant privacy laws. For sensitive personal information, We obtain affirmative express consent from You if such information is to be disclosed to a third party or used for a purpose other than those for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by You through the exercise of opt-in choice. We treat as sensitive any personal information received from a third party where the third party identifies and treats it as sensitive; and.
Other personal information which You may provide Us or We may collect about You from You or third parties as part of the engagement with You or in order to engage with You.
How do We collect Your personal information?
We may collect Your personal information in various ways, which could either be directly from You or from third parties.
We may collect personal information directly from You at the time of registration for Our products and services, events that We sponsor or host, through forms You submit on Our website, blogs and other forums We host or manage, when You enter information on our Website or through cookies and other internet identifiers.
We may collect personal information about You from publicly available sources or third parties such as from our business partners, event organizers, platforms and other service providers, including from single sign-on services, database services and social media websites. In such cases, We rely on the third party’s commitment that You have authorized the disclosure of such personal information to Us.
On what basis do We collect Your personal information?
In most cases, We collect Your personal information on the basis of Your desire to avail a particular service from Us or engage with Us, including to complete a transaction using our platform. Therefore, our processing in many cases occurs on the basis of Your consent or the need to perform a contract or commitment that We may have with You. However, in addition to this, there are other bases on which We may collect or process Your personal information. These are as follows:
For compliance with legal obligations, including for business accounting and tax purposes such as in relation to record-keeping, compliance, disputes, and filings;
Legitimate interest, where We have assessed that it is beneficial to You and is in Our legitimate business interest.
Any other legal basis relevant to the specific personal information as permitted under applicable law.
What do We use Your personal information for?
We may use Your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide, improve and develop our products, services and Website:
This includes delivering our products and services to You, administering Your account, operating our Products and ensuring its availability, integrity and security, performance monitoring, debugging, administering our Website, processing payments from You, maintaining KYC details, preventing misuse of our products, services and websites or violation of terms, responding to Your service requests and queries, providing analytics or reports to You with respect to Your use of Our products and services, tracking renewals and Your subscription details, assessing Your business needs and proposing or demonstrating Our other suitable products, understanding Your usage patterns and behaviour within Our products and Websites, compiling statistical reports and insights on Your usage patterns and behaviour, develop new products and services, improve user experience and interface and for such other internal purposes to improve, enhance, support, develop and operate Our products, services, Websites and business.
To process registrations and complete transactions:
This includes processing Your personal information with respect to Our events, webinars, contests, blogs, community forums, and other programs that You register or sign-up for, such as to process any payments from You in relation to such registration or sign-up, reaching out to You with details of such registration or sign-up and enabling Your use of such registrations and sign-ups. It also includes completing any specific transactions for You have submitted any forms or information to Us, such as, to list You or Your product on Our marketplace, allowing You to download certain collaterals from our Website.
To comply with business and legal obligations:
This includes business accounting, tax, auditing, compliance, recordkeeping, legal functions, to consider and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcies, and other business transactions such as financings, preventing violation of laws and limiting Our damages, responding to and compliance with legal requests from administrative, judicial and other authorities and regulators, including Our obligation to screen prospective customers, customers, end customers and individuals for compliance with sanctions regulations, pursuing legal remedies, to respond to or disclose as part of judicial proceedings, arbitration and mediation.
To ensure security and for protection of rights:
To protect our products, services and business operations; to ensure safety and protect the rights and property of Chargebee or those of our stakeholders; to prevent and detect fraud, unauthorized activities and access, and other misuse; where We believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety or legal rights of any person or third party, or violations of our Terms of Service.
For sales and marketing activities:
This includes marketing communications, campaigns and drives to reach out to customers and potential customers, contextualizing and personalizing marketing content, sending product and organization updates and newsletters, sending rewards, incentives, gifts and vouchers, send information and updates to You pertaining to Your usage, publishing Your testimonials, comments or reviews from and on our Website, blogs and community forums, publishing case studies, blog posts and other marketing content, hosting webinars, events and other programs, taking and publishing photographs, videos and information about the events, showing personalized and behavioural advertisements and analyzing Your usage and behaviour patterns.
For business and research purposes:
This includes reaching out for and conducting surveys, setting up interviews, soliciting feedback, analysing usage and behaviour patterns, learning preferences and sending incentives.
For recruitment activities:
This includes evaluation for job openings, retaining information for future job opportunities and reaching out with respect to any job opportunities.
For other company initiatives:
This includes processing information in relation to CSR and community building initiatives, responsible disclosure policy or bug bounty program, and other specific initiatives and programs that We host or organize.
For cookies that We process, You may refer to our cookie policy for more details, which can be accessed in the section “How We use cookies” when You click the shield widget  available on the bottom left corner of our Website.
How do We protect Your information?
We implement a variety of security measures designed to help maintain the security of Your personal information when We process the same.
How long do We keep Your personal information?
We retain Your personal information for a period of time consistent with the purpose of collection and processing, as required to fulfill our legal obligations as well as for enforcing Our agreements. We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, whether We can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and any applicable legal requirements. For example, We will retain certain identifiers for as long as it is necessary to continue maintaining Your account and providing You our products and services, to comply with Our tax, accounting, and record-keeping obligations, to administer certain warranties, and for research, development, and safety purposes, as well as an additional period as necessary to protect, defend, or establish Our rights, defend against potential claims, and to comply with Our legal obligations.
Typically after expiry of the applicable retention periods, Your personal information will be deleted, unless such deletion is rendered impractical or unreasonably burdensome due technical or other reasons, including where it becomes technically impossible, data retained as part of automatic archiving and back-up procedures, In such cases where any information is retained, We will implement appropriate measures designed to prevent misuse of such information. In certain circumstances, We may anonymize Your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with You, in which case We may use such information without further notice to You.
Do We share Your information with third parties?
Yes, We may share Your information with third parties listed below for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice, subject to a lawful basis and in compliance with applicable laws  (including, as applicable, after providing You additional notice, or obtaining Your consent).
Our affiliates and companies We acquire in future:
They assist in provision of Our products and services as well as with other business needs and purposes.
Vendors and service providers:
They provide services to help us with our business activities such as research, analyzing Your usage patterns and behaviour and compiling insights, showing personalized advertisements, marketing, data enrichment, administration of events, compliance with laws, including screening prospective customers, customers, end customers and individuals in order to comply with sanctions regulations, preventing violation of laws, performance monitoring, product implementation and integrations, recruitment, and other business purposes.
Partners:
They assist in marketing outreach and other activities, sponsor events, product integration and other strategic initiatives. We may disclose Your personal information to Partners for their marketing outreach where You have consented to such disclosure, for identifying common customers to assess Your business needs and propose suitable products and for other joint-initiatives.
Auditors, accountants, lawyers and other professional advisers:
They assist us in compliance with accounting and other business requirements, advise on various legal aspects, prevent violation of law and ensure compliance with law.
Investors, insurance companies and financial institutions:
We may disclose Your information to potential investors if We are involved in any merger, acquisitions, asset purchase or corporate restructuring, to current investors as part of reporting, and to financial institutions in case We seek any financial assistance or as part of any KYC requirements.
Regulators, law enforcement authorities and courts:
We may disclose Your information to regulators and law enforcement authorities in case of any request from them for information or where necessary to protect You, third parties or Our rights, and to court or as part of judicial proceedings, arbitration or other dispute resolution mechanism, including to enforce our agreements and claim remedies available to us.
Do We transfer any information across borders?
We may process Your personal information in the countries where We are located, including the United States, European Union, India, Australia or any other country where our vendors, service providers, partners and other third parties listed above are located, which may or may not be subject to an adequacy decision for the purposes of General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679). However, when We transfer Your personal information across borders of countries, We will ensure that it is subject to lawful basis and is transferred in compliance with applicable laws, such as execution of Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers from EEA, International Data Transfer Addendum for transfers from UK. We will take reasonable measures to ensure that Your personal information is subject to appropriate safeguards.
Certification under EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Data Privacy Framework
Chargebee complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Chargebee has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to (a) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles), with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF; and  (b) Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view Our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
When Chargebee transfers personal data as a data controller to a third party acting as an agent on Our behalf, We shall remain liable under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, as applicable, if any third party that We share Your information with processes Your information in a manner inconsistent with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF EU-U.S. DPF Principles, unless We prove that We are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Chargebee commits to
(a) Resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of Your personal data. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Us at
privacy@chargebee.com
. The contact details of Our EU representative is provided under the ‘Contact Us’ section below.
(b) Cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) (and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA)) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Chargebee’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain circumstances, We may be required to disclose personal data in response to the lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
An EU, UK or Swiss individual has the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms (additional information can be found in
Annex I to the DPF
).
What Rights do You have?
Depending on the data protection law that applies to You, You may have certain rights relating to Your personal information, such as:
Right to access Your personal information held by Us;
Right to rectify inaccurate or complete any incomplete personal information;
Right to erase or delete Your personal information;
Right to object or restrict Our processing of Your personal information in specific circumstances, including to opt-out of marketing communications, opt-out of disclosure of Your personal information to third parties to the extent such third party is not acting as an agent to perform tasks on behalf of and under Our instructions, and where applicable, opt-out of use of Your personal information for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by You;
Right to receive personal information provided concerning You that You have provided to Us or transfer such information to another entity in a structured, commonly accepted, and machine-readable format; and
Right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects or similarly significantly affects You.
California and Virginia specific rights are provided below.
How can You exercise Your rights?
In order to exercise Your rights, You may contact us on the email address set forth in the ‘Contact Us’ section below with details of the right You intend to exercise, the details or nature of personal information with respect to which You intend to exercise the right, where known, Your location and where known, the law under which You are exercising this right. Alternatively, You may submit a request
here
. In certain cases, We might require additional information from You in order to address Your request or to verify Your identity. We will look into Your requests and respond within the timelines prescribed under applicable law. Occasionally, taking into account the nature of the request We receive, We might, to the extent permitted under applicable law and subject to conditions therein, either seek for additional time or reject Your request. In such cases, We endeavor to keep You informed.
In cases where You object to or opt-out of certain types of processing, We will retain Your personal information to the extent required to ensure We do not reach out to You or process Your information for such purposes, such as adding it to an opt-out or do-not-disturb list.
Where We have made available specific ways to opt-out of certain communications and processing, We encourage You to exercise Your rights using such specified ways, such as,
For cookies, You can opt-out by selecting Your preferences in the  shield widget available on the bottom left corner of our Website. While You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, choosing to disable certain cookies may limit Your use of certain features or functions on our Website, product or services.
For marketing communications that You receive from Us or on our behalf, We encourage You to exercise Your opt-out using the ‘unsubscribe’ or by unsubscribing
here
or similar option provided in such marketing communication. Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt You out of receiving communications related to any existing relationship with Us, such as communications about products and services You have subscribed to, such as maintenance, downtimes, security information and about events and programs You have registered or opted in for.
For exercising Your rights as a user of Our products and services, You may exercise Your rights using the various functionalities available to You in Your use of the products and services, including by updating Your settings, preferences and profile information within Your account.
What information do We not control?
Third Party links
: In certain cases, We may include links to third party websites and products. These third party websites and products have separate and independent terms and privacy policies. Since We neither own or control such websites and products, We are not responsible or liable  for the content and activities of these websites or products. Nonetheless, We seek to protect the integrity of Our Website and welcome any feedback about these links.
Blogs:
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs. The comments on our blog may be managed by a third party application that may require You to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog comments. You will need to contact or login into the third party application if You want Your personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party application uses Your information, please review their privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice to reflect changes to Our privacy practices. If We make any material changes adversely affecting Your rights, We will notify You by means of a notice or banner on this website prior to the change becoming effective, or where You are a customer of Chargebee, by sending communication to the email address to an administrator of Your account, or an email address associated with Your account, or through an in-app banner or notification. We encourage You to periodically review this page for the latest information on Our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Notice, the privacy practices of this website or Your engagement with Us, You may contact us using the information below:
CHARGEBEE INC.
909 Rose Avenue, Suite 950, North Bethesda, MD 20852
privacy@chargebee.com
Contact details of the EU representative:
CHARGEBEE B.V.
Piet Heinkade 55
1019GM Amsterdam
Netherlands
privacy@chargebee.com
California and Virginia specific rights and provisions
This section provides additional details about the personal information We collect about consumers resident in California and Virginia and sets forth such consumers' rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CCPA), and the Virginia residents under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA). For avoidance of doubt, this section applies only to California and Virginia residents and their personal information We collect as a Business (as defined in the CCPA and VCDPA). This section does not address or apply to our handling of personal information that is exempt under the CCPA or VCDPA.
1. Collection of Personal Information.
The categories of personal information We have collected in the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date and that We may collect include :
Identifiers;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information;
Professional or employment-related information;
Education information;
Inferences drawn from any of the above; and
Sensitive personal information (social security number, state identification card, passport number, geolocation data, government identification, biometric information for identification, criminal history data, health information).
2. Purposes of Collection
. We collect this personal information for the following business purposes, as more thoroughly described in the "
What do We use Your personal information for?
" section above:.
To provide, improve and develop our products, services and Website
To process registrations and complete transactions
To comply with business and legal obligations
To ensure security and for protection of rights
For sales and marketing activities
For business and research purposes
For recruitment activities
For other company initiatives
3. Disclosure of Personal Information.
We have disclosed the categories of personal information listed in clause 1 above for a business purpose in the twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice and may disclose such personal information to service providers, contractors or other third parties who support our business.
4. Sale and Sharing of Personal Information.
While we do not “sell” personal information in the traditional sense (i.e., for money), we may be considered as “selling” and “sharing” personal information through our use of third-party analytics and advertising cookies. In the twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, We have sold/shared (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of personal information to facilitate our advertising efforts:
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your interaction with our website and services (via the use of third-party cookies and similar tools).
Additionally, we do not and will not sell personal information if we have actual knowledge that a consumer is less than 16 years of age. We do not have actual knowledge that we “sell” or “share” information from individuals under 16 years of age. To exercise your right to opt-out of sale/sharing, please see below.
Right to opt out:  You have the right to opt-out of “sales” and “sharing” of your personal information, as those terms are defined under the CCPA. To exercise your right to opt-out of the “selling” or “sharing” of Your personal information, please select Your preferences in the    shield widget available on the bottom left corner of our Website. Please note that submitting an opt-out request will only opt You out of sharing data with third parties that may be considered “sales” under CCPA, but it will not opt-out of sharing data with Our service providers.
We may also disclose some of Your personal information described above for business purposes to the third parties listed in "
Do We share Your information with Third Parties?
" section above.
5. Deidentification of Personal Information
.
Occasionally, we may deidentify personal information and use the deidentified information for our internal purposes. We commit to maintaining and using this information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information except to determine whether our deidentification process is effective.
6. Your Rights
Rights of the residents of the State of California :
You have certain rights, subject to certain limitations under applicable law, with respect to Your personal information, including:
a.  With respect to personal information collected about You in the twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice but collected after January 1, 2022, right to request for:
The categories of personal information We collected about You;
The categories of sources from which We collected that information;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that information;
The categories of third parties with whom We shared that information; and
The specific pieces of personal information We collected about You.
b.  The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information collected
c.   The right to request deletion of Your personal information held by the Us or by Our service provider, contractor, or any other third party We have disclosed personal information to. We shall hold a confidential record of all deletion requests for the purpose of preventing the selling of such personal information for which You have submitted a deletion request;
d.  The right to "opt out" of any sale or sharing of personal information (as defined in the CCPA), if such sale or sharing occurs.
e.   The right to request the transfer of specific pieces of personal information to any other entity.
f. The right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information in specific instances as set forth in CCPA.
g.   The right not to be discriminated against for exercising Your rights under CCPA.
Your Privacy Rights Under the California Shine the Light
California residents who provide Us certain personal information are entitled to request and obtain from us, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) We have shared with third parties for their own direct marketing use. Such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third-party sharing in the prior calendar year. You can submit a “Shine the Light” request by using the contact information under “Contact Us.” Please include in Your request a current California address and Your attestation that You are a California resident.
Do Not Track
Kindly note, some web browsers and mobile operating systems offer a “Do Not Track” setting that You can activate to signal Your preference not to have information about Your online browsing activities monitored and collected. Currently, Our Website, products and services do not recognize “Do Not Track” signals.
Rights for the residents of the Commonwealth of Virginia:
You have certain rights, subject to certain limitations under applicable law, with respect to Your personal data, including
a.   The right to confirm whether We are processing the personal information collected and the right to access such personal information.
b.  The right to correct inaccuracies in the personal data collected taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information
c.   The right to request the deletion of personal information provided by or obtained from You;
d.  The right to request the deletion of personal information collected from sources other than You. We shall comply with such a request by either (i) retaining a record of the deletion request and the minimum information necessary for the purpose of ensuring Your personal information remains deleted from the business’s records and not using such retained information for any other purpose pursuant to this Section or (ii) opting You out of the processing of such personal information for any purpose except those exempted by the Virginia Data Protection Act;
e.   The right to request the transfer of the personal information collected to another controller in a technically feasible and readily usable format;
f.The right to opt-out of the processing of the personal information for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal information, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning You.
California and Virginia consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA and VCDPA respectively by contacting us at
ccpa@chargebee.com
or
via
mail to our postal address set forth above. We will verify Your request using the information associated with Your account, so please raise the request using the e-mail address associated with Your account. We will let You know if We need additional information to verify Your identity, such as Your Government identification. We shall not disclose further the personal information collected for verification of a consumer’s request or retain it longer than it is necessary for the purpose of verification.
If We are unable to verify Your identity after a good faith attempt, We may deny the request and, if so, We will explain the basis for the denial. Consumers may also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf. Authorized agents must provide us sufficient verification in their first communication with Us of their legal ability to submit a request on the consumer’s behalf. Businesses acting as authorized agents must provide both (1) a certificate of good standing with its state of organization, and (2) a written authorization signed by the California resident. Individuals acting as authorized agents must provide either (1) a notarized power of attorney signed by the California resident, or (2) a written authorization signed by the California resident expressly authorizing the individual to act on their behalf. For security reasons, We reserve the right to reject requests from authorized agents who do not fulfill these requirements to protect the personal information of the individual in question.
7. Where We are a service provider.
We may also act as a service provider (as the term is defined in the CCPA). When We act as a service provider, including by providing our services to another company that You interact with, We follow the instructions of the company that engaged us as a service provider and You should directly contact that company if You have any questions or would like more details on how Your personal information is processed by that company.
PRIVACY POLICY
What personal information do We collect about You?
How do We collect Your personal information?
On what basis do We collect Your personal information?
What do We use Your personal information for?
How do We protect Your information?
How long do We keep Your personal information?
Do We share Your information with third parties?
Do We transfer any information across borders?
What Rights do You have?
How can You exercise Your rights?
What information do We not control?
Changes to our Privacy Notice
Contact Us
California and Virginia specific rights and provisions
+
Subscribe to the best subscription and revenue growth news, trends, and insights delivered straight to your inbox.
Sub-policy 9
https://explore.zoom.us/en/privacy/:
Zoom Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement describes the personal data we collect and/or process (which may include collecting, organizing, structuring, storing, using, or disclosing) to provide products and services offered directly by Zoom Communications, Inc. (“Zoom”), including Zoom’s websites, its meetings, webinars, and messaging platform, related collaborative features, and Zoom App Marketplace (“Zoom products and services” or “products and services”). Zoom products and services covered in this Privacy Statement do not include products or services developed by Zoom that are covered under a separate privacy policy (including those listed
here
). California residents, please see our
California Privacy Notice at Collection
, and
California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights sections
.
What Personal Data Do We Receive?
How Do We Use Personal Data?
How Do We Share Personal Data?
Who Can See, Share, and Process My Personal Data When I Join Meetings and
Use Other Zoom Products and Services?
Privacy Rights and Choices
Children
How to Contact Us
Retention
European Data Protection Specific Information
California & Other U.S. States Notice at Collection
California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights
Changes to This Privacy Statement
What Personal Data Do We Receive?
Personal data is any information from or about an identified or identifiable person, including information that Zoom can associate with an individual person. We may collect, or process on behalf of our customers, the following categories of personal data when you use or interact with Zoom products and services:
Account Information
: Information associated with an account that licenses Zoom products and services, which may include administrator name, contact information, account ID, billing and transaction information, and account plan information.
Profile and Participant Information:
Information associated with the Zoom profile of a user who uses Zoom products and services under a licensed account or that is provided by an unlicensed participant joining a meeting, which may include name, display name, picture, email address, phone number, job information, stated locale, user ID, or other information provided by the user and/or their account owner.
Contact Information
: Contact information added by accounts and/or their licensed end users to create contact lists on Zoom products and services, which may include contact information a user integrates from a third-party app, or provided by users to process referral invitations.
Settings
: Information associated with the preferences and settings on a Zoom account or user profile, which may include audio and video settings, recording file location, screen sharing settings, and other settings and configuration information.
Registration Information
: Information provided when registering for a Zoom meeting, webinar, Zoom Room, or recording, which may include name and contact information, responses to registration questions, and other registration information requested by the host.
Device Information
: Information about the computers, phones, and other devices used when interacting with Zoom products and services, which may include information about the speakers, microphone, camera, OS version, hard disk ID, PC name, MAC address, IP address (which may be used to infer general location at a city or country level), device attributes (like operating system version and battery level), WiFi information, and other device information (like Bluetooth signals).
Content and Context from Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, and Other Collaborative Features:
Content generated in meetings, webinars, or messages that are hosted on Zoom products and services (“Customer Content”), which may include audio, video, in-meeting messages, in-meeting and out-of-meeting whiteboards, chat messaging content, transcriptions, transcript edits and recommendations, responses to account owner / host-sponsored post-meeting or webinar feedback requests, responses to polls and Q&A, and files, as well as related context, such as invitation details, meeting or chat name, or meeting agenda. Customer Content may contain your voice and image, depending on the account owner’s settings, what you choose to share, your settings, and what you do on Zoom products and services. As referenced below, Zoom employees do not access or use Customer Content without the authorization of the hosting account owner, or as required for legal, safety, or security reasons.
Usage Information Regarding Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, Collaborative Features and the Website:
Information about how people and their devices interact with Zoom products and services, such as: when participants join and leave a meeting; whether participants sent messages and who they message with; performance data; mouse movements, clicks, keystrokes or actions (such as mute/unmute or video on/off), edits to transcript text, where authorized by the account owner and other inputs that help Zoom to understand feature usage, improve product design, and suggest features; which third-party apps are added to a meeting or other product or service and what information and actions the app is authorized to access and perform; use of third-party apps and the Zoom App Marketplace; features used (such as screen sharing, emojis, or filters); and other usage information and metrics. This also includes information about when and how people visit and interact with Zoom’s websites, including what pages are accessed, interaction with website features including Zoom’s website’s virtual chat feature, and whether or not the person signed up for a Zoom product or service.
Limited Information from Zoom Email and Calendar Services:
“Zoom Email” refers to Zoom’s native email service and emails sent from Zoom’s native email service. Zoom Email is designed to be end-to-end encrypted by Zoom by default for emails sent and received directly between active Zoom Email users. Support for end-to-end encryption requires Zoom Email users to have added a device to their Zoom Email account with the associated email address and to use a supported Zoom client. When an email is end-to-end encrypted, only the users, and, depending on their settings, account owners, or designated account administrators control the encryption key and therefore access to the email content, including body text, subject line, attachments and custom labels applied to messages by users in their inboxes. Emails sent to or received from non-Zoom Email users are encrypted after the email is sent or received from Zoom’s servers, if the Zoom Email user chooses to send them with encryption. In all cases, Zoom does have access to email metadata used for basic email delivery—specifically, email addresses in the from, to, cc, and bcc fields, time, mimeID, and the number and size of attachments. From use of Zoom’s native calendar service, Zoom receives information regarding meeting invitations, body text, sender and recipients, and other calendar information.
Content from Third-Party Integrations:
Account owners and/or their licensed end users can access emails, calendars, files and other information from third-party services through their Zoom client, if they choose to integrate them. This information is not end-to-end encrypted by Zoom, but Zoom employees do not access the contents of third-party-service email, calendar entries, files or other information, unless authorized to, or required for legal, safety, or security reasons. If account owners and/or their licensed end users integrate their third-party emails, calendars, files and/or other information  with products and services offered or powered by Zoom. Zoom may collect or process Customer Content and email, calendar, files and other information, including content, headers, titles, and metadata, from such third-party services.
Communications with Zoom:
Information about, and contents of, your communications with Zoom, including relating to support questions, website virtual chats, your account, feedback provided by users to Zoom about Zoom’s products and services (which is owned by Zoom), and other inquiries.
Information from Partners
: Zoom obtains information about account owners and their users from third-party companies, such as market data enrichment services, including information about an account owner’s company size or industry, contact information, or activity of certain enterprise domains. Zoom may also obtain information from third-party advertising partners that deliver ads displayed on Zoom products and services, such as whether you clicked on an ad they showed you.
In certain jurisdictions, some of the personal data Zoom receives may be considered sensitive. Please see “California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights” for more information.
How Do We Use Personal Data?
Zoom employees do not access or use Customer Content including meeting, webinar, messaging, or email content (specifically, audio, video, files, in-meeting whiteboards, messaging, or email contents), or any content generated or shared as part of other collaborative features (such as out-of-meeting whiteboards), unless authorized by the account owner hosting the Zoom product or service where the Customer Content was generated, or as required for legal, safety, or security reasons.
Zoom does not use any of your audio, video, chat, screen sharing, attachments or other communications-like Customer Content (such as poll results, whiteboard and reactions) to train Zoom’s or its third-party artificial intelligence models.
As discussed below, and where technically feasible, Zoom uses personal data to conduct the following activities:
Provide Zoom Products and Services:
To provide products and services to account owners, their licensed end users, and those they invite to join meetings and webinars hosted on their accounts, including to customize Zoom products and services and recommendations for accounts of their users. Zoom also uses personal data to determine what products and services may be available in your location, and uses personal data, including contact information, to route invitations, messages, or Zoom Emails to recipients when users send or receive invitations, messages, or Zoom Emails using Zoom products and services. This may also include using personal data for customer support, which may include accessing audio, video, files, messages, and other content or context, including information you provide through Zoom’s website’s virtual chat feature, at the direction of the account owner or their users. We also use personal data to manage our relationships and contracts with account owners and others, including billing, compliance with contractual obligations, facilitating payment to third-party developers in relation to purchases made through the Zoom App Marketplace, and related administration.
Local Device Video Features: If you elect to enable certain video features, if available in your area, such as filters, studio effects, avatars, and gestures, information about your movements or the positioning of your face or hands may be processed on your device to apply the selected features. Such data does not leave your device, is not retained, cannot be used to identify you, and is only used to generate the selected effects.
Enhanced Video Features: If your account owner or administrator and you elect to enable “automatic smart name tags,” and you provide the requisite consent and a reference photo, Zoom may analyze your facial geometry and features from the reference photo you submit and video from the Zoom Room to identify you and tag you by name in the Zoom Room during your meeting. Zoom will store and use your reference photo and data about your facial geometry and features for this purpose while your account owner or administrator and you have this feature enabled. You can disable the automatic smart name tags feature and delete this data any time in your Settings. Zoom will retain this data for this purpose until and unless you choose to delete this data or for up to three years after your last interaction with Zoom.
Enhanced Audio Features: If you elect to enable enhanced audio features, such as personalized audio isolation or automatic smart speaker tags, and provide the requisite consent, Zoom may analyze your voice and create a voiceprint to enhance your audio quality (such as suppressing background noise) and/or to identify you by name. To do this, Zoom may generate your voiceprint from a recording of your voice (if you upload it for this purpose) and/or from meetings that you participate in. Zoom will store and use your voiceprint and reference audio recording for these purposes while you have features that use your voiceprint enabled. You can disable these features and delete this data any time in your Settings. Zoom will retain this data for this purpose until and unless you choose to disable these features and delete this data or for up to three years after your last interaction with Zoom.
Intelligent Features: Zoom provides intelligent features and products to its customers, their licensed end users and guests, such as Zoom AI or other tools to recommend chat, email, or other content, including content from third-party integrations. These tools may use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other technology to process Customer Content and context solely to provide the intelligent features.
Product Research and Development:
If authorized by any applicable settings, to develop, test, and improve Zoom products and services, and to troubleshoot products and services.
Zoom does not use any of your audio, video, chat, screen sharing, attachments or other communications-like Customer Content (such as poll results, whiteboard and reactions) to train Zoom’s or its third-party artificial intelligence models.
Marketing and Promotions:
If authorized by any applicable settings, to permit Zoom and/or its third party marketing partners to market, advertise, and promote Zoom products and services, including based on your product usage, information we receive from third-party partners, information you provide to process referral invitations, or if you visit our websites, information about how and when you visit, and your interactions with them. We may also use this information to provide advertisements to you relating to Zoom products and services or to engage third party partners to analyze your interactions on our website or app or to deliver advertising to you. Zoom does not use Customer Content for any marketing or promotions.
Authentication, Integrity, Security, and Safety:
To authenticate accounts and activity, detect, investigate, and prevent malicious conduct, fraudulent activity or unsafe experiences, address security threats, protect public safety, and secure Zoom products and services. Zoom uses advanced tools to automatically scan certain types of content such as virtual backgrounds, profile images, incoming emails to Zoom’s native email service from someone who is not a Zoom Email user, and files uploaded or exchanged through chat, for the purpose detecting and preventing violations of our terms or policies and illegal or other harmful activity.
Communicate with You:
We use personal data (including contact information, and information you provide through Zoom’s website’s virtual chat feature, including the content of the messages) to communicate with you about Zoom products and services, including product updates, your account, and changes to our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
Legal Reasons:
To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or government agencies, to investigate or participate in civil discovery, litigation, or other adversarial legal proceedings, protect you, us, and others from fraudulent, malicious, deceptive, abusive, or unlawful activities, and to enforce or investigate potential violations of our Terms of Service or policies.
How Do We Share Personal Data?
Zoom provides personal data to third parties only with consent or in one of the following circumstances (subject to your prior consent where required under applicable law):
Resellers:
If an account owner licensed or purchased Zoom products and services from a third-party reseller of Zoom products and services, the reseller may be able to access personal data and content for users, including meetings, webinars, and messages hosted by the account owner.
Vendors:
Zoom works with third-party service providers to provide, support, and improve Zoom products and services and technical infrastructure, and for business services such as payment processing, including in relation to purchases made through the Zoom App Marketplace. Zoom may also work with third-party service providers to provide advertisements and business analytics regarding Zoom products and services. These vendors can access personal data subject to contractual and technical requirements for protecting personal data and prohibiting them from using personal data for any purpose other than to provide services to Zoom or as required by law. Zoom may integrate third-party technology to provide advanced features, such as Apple’s TrueDepth technology, to process information on your device about your face or hand dimensions and gestures to provide video effects. This information is processed on your device, and such information is neither received nor stored by either the third party, or Zoom.
For Legal Reasons:
Zoom may share personal data as needed to: (1) comply with applicable law or respond to, investigate, or participate in valid legal process and proceedings, including from law enforcement or government agencies; (2) enforce or investigate potential violations of its Terms of Service or policies; (3) detect, prevent, or investigate potential fraud, abuse, or safety and security concerns, including threats to the public; (4) meet our corporate and social responsibility commitments; (5) protect our and our customers’ rights and property; and (6) resolve disputes and enforce agreements.
Marketing, Advertising, and Analytics Partners:
Zoom uses third-party marketing, advertising, and analytics providers: to provide statistics and analysis about how people are using Zoom products and services, including our website; and to provide advertising and marketing for Zoom products and services, including targeted advertising based on your use of our website. These third-party partners may receive information about your activities on Zoom’s website through third-party cookies placed on Zoom’s website. To opt out of our use of third-party cookies that share data with these partners, visit our cookie management tool, available in
Cookies Settings
. Where required by law, Zoom will first obtain your consent before engaging in the marketing or advertising activities described.
Corporate Affiliates:
Zoom shares personal information with corporate affiliates, such as Zoom Voice Communications, Inc., to provide integrated and consistent experiences across Zoom products and services (such as enabling an account owner or their user to integrate a Zoom Phone call into a meeting) and to detect, investigate, and prevent fraud, abuse, and threats to public safety.
Change of Control:
We may share personal data with actual or prospective acquirers, their representatives and other relevant participants in, or during negotiations of, any sale, merger, acquisition, restructuring, or change in control involving all or a portion of Zoom’s business or assets, including in connection with bankruptcy or similar proceedings.
Third-Party Developers:
If you purchase a third-party app or integration from the Zoom App Marketplace, Zoom may share information about the purchase with the third-party developer, to provide the app or integration.
Who Can See, Share, and Process My Personal Data When I Join Meetings and Use Other Zoom Products and Services?
When you send messages or join meetings and webinars or use other collaborative features on Zoom, other people and organizations, including third parties outside the meeting, webinar, message, or other collaborative features, may be able to see, share, and process content and information that you share:
Account Owner:
An account owner is the organization or individual that signs up for a Zoom account. Typically, an account owner designates one or more people (called an “administrator”) to manage their account and can grant privileges to users on the account. Depending on their license with Zoom, the account owner can authorize additional users on their account, and the account owner can create and/or access the profile information for all users on their account. The account owner and their users can invite others (including guests not on their account and unlicensed participants) to meetings or webinars hosted on their account. Zoom gives account owners controls and features that they can use to determine whether certain types of content, such as recordings or Zoom Team Chat messages, can be created or sent, and what third-party apps can be used, for meetings and webinars hosted on their account. Depending on their settings, account owners and the users they designate can access personal data for participants who join meetings and webinars on their account or send messages to users on their account. Account owners may also be able to determine what information Zoom and others can access and use. Specifically, account owners may have access to:
Account Usage:
Product Usage:
Information about how users and their devices interact with their account, which may include who sent messages to their users in chat, email addresses, IP addresses, device information, and other information about who joined meetings or webinars on their account, whether their users viewed or downloaded a recording, how long participants participated in their meetings, the time a message was sent, information about integrations, and other usage information and feedback metrics.
Participant List:
Information about the participants in a Zoom meeting, webinar, or chat, which may include name, display name, email address, phone number, and participant or user ID.
Registration Information:
Information provided during registration for a webinar, meeting, Zoom Room, or recording hosted by the account.
Zoom Team Chat and Out-of-Meeting Collaborations:
If enabled on their account, account owners and those they authorize can see information about who sent and received Zoom Team Chat messages, including synced in-meeting messages (e.g., from a dedicated meeting group chat that is synced with Zoom Team Chat), to users on their account, along with information about the message (for example, date and time, and number of members or participants). Depending on their settings, account owners also can see sender and receiver information, and other messaging data, along with the content of messages sent to and from users on their account (including from in-meeting chat where dedicated meeting group chats are enabled), unless the account owner has enabled
Advanced Chat Encryption
. Depending on their settings, account owners and those they authorize may also see the content shared through collaborative features, including whiteboards, files, and images shared in Zoom Team Chat.
In-Meeting/Webinar Messages:
Depending on their settings, account owners can see sender and receiver information, along with the content of messages sent to and from users on their account, in the following circumstances:
Messages sent to Everyone in a meeting that is recorded
Messages sent to the meeting group chat in a meeting when a dedicated meeting group chat is enabled
Messages sent to panelists in a webinar that is recorded
Messages sent in dedicated meeting group chats in Team Chat
Direct messages if the account owner has enabled archiving
If a participant in a meeting is subject to archiving, their account owner will have access to messages sent to Everyone in the meeting, as well as direct messages sent to that participant. If a participant who is a member of a dedicated meeting group chat is subject to archiving, the member’s account owner will have access to the meeting group chat messages, as well as direct messages sent to that member. If a guest in a meeting with a dedicated meeting group chat is subject to archiving, the guest’s account owner will have access to messages sent to the meeting group chat, as well as direct messages sent to that guest.
Recordings and Transcripts:
Account owners can view and share the recordings and transcripts of meetings and webinars hosted on their account. Account owners may be able to view and share content generated by intelligent features that use the recording or transcript.
Other Collaborative Feature Content (e.g., Zoom Email, Zoom Calendar, Zoom Docs, Clips, Whiteboard, Notes, Polls, Q&A, Feedback, ):
Depending on their settings, account owners and designated account administrators can access content hosted on their account. For example, depending on their settings, account owners and designated account administrators can access email and calendar content sent to and from users on their Zoom Email or Zoom Calendar accounts, even if those Zoom Emails are encrypted. In addition, account owners can see information about who provided responses to their polls, Q&A, or post-meeting or webinar feedback requests, including name and contact information, together with the responses or feedback, unless responses are submitted anonymously.
Meeting Hosts, Participants, and Invitees:
Meeting hosts, participants, and invitees may be able to see your email, display name, profile picture, and presence status, including in Zoom meetings and in Zoom’s native calendar service. Meeting hosts, participants, and invitees can also see and (depending on the account owner’s settings) record, save, and share meeting content, audio transcripts, messages sent to Everyone, messages sent to meeting group chats (where enabled, and whether sent in Team Chat or in-meeting), or messages sent to them directly, and files, whiteboards or other information shared with them (including during a meeting, or through a dedicated meeting group chat). Meeting hosts may also share meeting assets to Zoom Team Chat, depending on their account owner’s settings. Meeting hosts may also be able to see responses to Q&A and polls generated during the meeting.
Zoom Email, Calendar and Zoom Team Chat Recipients:
Recipients of Zoom Emails and Zoom Calendar invites can see, save, and share your email and calendar content with others, including by sharing emails to Zoom Team Chat. If a recipient shares encrypted content with others, for example, by sharing an encrypted Zoom Email to Zoom Team Chat, or forwarding an encrypted Zoom Email to a third-party recipient without a Zoom Email account, the shared or forwarded content will not be end-to-end encrypted by Zoom. Recipients of Zoom Team Chats can see your messages, reactions, emojis, and related content, including content from Zoom Emails, Zoom Calendar, and emails from third-party services integrated in the Zoom client, that you or a third-party choose to share to Zoom Team Chat, and in-meeting messages that participants send that are synced with Zoom Team Chat through dedicated meeting group chats. Depending on the account owner’s settings, Zoom Team Chat recipients may record, save, or share your messages.
Webinar Panelists and Attendees:
Only panelists may be visible to attendees during a webinar, but attendees who agree to unmute can be heard by other attendees. If an attendee agrees to become a panelist during a webinar, they may be visible to other attendees, depending on settings. Panelists and attendees may be able to see the name of a participant who asks a question during a Q&A, along with their question, unless the participant submits the question anonymously.
Intelligent Features:
Users may be able to access, based on underlying permissions, customer content and context from meetings, webinars, messaging, and other collaborative features through their use of intelligent features.
Livestreams:
Meeting and webinar hosts can choose to livestream to a third-party site or service, which means anyone with access to the livestream will be able to see the meeting or webinar.
Apps and Integrations:
Account owners can choose to add Zoom-developed apps and third-party apps to their account and the Zoom products they use, including via use of the Zoom App Marketplace, and they can also control whether their users can add and use specific Zoom and third-party apps, including in meetings, webinars, and chats hosted on their account.
Account owners can also choose to integrate other content from third-party services – such as third-party email communications, calendar entries, files and other information – with apps and services that they use.
Depending on their settings, account owners’, users’ and guests’ personal data and content may be shared with apps and integrations, including Zoom-developed apps, approved by account owners, which may include all of the personal data categories listed above, such as account information, profile and contact information, registration information, participants list, settings, content, product usage, device information, or third-party emails that have been shared with the app.
Other participants in the meeting may be able to see the app that you are using in a meeting, if the app is receiving content (including audio and video) from the meeting.
Third-party developers may also integrate or embed Zoom meetings into their website or app experiences or build versions of Zoom that enable access to Zoom products from a third-party app.
Personal information shared by account owners and users with third-party apps and integrations is collected and processed in accordance with the app developers’ terms and privacy policies, not Zoom’s.
Privacy Rights and Choices
Marketing Communications
If you don’t want to learn about products and services we or our partners offer, you can opt-out of marketing communications in the communication sent to you (for example, via email or SMS), or by emailing
privacy@zoom.us
. Not all of our communications are for marketing, and you’ll continue to receive messages related to your products and services, such as bills, transactional notices, or customer service. Zoom will not share any mobile data originating from you through a text messaging campaign except with your consent or as necessary to provide you communications about our services or services that you requested.
Data Rights
If you are in the
European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, or the UK
, or a resident of
California or another U.S. state
with an applicable privacy law, please refer to the respective dedicated sections below. Otherwise, at your request, and as required by applicable law, we will:
Inform you of what personal data we have about you that is under our control;
Amend or correct such personal data or any previous privacy preferences you selected, or direct you to
applicable tools; and/or
Delete such personal data or direct you to applicable tools.
In order to exercise any of your rights as to personal data controlled by Zoom, please click
here
. Where legally permitted, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, or jeopardize the privacy of others. As an account owner or a user under a licensed account, you may also take steps to affect your personal data by visiting your account and modifying your personal data directly.
Children
Zoom does not allow children under the age of 16 to sign up for a Zoom account.
For educational organizations that use Zoom products and services to provide educational services to children under 18, Zoom’s Children’s Educational Privacy Statement is available
here
.
How to Contact Us
To exercise your rights, please click
here
. If you have any privacy-related questions or comments related to this Privacy Statement, please send an email to
privacy@zoom.us
.
You can also contact us by writing to the following address:
Zoom Communications, Inc.
Attention: Data Protection Officer
55 Almaden Blvd, Suite 600
San Jose, CA 95113
Or to our representative in the EU or UK:
Lionheart Squared (Europe) Limited
Attn: Data Privacy
2 Pembroke House
Upper Pembroke Street 28-32
Dublin
DO2 EK84
Republic of lreland
email:
zoom@LionheartSquared.eu
Lionheart Squared Limited
Attn: Data Privacy
17 Glasshouse Studios
Fryern Court Road
Fordingbridge
Hampshire
SP6 1QX
United Kingdom
Contact:
zoom@LionheartSquared.co.uk
You can contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to
privacy@zoom.us
.
Retention
We retain personal data for as long as required to engage in the uses described in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods include the following:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide Zoom products and services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using our products);
Whether account owners modify or their users delete information through their accounts;
Whether we have a legal obligation to keep the data (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to the enforcement of our agreements, the resolution of disputes, and applicable statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigation).
European Data Protection Specific Information
Data Subjects Rights
If you are in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, your rights in relation to your personal data processed by us as a controller specifically include:
Right of access and/or portability
: You have the right to access any personal data that we hold about you and, in some circumstances, have that data provided to you so that you can provide or “port” that data to another provider;
Right of erasure
: In certain circumstances, you have the right to the erasure of personal data that we hold about you (for example, if it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was originally collected);
Right to object to processing
: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we stop processing your personal data and/or stop sending you marketing communications;
Right to rectification
: You have the right to require us to correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal data;
Right to restrict processing
: You have the right to request that we restrict processing of your personal data in certain circumstances (for example, where you believe that the personal data we hold about you is not accurate or lawfully held).
To exercise your rights, please click
here
. If you have any other questions about our use of your personal data, please send a request at the contact details specified in the
How to Contact Us
section of this Privacy Statement. Please note that we may request you to provide us with additional information in order to confirm your identity and ensure that you are entitled to access the relevant personal data.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to a data protection authority. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
We only use your information in a lawful, transparent, and fair manner. Depending on the specific personal data concerned and the factual context, when Zoom processes personal data as a controller for individuals in regions such as the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK, we rely on the following legal bases as applicable in your jurisdiction:
As necessary for our contract:
When we enter into a contract directly with you, we process your personal data on the basis of our contract in order to prepare and enter into the contract, as well as to perform and manage our contract (i.e., providing Zoom products and services, features and services to account owners, their users, and those they invite to join meetings and webinars hosted on their accounts, and manage our relationship and contract, including billing, compliance with contractual obligations, and related administration). If we do not process your personal data for these purposes, we may not be able to provide you with all products and services;
Consistent with specific revocable consents:
We rely on your prior consent in order to utilize cookies to engage advertising and analytics partners to deliver tailored advertising and analysis of our website usage. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by visiting our cookie management tool, available Cookies Settings;
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations:
We process your personal data to comply with the legal obligations to which we are subject for the purposes of compliance with EEA laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules applicable to us, and for responses to requests from, and other communications with, competent EEA public, governmental, judicial, or other regulatory authorities. This includes detecting, investigating, preventing, and stopping fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, or illegal activity (“fraud and abuse detection”) and compliance with privacy laws;
To protect your vital interests or those of others:
We process certain personal data in order to protect vital interests for the purpose of detecting and preventing illicit activities that impact vital interests and public safety, including child sexual abuse material; and
As necessary for our (or others’) legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, which require protection of personal data:
We process your personal data based on such legitimate interests to (i) enter and perform the contract with the account owner and/or reseller providing you with the products and services (which includes billing, compliance with contractual obligations, and related administration and support); (ii) develop, test, and improve our products and services and troubleshoot products and services; (iii) ensure authentication, integrity, security, and safety of accounts, activity, and products and services, including detect and prevent malicious conduct and violations of our terms and policies, prevent or investigate bad or unsafe experiences, and address security threats; (iv) send marketing communications, advertising, and promotions related to the products and services; and (v) comply with non-EEA laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules applicable to us and respond to requests from, and other communications with, competent non-EEA public, governmental, judicial, or other regulatory authorities, as well as meet our corporate and social responsibility commitments, protect our rights and property and the ones of our customers, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements.
International Data Transfers
Zoom operates globally, which means personal data may be transferred, stored (for example, in a data center), and processed outside of the country or region where it was initially collected where Zoom or its service providers have customers or facilities – including in countries where meeting participants or account owners hosting meetings or webinars that you participate in or receiving messages that you send are based.
Therefore, by using Zoom products and services or providing personal data for any of the purposes stated above, you acknowledge that your personal data may be transferred to or stored in the United States where we are established, as well as in other countries outside of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. Such countries may have data protection rules that are different and less protective than those of your country.
We protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Statement wherever it is processed and take appropriate contractual or other steps to protect it under applicable laws. Where personal data of users in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK is being transferred to a recipient located in a country outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK which has not been recognized as having an adequate level of data protection, we ensure that the transfer is governed by the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses. Please contact us if you would like further information in that respect.
Zoom complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Zoom has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Zoom has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Zoom commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Zoom at: privacy@zoom.us..
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Zoom commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Zoom Communications, Inc., Zoom Voice Communications, Inc., and Solvvy, Inc., are adhering to the DPF Principles. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zoom’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
If third-party agents process personal data on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, we remain liable unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any damages. If you have a question or complaint related to our compliance with the DPF Principles, please contact us as indicated at the bottom of this privacy statement.
Under limited circumstances and after other available dispute resolution mechanisms have been exhausted, binding arbitration is available to address certain residual complaints under the DPF not resolved by other means.
California & Other U.S. States Notice at Collection
Categories of Personal Information Zoom Receives:
Zoom may collect, or process on behalf of our customers, the following categories of personal data, as described above, in the
“What Personal Data Do We Receive?”
; section: identifiers (such as in Account Information, Profile and Participant Information, Contact Information, and Registration Information), financial account information (such as in Account Information); commercial information (such as in Account Information); internet or other electronic network activity information (such as Device Information, Usage Information Regarding Meetings, Webinars, Message, Collaborative Features, and the Website, and Limited Information from Zoom Email and Calendar Services); audio, electronic, and visual information (such as in Content and Context from Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, and Other Collaborative Features) education information such as from university customers; inferences we derive from the preceding or other information we collect; and sensitive personal information (such as certain categories in Account Information, Content and Context from Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, and Other Collaborative Features.
Sources:
We receive information from sources as described in the
“What Personal Data Do We Receive?”
; section, including: from you (including through your use of our products and services); from partners; from customers; and from publicly available sources. We collect education information from schools that use our services. Please see our
Children’s Educational Privacy Statement
for more information.
Zoom’s business and commercial purposes for use:
Zoom uses personal data for the following business and commercial purposes: to provide Zoom Products and Services; for Product Research and Development; for Marketing and Promotions (Zoom does not use meeting, webinar, or messaging content, or any content generated or shared as part of other collaborative features for any marketing or promotions); Authentication, Integrity, Security, and Safety; to Communicate with You; and for Legal Reasons. For more information, please see
“Data We Process & How We Use It.”
; Categories of third parties to whom we disclose Personal Information for business purposes are described in
“How Do We Share Personal Data?”
;
Zoom may permit advertising and analytics services that are intended to deliver advertising to you and/or analyze your interactions, based on your interactions with our website or app which may constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of data for targeted advertising purposes under certain state privacy laws. See “California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights” for more information regarding your right to opt-out.
Retention:
Zoom retains personal data for as long as required to engage in the uses described in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law. Additional detail on retention criteria can be found under
Retention
, above.
California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights
Under some U.S. state laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act) (CCPA), residents may have a right to:
Access
the categories and specific pieces of personal data Zoom has collected, the categories of sources from which the personal data is collected, the business purpose(s) for collecting the personal data, and the categories of third parties with whom Zoom has shared personal data, and
obtain the personal data
in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format;
Delete
personal data under certain circumstances;
Correct
personal data under certain circumstances; and
Opt out of the “sale” of personal data or “sharing” of personal data for targeted advertising purposes.
We do not sell your personal data in the conventional sense. However, like many companies, we may use advertising and analytics services that are intended to analyze your interactions with our website or app, based on information obtained from cookies or other trackers, including for delivering advertising to you (such as interest-based, targeted, or cross-context behavioral advertising). You can get more information and opt out of the use of cookies and other trackers on our website and app by clicking the
Cookies Settings
Your Privacy Choices, also on our homepage, and setting your preferences. You will need to set your preferences from each device and each web browser from which you wish to opt out. This feature uses a cookie to remember your preference, so if you clear all cookies from your browser, you will need to re-select your preferred settings. California and Connecticut residents may also set the Global Privacy Control (GPC) to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information for targeted advertising for each participating browser system that you use. Zoom does not have actual knowledge that it “sells” or “shares” the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Appeal
a denial of your request. Some states provide additional rights to their residents. If we decline to process your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision. You can do so by replying directly to our denial or emailing
privacy@zoom.us
.
Zoom will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights, which is further in line with your rights under state law.
Sensitive Information.
Zoom receives information that may be considered sensitive under some state laws, such as certain Account Information (e.g., financial information, log-in information), certain Content and Context from Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, and Other Collaborative Features and certain Limited Information from Zoom Email and Calendar Services (e.g., messaging content in cases described in this statement) as well as voiceprints and facial geometry, if you choose to enable certain features and provide the requisite consent. Zoom processes sensitive personal information to provide Zoom products and services, for product research and development, for authentication, integrity, security, and safety reasons, to communicate with you, for legal reasons, and with your consent. Zoom does not use or disclose sensitive personal information (as defined under CCPA) for purposes of inferring characteristics about a consumer, or in any way that would require Zoom to provide a right to limit under the CCPA. Under certain laws, residents may also be permitted to opt out of certain profiling relating to automated processing analyzing certain categories of an individual’s information that would produce a legal or similarly significant effect. Zoom does not engage in this type of profiling of individuals.
To exercise your rights, please click
here
. California residents may also call +1-888-799-0566. To opt out of the use of cookies on our sites for interest-based advertising purposes, follow the instructions above.
We will acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 business days, and provide a substantive response within 45 calendar days, or inform you of the reason and extension period (up to a total of 90 days) in writing.
These rights are not absolute, are subject to exceptions and limitations, and may not be afforded to residents of all states. In certain cases, we may decline requests to exercise these rights where permitted by law. We will need to verify your identity to process your access, deletion, and correction requests and reserve the right to confirm your state residency. To verify your identity, we may require you to log into your existing Zoom account (if applicable), give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury, and/or provide additional information, such as providing at least two pieces of personal information relating to your account (which will be compared to information we have, such as profile information) or as we otherwise may already have in our possession, such as your email address and phone number. We will verify your consumer request by comparing the information you provide to information already in our possession, and take additional steps to minimize the risk of fraud. You may designate an authorized agent to submit your verified consumer request by providing written permission and verifying your identity, or through proof of power of attorney.
To see our Disclosure of Privacy Rights Requests, please click
here
.
California’s Shine the Light Law
Under California’s Shine the Light law, you may also ask companies with whom you have formed a business relationship primarily for personal, family or household purposes to provide the names of third parties to which they have disclosed certain personal information (as defined under the Shine the Light law) during the preceding calendar year for their own direct marketing purposes and the categories of personal information disclosed. You may send us requests for this information to
privacy@zoom.us
. In your request, you must include the statement “Shine the Light Request,” and provide your first and last name and mailing address and certify that you are a California resident. We reserve the right to require additional information to confirm your identity and California residency. Please note that we will not accept requests via telephone, mail, or facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We may update this Privacy Statement periodically to account for changes in our collection and/or processing of personal data, and will post the updated Privacy Statement on our website, with a “Last Updated” date at the top and an Update Note at the bottom. If we make material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you and provide you an opportunity to review before you choose to continue using our products and services.
Privacy Statement Update Notes (August 2, 2024):
Updates to describe the processing of personal data related to enhanced audio and video features.
Privacy Statement Update Notes (October 11, 2024):
Updates to describe the processing of personal data related to enhanced audio features.
Updates to describe new intelligent feature functionality, including related integration options.
Zoom uses cookies and similar technologies as strictly necessary to make our site work. We and our partners would also like to set additional cookies to analyze your use of our site, to personalize and enhance your visit to our site and to show you more relevant content and advertising.  These will be set only if you accept.
You can always review and change your cookie preferences through our cookie settings page.  For more information, please read our
Privacy Statement
.
Decline Cookies
Accept Cookies
Cookies Settings
Cookie Preference Center
Cookies and other similar technologies (“Cookies”) are important to the proper functioning of a site and to provide visitors with a seamless and customized experience.  Zoom uses Cookies to enable you to use our site. We also use cookies to enable you to personalize your use of our site, to provide you enhanced functionality and to continuously improve the performance of our site. If you have Targeting cookies enabled below and depending on your account type or login state, we may allow third-party advertisers to show you advertising relevant to you on our website or products, using their Cookies on our site.
You can accept or decline all but Strictly Necessary Cookies, or customize your cookie settings below. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Some Strictly Necessary Cookies may transfer personal data to the United States.  To learn more about how Zoom processes personal data, please visit our
privacy statement
.
For California Residents, you may exercise your right to “Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information” by toggling the button labeled “Targeting” below to off.
More information
Accept All Cookies
Manage Consent Preferences
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to track your usage of our website and, depending on their policies, may combine that information with other information to show you relevant advertisements on our site and other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not see personalized advertising on Zoom’s website or products.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and customization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 10
https://www.teamviewer.com/en/privacy-notice/?t=1676552267244:
General
TeamViewer US
Products
Cookie Notice
TeamViewer SE
Brazil (LGPD)
Data Protection Information
General Privacy Notice by TeamViewer
Version as of March 21st, 2023
TeamViewer Germany GmbH and its affiliates take protection of your personal data very seriously. Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as name, address, email-addresses, IP address, or user behavior etc. The following document (“
General Privacy Notice
”) provides you with information about the processing of personal data in relation to administration of the contractual relationship between us as described and defined in the
End User License Agreement
(“
EULA
”) or any other agreements, as well as all other cases, when you may come in contact with us.
Further to this General Privacy Notice, please refer to our Product Privacy Notices for each of the respective products for detailed information concerning your use of the various TeamViewer products, such as TeamViewer Remote Access and Support, Frontline, IoT, Meeting (formerly blizz), Assist AR, Remote Management, Servicecamp, etc.
A. Controller
TeamViewer Germany GmbH (“
TeamViewer
”), Bahnhofsplatz 2, 73033 Göppingen, Germany is controller pursuant to Art. 4 para. 7 General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) concerning any processing of personal data for which we determine the purpose and means of processing.
B. Data Protection Officer (DPO)
TeamViewer appointed an external data protection officer (DPO). In addition, TeamViewer established a dedicated Privacy team, which closely collaborates with the DPO. The Privacy team as well as the DPO can be reached at
privacy@teamviewer.com
or at TeamViewer Germany GmbH, for the confidential attention of the DPO, Bahnhofsplatz 2, 73033 Göppingen, Germany.
C. Categories of personal data, as well as purposes and legal basis for the processing
C.1. When you visit our website(s)
TeamViewer has to process certain personal data in order to be able to operate our website(s) and enable you barrier-free access to our content, as well as set certain cookies for the purposes of marketing and retargeting. We do this since we want to ensure that when you visit any parts of our website, your journey will be user-friendly, and especially that you do not encounter technical problems and malfunctions. Also, we would like to make sure we provide you with the most relevant content on our website, which may require that we consider certain personal data such as your browser’s language settings or the country from where you visit our services. In general, when you visit the TeamViewer website, we may collect IP address, date and time of the request, time zone, content of the request, data volume, browser information, your country of origin, as well as operating system as transmitted by your server to our servers.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is our legitimate interest, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, or in some cases, your consent, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit a), Art. 49 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
Regarding personal data collected and processed in the context of web analytics and (re-)marketing activities as well as our use of Cookies, please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
C.2. When you interact with us
When you contact us (e.g., through an online contact form, through social media, email, chat functionality on our website or via phone), we will collect and process any personal information that you submit, such as your first name, last name, email-address, country, job title, phone number, company information (including company size), subject, description of your query etc. The collection of this data may be facilitated by third-party providers, which e.g., help us to provide particular landing pages or web forms or organize webinars (see Section D below). We will use the collected information for contacting you and serving your request, or to send you our advertising materials, depending on the type of the request and legal basis for the processing.
Depending on the individual case, we may process personal data based on your consent, to perform our contractual obligations under a contract or to follow our legitimate interest, or to fulfil a legal obligation to which we are subject to.
1. When you contact us via website chat or by phone
If you decide to reach out to us via our website chat or a phone, we may process your name, phone number, TeamViewer ID, inquiry type and any other information, that you may provide to us. If you reach us outside of business hours, we may store your message in order to get back to you as soon as possible. We need to process your personal data in order for us to properly respond to your request.
In some countries we utilize so called VoiceBot services, where the customer requests via phone are processed by our internal automated bot, which then automatically creates tickets in our system on your behalf.
The legal basis for processing this personal data in this connection is your request prior to entering into a contract, or already existing contractual relationship, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Please note, that in some cases we may record phone calls between you and our employees for quality assurance and training purposes. Our employees may also be accompanied by specialized coaches and trainers that may listen in to such calls. We will notify you prior to any activity in this regard (e.g., before or during the call) and ask for your consent in accordance with Art. 6, para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, as well as inform you about other particularities of the processing.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is your consent, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, which you may withdraw at any time with effect for the future.
2. When you submit a support ticket
If you submit a ticket regarding your TeamViewer product or any similar inquiry (e.g., updating your contact details, termination or renewal requests, commercial usage, technical issues, reverting the trial period, abuse of your license key etc.) using our online support ticketing system, we may process your name, email-address, TeamViewer ID, license key, invoice number, and any additional information you submit in connection with the ticket, depending on the request type. This may include your phone number, country, reason for submitting the ticket, log files compiling connection history, IP addresses, and information on your use of the TeamViewer product, but we will inform you separately in each case about the data that is required to resolve your request. At times, our employees may connect to your device remotely to help you resolve any issues that you may have.
We use our ticketing system to fulfil our business purpose to authenticate our product users and provide service resolution for our customers and free users.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is our contractual relationship with you, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
3. When you request a quote or a demo from us
If you request a quote or a demo for one of our products, TeamViewer will collect and process any information you submit, such as your salutation, first name, last name, address, email-address, company, phone number, country, and product inquiry. We may also store some or all of that information in our customer relationship management system, which is facilitated by a third-party service provider (see Section D below). We require to process your personal data in this connection in order for us to properly respond to your request.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is your request prior to entering into a contract, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
4. When you participate in a survey
If you participate in a survey performed by or on behalf of TeamViewer, we may collect and process your name, email-address, and user experience as well as any other personal information that you submit to us in the survey. Some surveys may be conducted on an anonymous basis, some however may be personalized. In each survey, we will inform you separately about additional personal data collected and processed. The participation in any of our surveys is of course, voluntary.
If you participate in one of our surveys, we may process your personal data to analyze user experience and improve our product.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is your consent to participate in a survey, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit a) GDPR, which you may withdraw at any time with effect for the future.
5. When you participate in a sweepstake
We may, from time to time offer the participation in one of our sweepstakes. For this purpose, we will process your personal data as required for conducting the sweepstake, especially in order to select the winner in accordance with terms and conditions of the respective sweepstake. We will inform you about additional personal data collected and processed within the scope of each sweepstake, respectively.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is your agreement to participate in a sweepstake, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit b) GDPR, which you may withdraw at any time with effect for the future.
6. When you download one of our whitepapers
If you download one of our whitepapers, we may process your name, email-address, and other information as indicated in an individual form of the whitepaper download. If you show interest in our free whitepaper concerning our products, services or general technology updates, we will ask for your consent to subscribe you to our newsletter. You can unsubscribe from receiving such newsletters from us at any time by using the unsubscribe link included in each newsletter.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is your consent, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit a) GDPR, which you may withdraw at any time with effect for the future.
7. When you participate in one of our webinars
From time to time, we may offer our customers, users, and general public to attend our webinars relating to one of our products, modern technological advancements, or our collaborations with various partners. If you register to attend one of our webinars, we may process your name, job title, email-address, phone number, country, company, and other information, depending on the individual webinar. We will ask for your consent to subscribe you to our newsletter in connection with the webinar. You can unsubscribe from receiving such newsletters from us at any time by using the unsubscribe link included in each newsletter.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is our contractual obligation to allow you the participation in the webinar after the registration, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR, as well as your consent to receive the marketing communication from us. You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
8. When you contact us on social media
If you visit any of our social media presence (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Xing) or leave us a comment or question, we may process your social media handle, your email-address, the content that you may interacted with (e.g., likes, shares, chat, documentation etc.) and any other personal information that you may leave on our respective page.
Please also refer to the respective privacy policies of relevant social media platforms:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Instagram:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
YouTube:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Xing:
https://privacy.xing.com/en/privacy-policy
We maintain the social media pages in order to keep in touch with our customers and free users worldwide, to share exiting news and updates about TeamViewer products and services and overall, provide up-to-date information to interested parties.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is our legitimate interest, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
9. When you request information on your personal data processed by us (data subject request)
If you submit a ticket requesting information on our processing of your personal data, we may process your email-address, TeamViewer ID as well as additional information in order to identify you in the first step, as well as, in case if we identify you, gather the personal data that we hold regarding you and provide you with it in a structured manner in accordance with the provisions of GDPR. Within the scope of answering your inquiry, we may process any kind of personal data as identified in our Product Privacy Policies. The processing purpose in this case is to answer your inquiry and to adhere to the legal obligation to which we are subject to.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is our legal obligation, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR, as well as our legitimate interest, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
C.3. When you join our community
If you want to join TeamViewer’s
community
, you will have to sign up and/or sign in with your TeamViewer credentials, such as your email-address, your name, and a password. After the signup, you will be able to interact with other members of the community, as well as our employees.
In TeamViewer’s community, you may comment on different subjects concerning TeamViewer’s activities and products. In connection with your comments or posts in TeamViewer’s community, we may store your name/username (depending on your choice), email-address, IP address, content of your post and any additional information you submit. Further, we collect and process additional information on your comments, e.g., how many comments you post, how other members react to your comments or how valuable your comments are, in order to give certain rewards to TeamViewer community members. TeamViewer will, from time to time, respond to your comments to provide you with more information on any questions that you may have, e.g., provide you with technical solutions, legal information and like.
Your comment will be published in the relevant topic section by showing your username as the author. Please note that your comments are publicly accessible and will appear in search engines. Therefore, please consider carefully what you post prior to posting your comment. Further, we advise you to use an assumed name instead of your real name.
TeamViewer’s community helps us to satisfy our business purpose to assist product users with an open platform, on which issues, experiences and improvements can be shared and resolved. Your personal data is being processed so we understand what topics are most relevant to our users and for us to design our website user-friendly and interesting. TeamViewer also processes your personal data so that we are able to raise a defense in the event that a third party complains about your community comment’s content. In such case, TeamViewer needs to be able to contact you. Any comments you post may also be analyzed by TeamViewer against the community terms of use, including for the purpose of rewarding certain actions of community users.
The legal basis for such processing is the user agreement concerning the use of our community and our legitimate interest of incentivizing positive contributions to the community as well as possible legal defense, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) in connection with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
C.4. When you enter into a contractual relationship with us
When you purchase a license for one of our products on behalf of your company, or use the Free Version of our Software, we may process certain personal data in order to conclude the agreement with you. In doing so, we may process your personal details, as well as the company details and payment information. We rely on the services of certified payment providers to process your payments and may conduct sanctions or fraud checks in accordance with applicable laws as well as to protect our business interests.
During the contractual relationship we may also process your personal data (e.g., your email-address, address, which products you have purchased etc.) in order to provide you with invoices, and other relevant contractual information.
Below you will find the applicable cases, where we may process personal data in connection with you purchasing the license.
1. Processing the purchase
When you purchase the license for your company through our webshop or our sales representative, we may process your salutation, your name, your title, company name, address, contact email-address, country, payment details, as well as other order details to provide you with purchased license and conclude an agreement as requested. We will also process information to support payment processing, including a payment token, which is provided by our payment service provider as a record of the transaction. When issuing our invoice, corresponding data such as an invoice ID, price paid, currency, invoice date, and tax code (e.g., VAT ID), will be collected and processed.
During each transaction, we may exchange your name, payment token, company information, payment method, contact information, and other relevant details with respective payment providers. Depending on customer’s location, different payment provider (Adyen or PPRO) may be used; Your data may also be shared with PayPal and your respective bank in order to process the payment. These details are relevant for the transaction to be completed. We only receive encrypted payment information back for the processing of new and recurring transactions, as well as from cancellation and refunds.
Please note:
We do not process any clear payment details, such as your credit card numbers. We merely receive an encrypted piece of information in this connection. In case you do not terminate the agreement with us in accordance with termination provisions of the
EULA
, we will request a recurring payment using the initial payment token or transaction ID to be executed by the relevant payment provider (e.g., through the same credit card or SEPA payment details last used by you). We will only store your payment details for SEPA direct debit mandate, if you (or your company) give us an explicit consent to do so.
Where you have purchased a license through one of our partners (resellers or distributors), they will transfer personal data they have collected in the context of your purchase to TeamViewer. We will use this data to process your purchase and for continuously providing our services to you.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit b) GDPR.
2. To manage and administer contractual relationship with you
Once you have purchased a license, we will create a corresponding license key and add it, together with information on your license’s start and expiry dates to your TeamViewer account, which you will be asked to create (please see our Product Privacy Policies for any data collected and processed when creating a TeamViewer account). During the term of the contractual relationship, we may process some personal data in order to respond to your requests or inquiries, e.g., updating contact information, issuing/re-issuing invoices, sending payment reminders, creating credit notes, general customer communication, onboarding documentation etc. Data collected in the course of any purchase will be stored and further processed in our customer relationship management system, which is facilitated by a third-party service provider (see Section D below). After you place a purchase order, you will receive a link to activate Customer Portal, where you will be able to create an account with your email-address related to TeamViewer admin account. The Customer Portal is provided by TeamViewer in order to simplify license and contract management for you, respectively for your company. There you will find information about the current subscriptions, invoices, payments and other information related to overall license and contract administration.
We may also, from time to time contact you via email or our in-product messaging service to inform you about, i.a., upcoming changes in our
EULA
, privacy policies, product updates, security updates. In doing so, we may process your name, email-address, product information (e.g., which TeamViewer version are you using) as well as your TeamViewer ID.
For the management of outstanding debt and unpaid invoices, TeamViewer utilizes the services of an external debt collection agency. For these purposes, TeamViewer may transfer your name, your company name, address, outstanding debt and other relevant contractual information to a debt collection agency. We currently cooperate with Creditreform Göppingen Engelhardt KG in this connection.
The legal basis for all processing in this context is Art. 6 para. 1 lit b) GDPR.
3. Contacting you in connection with your use of Free Version of the software
If you use so-called Free Version of our software in accordance with the terms of our
EULA
for your personal and non-commercial purposes, we reserve the right to audit your use by technical means to assess whether your usage pattern is in line with the indicated usage volume and thus with the chosen license type (in this case, Free Version), and to detect whether the contractually agreed scope of use is being exceeded by you. Furthermore, we may require you, at any time, to provide a self-declaration regarding your actual scope of use and/or usage pattern.
To every extent possible, the described analyses will be based on pseudonymous data (e.g., we may consider your Device ID and data we have connected to your TeamViewer Device ID, rather than using immediately identifying personal data such as your name or email-address).
We will process your personal data in this connection in order to make sure that our software is used in accordance with the EULA provisions and to exclude its misuse, therefore, the legal basis for processing this personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit b) GDPR.
4. To comply with our compliance obligations
In order to abide with statutory compliance requirements, we conduct sanctions list checks for our customers, during which the following personal data may be processed: name, address, email address, phone number as well as respective tax ID. Personal data is checked against the sanctions lists provided by the German and European authorities.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is, therefore, Art. 6 para. 1 lit c) GDPR.
5. To conduct fraud and security checks
In addition to sanctions list checks, we may conduct certain anti-fraud and security checks. The purpose is to exclude fraudulent activities and to protect ourselves as well as our other customers. In doing so, the following personal data may be processed: name, company name, company address, email address, phone number, IP address, device fingerprint, purchase details.
We utilize external tools which allow detecting any fraudulent activities with help of pre-configured rules and patterns. Purchases identified and confirmed as frauds will be stored in our system to prevent future fraudulent transactions.
The purpose of this processing is to check and ensure that no business relationship is established with fraudulent actors and companies and, if necessary, to terminate such relationships in time. TeamViewer has a legitimate interest in protecting its business and, its users and customers from fraudulent activities by bad actors.
The legal basis of the processing this personal data is our legitimate interest, e.g., Art. 6, para.1 lit. f) GDPR.
C.5. When we reach out to you
We are of course interested in keeping in touch with our customers and users, as well as partners and suppliers, in order to keep you updated on relevant news, updates, contractual information, as well as to provide you with our marketing newsletters and information. In doing so, we may process your name, email-address, your TeamViewer ID and other contact information.
Below you will find detailed information on such cases, including on respective personal data processed and applicable legal basis.
1. Contacting you through Social Media Channels
We may, from time to time, contact you through various social media channels in order to inquire about your interest in our products and offerings. If you respond and /or show interest in our inquiry, we may process your name, your company information, your contact details as well as details around the service that you may be interested in.
We for example utilize the services of LinkedIn, in particular the Sales Navigator feature. For more information on LinkedIn Sales Navigator, please
refer to this link
. Information on how LinkedIn processes your personal data can be found in their
privacy policy
.
When we reach out to potential customers via multiple channels, the legal basis for doing so is our legitimate interest, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR connected later with the processing in order to enter into a contractual relationship with you, in case of your interest, hence i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
2. Contacting you regarding our Status page
If you subscribe to our
status page
, we will process your email address in order to notify you of any incidents, scheduled maintenances and operational statuses of our systems.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is your consent, e.g., Art. 6, para.1 a) GDPR which you may withdraw at any time with effect for the future.
3. Contacting you via email (newsletter) and in-product messaging
If you sign up for our newsletter (marketing, product as well as our press releases), purchase a license for one of TeamViewer products, or use our free software version as a registered user, we may process your email-address for the purpose of sending you our newsletter. This also applies, when you sign up for a free webinar, download a free whitepaper, request or extend a product trial or participate in our sweepstakes.
Through our newsletters we want to provide you with information which is most relevant and interesting for you. For this reason, we (facilitated by our data processor Inxmail GmbH) may track reactions to and interactions with emails we send you (e.g., whether you open the newsletter, click on the text and image links or display the images contained in the emails).If you sign up for our newsletter, TeamViewer processes your personal data in order to send you the newsletter. If you have thus given us your consent, the legal basis for sending the newsletter to your email-address is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR. You may withdraw such consent at any time with effect for the future. Please use the unsubscribe link provided in each of the newsletter emails or contact
privacy@teamviewer.com
.
If you have purchased a license, or use our software as a registered free user, we will subscribe you to our newsletter, which covers information about similar products to the one you purchased, on the basis of § 7 para. 3 of the German Unfair Competition Act (UWG) and Art. 6 para. 1 lit f) GDPR. In this case, you may object to receiving the newsletter at any time, and at no additional cost on our end by using the unsubscribe link provided in each of the newsletter emails or contacting
privacy@teamviewer.com
.
Tracking your and others’ reactions to and interactions with our newsletters helps us to deliver the content most useful for you, and to analyze and evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We conduct such processing to fulfill our corresponding legitimate business interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit f) GDPR.
In addition to our email communication, we may from time to time contact you through our in-product messaging services to inform you about our new offers, discounts, and additional services that may interest you.
If you are a subscription user, you can disable the in-product messaging directly within your software. Alternatively, you can contact us at
privacy@teamviewer.com
.
C.6. When we analyze personal data
In certain cases, TeamViewer may combine and analyze certain information in the course of activities described in Sections C.2 to C.5 above together with the information available to TeamViewer internally, e.g., the use of the Software, respectively which Software have been purchased, or if a user recently started a trial of one of our products (incl. the information on your use of the product during the trial). TeamViewer conducts these analyses to decide on whether, when, and how to inform or get in touch with its customers and users. In this context, the aim is to convey relevant information about our products also in the most suitable manner, which may include in-product messages, email communications or contact by phone.
TeamViewer may also use the gathered information in order to prioritize the workload internally and to set up the processes more efficiently. Also, the analyses will assist in predicting as well as retrospectively evaluating the effectiveness of marketing and sales efforts, although such analysis and reporting is mostly done on an aggregated level.
To every extent possible, the described analyses measures will be based on pseudonymous data (e.g., we may consider the Google Analytics Client ID and other non-personalized cookie data, or data we have connected to your Device ID, rather than using immediately identifying personal data such as your name or email-address).
Furthermore, TeamViewer may analyze some personal data also in connection with the Free Version software as described in Section C.4.3.
The legal basis for processing personal data for analysis purposes are performance of or processing prior to entering into a contract (e.g., when you contact our sales team and ask for a demo), i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b), Art. 49 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR, and/or our legitimate interest (e.g., when we try to find out what information about our products you might be most interested in and whether and how to best get in touch with you), i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR as long as no consent is required. For the data processing activities that require your consent, the processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a), Art. 49 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
In this connection, TeamViewer may combine and conduct various analyses on the following data:
the information you submit (e.g., when contacting our sales and support teams, requesting a quote or providing feedback) and, more generally, your interactions with our communication channels (e.g., metadata of phone calls, such as which personalized number you have called at what time, or email correspondence with our sales and support teams or your history of submitting tickets and how they have been handled);
information on your interactions with our products (such as product usage data, or data on the types and frequency of connections you make) as described in our Product Privacy Policies;
certain customer information, such as company name, job title, account information and purchase history (e.g., license information), as well as information whether you have started a trial, your participation in our webinars, and the like.
Based on the analysis and the results of it, TeamViewer then may:
contact you by email, beyond sending our regular newsletter (e.g., to send out promotional materials to you as our customer or to invite you to participate in customer satisfaction and other surveys as described in Section C.2.4), using the email-address you submitted; or
by phone using the phone number you submitted (e.g., during, or in due course after expiry of a product trial you requested or to follow up on feedback or inquiries you have placed with us); or
conduct targeted advertising to inform you about changes to or improvements of our products, entirely new products, or to provide you with tips on how to best use our products as well as other useful information (e.g., on discounts, freebies or give-aways); we may do so on our websites, within our products and apps, or on third-party websites and apps.
C.7. When you are our partner, reseller or distributor
If you are one of our partners, reseller, or our distributor, we may process your name, your job title, your company, as well as contact details in order to manage the contractual relationship with you, respectively your company and to provide you with the newest information and updates about our offerings. Your personal data will be processed by our respective employees (e.g., Procurement, HR, IT etc.) throughout our cooperation. In this connection, we may also process your personal data through our so-called partner portal.
Furthermore, we may process and store your personal data in connection with our partner certification programs and your registration on and your use of our Partner Portal.
We require to process your personal data in order to maintain the contractual relationship between us.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR or our legitimate interest, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
C.8. When you are our supplier
If you are one of our suppliers, we may process your name, your job title, your company, as well as contact details in order to manage the relationship with you, respectively your company. Your personal data will be processed by our respective employees (e.g., Procurement, HR, IT etc.) throughout our cooperation.
We require processing your personal data in order to maintain the contractual relationship between us.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is, therefore, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR or our legitimate interest, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
C.9. When we receive your data from third parties
We may, from time to time, receive your personal data such as your name and your contact details from third parties, e.g., from event organizers, various trade fair organizers, partner websites, our integration partners (e.g., Salesforce, Microsoft, SAP etc.) and similar sources. The purpose of the transfer, as well as subsequent processing of personal data is, in most of the cases, marketing, and our desire to reach a wider audience with offers regarding our products and services. We always make sure that there is appropriate legal basis (e.g., your consent) in place, before even processing any personal data.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is, therefore, either, your consent, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) or the contractual relationship with you, i.e., lit. b) GDPR. You may withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
D. Recipients
Our employees, who administer, maintain and further develop TeamViewer’s website, Products and Services may receive access to your personal data. To that end, TeamViewer has strong technical and organizational security measures to protect personal data against unauthorized disclosure to third parties and to ensure that only relevant individuals, who act within their job description and have a need-to-know interest in accessing any of your personal data, will have access to the data for which they have sufficient clearance.
In addition, we utilize services of external service providers (e.g., Microsoft, Amazon Web Services, Inxmail GmbH, Cloudfare etc.), as well as our affiliate network worldwide (e.g., TeamViewer entities in Greece, USA, Australia, Austria, Japan etc.).
All mentioned third-party providers and employees of such providers may receive access to personal data through the service they provide.
TeamViewer chooses all third-party service providers with due care, obligates them to confidentiality, and concludes data processing agreements with them in accordance with the standards of the GDPR, as far as necessary. Should you have any questions about third parties we use, please contact us at
privacy@teamviewer.com
.
TeamViewer will generally not transfer your personal data outside the EU and/or EEA. However, there are some exceptions to this rule, which include data transfers for group internal services provided from outside the EU, including Australia, USA and Armenia as an example.
Whenever TeamViewer transfers your personal data out of the EU or the EEA to countries that do not have an adequate level of data protection recognized by the EU, we will apply safeguards to adequately protect your personal data. In particular, we will conclude model contracts with corresponding entities in accordance with applicable laws. Please
refer to this link
to obtain further information on the Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors established outside the EU or EEA.
If you use our product, contact us through the contact, support, and feedback features, and/or if you request a quote, TeamViewer employees that are responsible for the respective service will receive access to your personal data. Aside from TeamViewer employees, your personal data may be processed by employees of third-party services providers, who assist us in handling your requests, e.g., if you use our chat functionality on the website, speak to us on the phone (e.g., external call centers), or contact us through forms on certain website landing pages (e.g., employees of the website support suppliers).
If you post a comment in TeamViewer’s community or blog, your comment content and name/username will be publicly available and may appear in search engines. Aside from TeamViewer employees, employees of the hosting company may receive access to your personal data as described in Section C.3.
If you purchase a TeamViewer Product, TeamViewer employees concerned with processing such transactions will receive access to your data. We also use the services of third-party payment token providers, such as PPRO Latin America GmbH and Adyen N.V. respectively. In addition, our fraud prevention software may also process your data on our behalf.
In connection with hosting and processing your data on your behalf, we may use certain subprocessors, e.g., Anexia Internetdienstleistungs GmbH, Amazon Web Services, IBM Deutschland GmbH, Google Ireland Ltd., TeamViewer Austria GmbH, etc.
TeamViewer may transfer your personal data to third parties if we offer participation in campaigns, contests, reservations, or contract agreements in conjunction with a third party. In this case, you will be specifically informed about the transmission to the third parties.
For web analytics and (re-)marketing activities, we rely on a number of third-party providers, which will process personal data on our behalf as explained in more detail in our
Cookie Notice
.
Finally, TeamViewer uses external third-party service providers to help operate its business, such as providers of IT operation and maintenance services, (cloud) storage service providers and providers of (cloud) collaboration tools. Examples include Amazon Web Services and Microsoft (Dynamics 365, Azure).
As a global company, we may receive messages that require translation of the content of some inquiries. In such case, our employees use third-party translation tools in order to process your inquiry. Thus, you might want to avoid entering personal information into the subject line and description field of your inquiry.
E. Retention
Your personal data will be deleted once you withdraw consent, or, more generally, once the purpose for processing of your personal data has ceased to exist. The exact retention period will thus depend on the categories of personal data and the processing purposes:
Bookkeeping and accounting: In some cases, we are legally required to retain personal data for a certain period of time, e.g., for invoices, or payment details, for up to 10 years for these purposes.
Marketing: for the data which we may process for marketing purposes, the retention period will depend either on your withdrawal of your consent, or if, in case the processing is based on our legitimate interest or the performance of a contract, the achievement of the processing purposes, e.g., two years for the pseudonymized usage data, or one year for a survey results.
Protecting our legitimate interests: We may require storing personal data to protect our own legitimate interest, e.g., support ticket data or CRM data for up to 3 years (duration of statutory limitation period).
Once such period has lapsed, and there is no purpose to be fulfilled by the processing of personal data, we will delete or anonymize the data in accordance with data protection obligations.
F. Statutory/contractual requirement
You may choose not to provide your personal data or provide incomplete personal data to us. However, you should be aware that you may not be able to engage in a contractual relationship with us or receive adequate support or may not be able to use all the functionalities of our website.
G. Your rights
You may contact us either in writing or by email at
privacy@teamviewer.com
in order to exercise the following rights to the extent you are entitled to under applicable law:
You have the right to request information about the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 13 and 14 GDPR (Right to Information);
You may request access to your personal data as well as request a copy of your personal data (Right of Access, Art. 15 GDPR);
You may request that we supplement, correct or delete your personal data (Right to Rectification, Art. 16 GDPR and Right to Erasure, Art. 17 GDPR); the right of rectification also comprises the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement;
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (Right to Restriction of Processing, Art. 18 GDPR);
You may request to receive your personal data, which you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit it without hindrance or have it transmitted to another controller (Right to Data Portability, Art. 20 GDPR);
You may object, at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data which is based on the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. The processing of your personal data will then be cancelled, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights, and freedoms or the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims (Right to Object, Art. 21 GDPR);
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in relation to the processing of your personal data.
You have the right to opt out at any time from every processing activity which is based on your consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR. Your opt out does not affect the lawfulness of the processing in the past.
The relevant supervisory authority for TeamViewer is
Der Landesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit, Lautenschlagerstraße 20, 70173 Stuttgart, Germany
.
Should you have any questions on the processing of your personal data by TeamViewer Germany GmbH in relation to your contractual relationship, please contact
privacy@teamviewer.com
.
H. Compliance with the CCPA
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), you will not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a privacy request on your behalf.
I. Compliance with Brazilian LGPD
TeamViewer has checked the compliance topic with the Brazilian Data Protection Law Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (Law No. 13,709/2018) (“
LGPD
“) to ensure that our measures and procedures under the GDPR cover the topics within the LGPD. The privacy notice under the LGPD is available for Brazilian visitors and users under www.teamviewer.com/en-us/privacy-notice.
J. Changes to this Privacy Notice
TeamViewer may, from time to time, make amendments to this Privacy Notice to reflect the changes in our processing activities.
TeamViewer US Website Privacy Policy
Version as of March 2024
YOUR PRIVACY: OVERVIEW
If you are a located in North or South America, this privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
“) explains how TeamViewer US, Inc. (collectively, “
TeamViewer
,” “
we
,” or “
us
“) collects, uses, discloses, and retains your personal data when you access or use our website. If you are located in India, then “TeamViewer,” “we,” and “us” refers to both TeamViewer US, Inc. and TeamViewer India Private Ltd., 5th floor, Spectrum Tower, Mindspace, Chincholi Bunder Road, Malad (West) Mumbai, MH, 400064. If you are located in Australia or New Zealand, then then “TeamViewer,” “we,” and “us” refers to both TeamViewer US, Inc. and TeamViewer Pty, Ltd., 118 Greenhill Road, SA 5061 Unley, Adelaide, Australia. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully.
Please note that the TeamViewer Group may provide different or additional privacy notices in connection with certain activities, products, services, and offerings. For more information about our privacy practices concerning our products, services, and other jurisdictions, please refer to the privacy policies posted on ours or the applicable TeamViewer Group website.
REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
TeamViewer reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will revise the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we may also choose to provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or sending you a notification).
Content
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS SERVICES PROVIDED BY OTHERS
DATA RETENTION
CHILDREN’S POLICY
THIRD PARTY SITES
SECURITY PRACTICES
YOUR RIGHTS
INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
CONTACT US
IMPRINT
TEAMVIEWER GROUP PRIVACY POLICY
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
In this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with or reasonably can be used to identify an individual or household and other data that is linked to personal data. The types of personal data we collect about you depend on your interactions with us and are described in more detail below.
PERSONAL DATA YOU PROVIDE DIRECTLY TO US THROUGH THE USE OF THE WEBSITE
We collect personal data directly from you in a variety of ways, including when you:
Fill out lead forms;
Request additional information about our products or services or sign up to receive our e-mail newsletters or marketing messages;
Interact with us on social media;
Participate in or respond to surveys or requests for opinions, feedback and preferences;
Contact us through an online contact form, chat function on our website, or via phone;
Subscribe and/or post to our blog;
Provide feedback or make other submissions to us; and
Participate in a survey performed by or on behalf of TeamViewer.
The types of data we collect directly from you may include: your first name, last name, e-mail address, address, telephone number, country, job title, phone number, username, company information (including company size), demographic information, personal preferences, reactions to and interactions with our communication channels, account information, purchase history, and any other personal data that you choose to include in your submissions or communications with us.
PERSONAL DATA AND DATA WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
We automatically collect personal data when you access and use our website. The types of information we collect may include:
Networking and device information, such as your browser type, IP address, and operating system version, language settings;
Information about your website activities, such your access times, pages viewed, the routes by which you came to our website, your use of any hyperlinks available within our services; and
Information collected via cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies, including Internet service provider (ISP), Mobile Advertising ID, media access control (MAC) address, or identifiers associated with browser cookies, web beacons and similar technologies we deploy on our services.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may collect personal data about you from other sources. For example, we may collect personal data about you from:
Third parties hosting events, including those sponsored by TeamViewer, when they share event attendance or participation information with us;
Third-party social media and communication services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google, LinkedIn, and Instagram, that you use to interact with our services (e.g., to create an account) or that allow you to share information (e.g., via plugins, widgets or other tools), but always in accordance with the authorization procedures and privacy settings you establish with such services; and
Unaffiliated parties, such as service providers that we use, analytics companies, advertising networks, consumer data resellers, and other third parties that provide us with information, so we can better understand you and provide you with information and offers that may be of interest to you.
PERSONAL DATA WE DERIVE
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the other types of personal data we collect. For example, we may infer your location based on your IP address.
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
We collect and use personal data for business and commercial purposes, including to:
Develop, provide and improve our events and websites;
Respond to your requests and any other communications from you;
Send advertising or marketing communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events offered by TeamViewer and others, and provide news and information that we believe may be of interest to you;
Offer and administer events, contests, and other promotions;
Conduct internal research and development;
Comply with our legal obligations; and
Debug, identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of our website.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
We share personal data for the purposes described below:
a.
With our Affiliates and Subsidiaries
. Disclosures of your personal data to the TeamViewer Group, including our parent entities, subsidiaries and affiliates (as the case may be), for the purposes described in the “USE OF PERSONAL DATA” section above. Specifically, if and when you become a TeamViewer customer we may share information such as your name, email address, address, telephone number, country, job title, username, company information (including company size), demographic information, personal preferences, reactions to and interactions with our communication channels, account information, purchase history, chosen payment method, information to support payment processing (including a payment token), invoice ID, price paid, currency, invoice date, tax code, license key, license start and expiry dates, and any other information collected through our websites or that you choose to include in your profile or in other communications with us. Since our parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates are located around the world, please note that these disclosures involve international transfers of your personal data.
b.
With our Service Providers
. We share personal data with unaffiliated companies or individuals we hire or work with that perform services on our behalf, including customer support, web hosting, information technology, payment processing, product fulfilment, fraud control, direct mail and email distribution, events, contests, sweepstakes and promotion administration, and analytics services. We only share with service providers the personal data that they need to perform services for us. Since our service providers are located around the world, please note that these disclosures involve international transfers of your personal data.
c.
With our Professional Advisors
. We share personal data with our legal, financial, and other advisors in connection with the management of all or part of TeamViewer’s business or operations.
d.
With Law Enforcement Authorities and Individuals Involved in Legal Proceedings
. We disclose personal data when we believe doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law or legal process (including an enforceable request from authorities), to respond to claims (including inquiries by you in connection with your purchases from TeamViewer), or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of TeamViewer, our users, employees or the public.
e.
With Your Consent or at Your Direction
. We share personal data with third parties when we have your consent to do so. For example, if you decide to participate in certain interactive areas or features of our events or services, you consent to the disclosure of this information to other users of our websites. We may also share your personal data with third parties when you intentionally direct us to do so or when you use our services to intentionally interact with third parties.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS SERVICES PROVIDED BY OTHERS
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the web and in mobile applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other tracking technologies which collect information about your use of our services and other websites and applications. This information may be used by TeamViewer and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interest on our services and other websites, and better understand your online activity.
Such tools include:
1. Google Analytics and Other Analysis Tools Provided by Google
TeamViewer uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, or any other Affiliate of Google LLC (“
Google
“). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, i.e. text files that are stored on your computer and enable analysis of your use of our website. When you visit our website for the first time, you will be assigned a cookie with a unique user identification, i.e. a
Google Analytics Client ID
. We may replace this Google Analytics Client ID with your TeamViewer Device ID if you use one of our products (please refer to our
Product Privacy Policy
for details). We will add the respective data point to the data available in the Google Analytics tools, and this way we use Google Analytics also for cross-device analyses of user streams.
Other tools we use in this context that are also provided by Google include:
Google Tag Manager
(a tag management system that allows TeamViewer to quickly and easily update tracking codes and related code fragments collectively known as “tags” on our website or mobile app);
Google Big Query
(an enterprise data warehouse that enables SQL queries using the processing power of Google’s infrastructure; TeamViewer uses Big Query to store and query data sets which are collected by Google services such as Google Analytics, and the Big Query data is used to build flexible reports for evaluating our website performance);
Google Display Network
(used to measure the impact of unclicked Google Display Network ad impressions on the website, behavior of users, and conversions; please refer to
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/3105620
for further information); and
Google Optimize
(for A/B testing, offering to analyze user behavior by showing slightly varied website contents to different user groups, depending on profile matching; thereby, TeamViewer analyzes its online services, improves its web offerings, and can create an interesting user journey).
TeamViewer Group uses data gathered through your Google Analytics Client ID as well as other data generated from Google’s web analytics applications in order to perform analyses of your interactions with our products, services, and websites. With the help of Google’s Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, we will receive analyses on our users’ age, gender, and interest categories (please refer to
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2799357?hl=en
for further information). We strive to offer you tailored products and services that are best suited for your individual circumstances. To that end, Google provides us with insights and statistics that help us to make our online presence, our communications to you, and ultimately our products more interesting and relevant for you.
As further explained in our
Cookies Policy
, you may block cookies from being stored on your device, and consequently prevent the described analyses from being conducted, by adjusting the settings in your browser software; however, in such case, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionalities of our website. You can also block the collection of the data generated by the cookie and the data related to your use of the website (incl. your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing a browser plugin available from the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
Please visit the website
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
for an overview on Google’s approach on data protection for Google Analytics as well as their privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
2. Demandbase
TeamViewer uses web analytics services provided by Demandbase Inc., located at 680 Folsom Street, Suite 400 San Francisco, CA 94107 USA. Demandbase utilizes tracking technology, which includes the storing and accessing of cookies, to collect data about website visitors. Demandbase’s Tags, or JavaScript, pixels, cookies or other similar technology or code, cause a unique cookie ID to be associated with each visitor who accesses our website and may sync with third-party cookies. Demandbase’s Tags on our website may collect data on device information (such as a website visitor’s IP address), cookies, or other technical information (such as web browser type, operating system or timestamp).
The Demandbase Tags are used for analytics and advertising services provided by Demandbase. They are also used for performance and optimization of Demandbase data and reporting. Demandbase’s services help us tailor our communications and improve the quality of the content we provide to our prospects, users, and customers. It also helps to improve our website user experience and performance by personalizing and optimizing the website for visitors.
For further information on Demandbase’s privacy approach, visit
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy-policy/
. For more details on the cookies used by Demandbase, visit
https://www.demandbase.com/cookies/
.
3. Google AdWords Conversion and Google Remarketing
TeamViewer’s website uses Google AdWords in order to generate attention for our products and services by conducting targeted advertising campaigns on third-party websites and apps. Data generated by such campaigns helps us to determine the success rate of individual campaigns. TeamViewer aims at providing you with advertisement that is of interest to you, to make its website more interesting, and calculate advertising expenses accurately.
Such means of advertisement are delivered by Google through a so-called Ad Server. Along with this, TeamViewer uses
Ad Server Cookies
, which scale certain parameters, such as display of ads or clicks by users. When you click on an ad delivered by Google that redirects you to our website, a cookie is stored on your computer by Google AdWords. These cookies usually expire within 30 days and are not supposed to be used to personally identify a user. In addition to these cookies, analytic values like a
unique cookie ID, quantity of Ad impressions per storing, last impression and opt-out information
(markings that the user does not want to be addressed any further) are usually stored. These cookies enable Google to recognize your internet browser.
If you visit certain pages on our website and provided the cookie stored on your computer has not yet expired, TeamViewer and Google are able to recognize that you clicked on an ad and were redirected to the TeamViewer website. Every Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Therefore, cookies cannot be tracked across different sites by TeamViewer, as is the case for all other AdWords customers. TeamViewer merely receives statistical evaluations from Google. By and through these statistical evaluations, we can evaluate which advertisement campaign was particularly effective. Any additional data generated by the particular advertisement is not forwarded to TeamViewer; particularly, we cannot personally identify users through this information.
Through this (re-)marketing tool, your browser automatically connects to Google’s servers. Please note that scope and further use of the data processed by Google are subject to Google’s privacy policy and beyond TeamViewer’s control. We thus inform you based on our own knowledge: By integrating AdWords, Google receives information that you visited a particular TeamViewer website or part thereof, and/or that you clicked on one of our advertisements. If you are registered with one of Google’s services, Google is able to match your visit to your Google account. Google may receive your IP address and/or may store it even if you are not registered with one of Google’s services and/or if you have not been logged in. You may avoid tracking in various ways, e.g. through:
a setting of your browser software, particularly, by suppressing third party cookie installation in order to prevent receiving third-party ads;
deactivating AdWords Cookies, by setting your browser so that cookies from www.googleadservices.com are being blocked; this can be done at
https://adssettings.google.com/anonymous
, however, such settings are deleted if you delete cookies; or
permanently deactivating cookies in your browser under
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996
.
Further information on Google’s approach to data privacy can be found under
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
. Alternatively, you can disable the use of cookies for interest-based advertising via the advertising network initiative, by following the instructions at
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!%2F
.
In addition to Google AdWords, TeamViewer uses the tool “
Google Remarketing
.” This is an application that allows us to address you again, even when you have left our website. After visiting our website and while you are surfing the internet, our advertisement can be displayed to you by and through this application. This is enabled by cookies stored on your device, which track and analyze user behavior on different websites for Google. Google can track your previous visits to our website.
According to its own statement, Google does not combine data gathered through Remarketing with any personal data Google may have stored about you. Furthermore, the data processed for these purposes is generally limited to pseudonymous information. If you do not want to be exposed to data processing through the Google Remarketing feature, you can disable it by changing the appropriate settings at
https://adssettings.google.com/anonymous
.
4. Social Media Tracking Tools, including “Tracking Pixels”
We also use other tools on our website allowing us to offer you a more personalized and engaged web experience by offering you advertisements on your social media channels that are more relevant to you. To that end, we use cookie-based (please refer again to our
Cookies Policy
) tools offered by the following third-party social media providers:
Facebook Inc.
, 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA; for further information on the implemented tool, please refer to
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/facebook-pixel/implementation#base-code
; for additional information on data collection, refer to
https://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084
.
LinkedIn Corporation
, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California 94043, USA; for further information on the implemented tool and how to opt out of corresponding tracking, please refer to
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
; for further information on LinkedIn’s approach to privacy refer to:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?trk=uno-reg-guest-home-privacy-policy
.
Twitter Inc.
, 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA; for further information on the implemented tool and how to opt out of corresponding tracking, please refer to
https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads
; for further information on Twitter’s approach to privacy refer to:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
.
In each case, we integrate snippets of code provided by these social media operators that load a small library of functions (sometimes referred to as “tracking pixels”, i.e. transparent, pixel-sized images embedded in websites with a tracking functionality). These functions enable us to track your activities on our website, such as URLs visited, domains visited, device(s) used, and, in particular advertising conversions (i.e. actions counted when you interact with one of our ads, such as clicking it and purchasing our product afterwards). They rely on cookies placed by the mentioned third-party providers, which may also enable us to match our website visitors to respective user accounts on the respective social media platforms.
We may also use the “
Custom Audience
” service provided by Facebook Inc., for delivering targeted advertising to you. In this context, we would check whether you hold an account with Facebook for which you use the same email-address that you have provided to us and include you in a corresponding “custom audience” group. This works by us providing your email-address to Facebook Inc. in a hashed format, and this way making sure that Facebook will only process, as a data processor on our behalf, actual email-addresses of users that have already subscribed to their service (please refer to
https://www.facebook.com/business/help/112061095610075?id=2469097953376494&helpref=faq_content
for further information on this process). You may opt-out of receiving targeted ads because you are part of a custom audience created by TeamViewer through clicking a corresponding link when you select the “Why am I seeing this?” feature on the Facebook platform (see
https://www.facebook.com/help/562973647153813?helpref=about_content
).
Like many websites, TeamViewer uses “cookies” to analyze visits to our website and help us improve our website and services. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to remove or reject cookies. Please follow your browser’s process for doing so. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our websites. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purpose for which we use them, see our
Cookies Policy
.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Your personal data will be deleted once you withdraw consent, or, more generally, once the purpose for processing has ceased to exist. In some cases, TeamViewer is legally obligated to retain data for a certain period. Once this period has lapsed, TeamViewer will delete the data in accordance with data protection obligations.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
TeamViewer’s services are not intended for children under the age of 18. TeamViewer does not target our services to children under 18.
THIRD PARTY SITES
Please note that our websites contain links to third-party websites that are not controlled or operated by TeamViewer. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that TeamViewer does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please review these policies before you disclose any personal data when visiting such third-party websites.
SECURITY PRACTICES
We take the safety of your personal data and its confidentiality very seriously and we provide reasonable security safeguards commensurate to the sensitivity of the personal data being handled and have implemented security practices including but not limited to technical, operational, and physical safeguards to protect your information. We implement a variety of security measures when entering, submitting, or accessing information to maintain the safety of your personal data. The website is scanned on a regular basis for any known vulnerabilities in order to make your use as safe as possible.
Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and it only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems or otherwise require personal data for appropriate purposes. These persons are also under an obligation to keep such personal data confidential. All of the data centers TeamViewer uses have achieved ISO/IEC 27001 certification, which is the international standard for information security management systems and security controls. The data centers have implemented state-of-the-art security controls, which means that personal access control, video camera surveillance, motion detectors, 24×7 monitoring, and on-site security personnel ensure access to the data center is only granted to authorized persons and guarantee the best possible security for hardware and data. There is also a detailed identification check at the single point-of-entry to the data center.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for your personal data, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
We endeavor to ensure that all third-party service providers whose services which we may use, maintain security standards that are equivalent to our security standards and commensurate with market practices, in the context of the kind and nature of personal data being stored or handled.
For more information, you may visit the
TeamViewer Trust Center
or request for a copy of our Security Measures.
YOUR RIGHTS
You may contact us in order to exercise the following rights to the extent you are entitled to so under applicable law:
You may access your personal data to check and review such data;
You may request a copy of your personal data;
You may demand that we supplement, correct or delete your personal data; or cease or restrict the collection, processing, use or disclosure of your personal data; and
You may withdraw consent and/or object to the processing of your personal data; and
You may request to receive your personal data in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable format.
To submit such a request, please contact us under
privacy@teamviewer.com
, at 1-800-638-0253, or
submit a ticket
on our website. Your request will be promptly attended to by a member of our team. TeamViewer may request your name, email address, and/or account information in order to verify your request.
Should you have any questions, please contact
privacy@teamviewer.com
.
This Privacy Policy contains links to sites and information that are not under TeamViewer’s direct control. These links are therefore subject to change and TeamViewer will review and update this Privacy Policy periodically to reflect such changes.
INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES RELATED TO COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) allows California residents, upon a verifiable consumer request and subject to applicable exemptions, to request that we give you access, in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable form, to the specific pieces and categories of personal information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared. California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of information under certain circumstances.
Consistent with California law, TeamViewer will not discriminate against those who exercise their rights. Specifically, if you exercise your rights, we will not deny you services, charge you different prices for services or provide you a different level or quality of services.
To submit a data request, please contact us under
privacy@teamviewer.com
, at 1-800-638-0253, or
submit a ticket
on our website. Please note that you must verify your identity and request before further action is taken. Consistent with California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you may have to provide a valid power of attorney, the requester’s valid government issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification.
We collect personal data from you and the sources described in the “
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES
” subsection of this Privacy Policy.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, characteristics of protected classifications under California or U.S. law, commercial information, internet and electronic network activity, geolocation data, audio and visual information, inferences drawn about your preferences, and other categories of personal data that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. For examples of the precise data points we collect, see the section titled “
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
” in this Privacy Policy.
We do not sell personal information to third parties, as that is defined under the CCPA.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have shared personal information with third parties for business purposes as further detailed in this Privacy Policy. We may share your personal data with third parties as described in the “
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
” section of this Privacy Policy.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal data for business or commercial purposes: identifiers, internet and electronic network activity information, commercial information, audio and visual information, geolocation data, demographic information, inferred information, and other information that we have derived or inferred about you or that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. For information on the business or commercial purpose for using the personal data, see the section of this Privacy Policy titled “
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
.”
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at 1-800-638-0253 or
privacy@teamviewer.com
.
IMPRINT
TeamViewer US, Inc.
5741 Rio Vista Drive
Clearwater, FL 33760
USA
TEAMVIEWER GROUP PROCESSING
We share also collect, use, and share data and personal data with other entities within the TeamViewer Group as it relates to a number of functions and activities related to the TeamViewer products, which are developed by, maintained, and contracted with our parent company, TeamViewer Germany GmbH. Examples of this include, but are not limited to, purchasing a product or service, concluding a purchase transaction, product trials, customer support, participation in customer online forums, and other customer-related activities. For more information for how we process this data and personal data, please visit our
TeamViewer Group Privacy Policy
.
Privacy Notice for TeamViewer Products
Version as of October 29th, 2024
TeamViewer Germany GmbH and its affiliates take protection of your personal data very seriously. Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as name, address, email-addresses, IP address, or user behavior etc. The following document (
Privacy Notice
) provides you with information about the processing of personal data in relation to your use of our Software and Services as described and defined in the
End User License Agreement
(
EULA
) in connection with the use of our Software and Services (hereinafter,
Products
).
Depending on the processing activity and its purpose, TeamViewer may act as either (i) a controller as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
), or (ii) as a processor for our customers as defined in more detail in our
EULA
and our
Data Processing Agreement
(
DPA
). If your personal data has been submitted to us by or on behalf of one of our customers, please see the privacy policy of the applicable customer. If you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws, please reach out to the company providing you with our Products directly.
Subsequently, TeamViewer may process the various personal data for various purposes and in a different capacity.
On a case-by-case basis, TeamViewer may act in a different capacity in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Concrete examples of which personal data we process in which capacity are as follows:
Personal data in connection with our agreement with you, e.g., your contact information. More information on this and how we process personal data as controllers for maintaining our contractual relationship with our users and customers can be found in our
General Privacy Notice
.
Personal data in connection with yourTeamViewer Account (e.g., your email, password, username etc.), as well as with various TeamViewer Features, esp. initiating connections, hosting of your contact lists, or managing a team of people using our Product under your license. In this context TeamViewer may act as processors as defined under Art. 4 no. 8 GDPR. More on processing in this context can be found in our
DPA
, respectively in its
Annexes
.
Personal data derived from your use of our Products and Services, e.g., your feedback, as well as statistical and analytical data for marketing and product development purposes. In this case TeamViewer may act as controller of such data. This Privacy Notice serves the purpose to provide more information in this context.
Below you will find more information on when, how, and why we process your personal data in connection with your use of our Products.
A. Controller
TeamViewer Germany GmbH (
TeamViewer
), Bahnhofsplatz 2, 73033 Göppingen, Germany is controller pursuant to Art. 4 para. 7 GDPR concerning any processing of personal data for which we determine the purpose and means of processing.
B. Data Protection Officer (DPO)
TeamViewer appointed an external data protection officer (DPO). In addition, TeamViewer established a dedicated Privacy team, which closely collaborates with the DPO. The Privacy team as well as the DPO can be reached at
privacy@teamviewer.com
or at TeamViewer Germany GmbH, for the confidential attention of the DPO, Bahnhofsplatz 2, 73033 Göppingen, Germany.
C. Categories of personal data, purposes, and legal basis for the processing
C.1. When you use TeamViewer Products
C.1.1. Getting started
When you install the Software and use the Product for the first time on a new device, we need to collect certain information from that device, such as your IP address, device’s MAC address, operating system (
OS
) specific identifier combined with other device-related information to ensure its uniqueness. From this information, TeamViewer creates a unique Machine ID (
MID
), from which the TeamViewer master infrastructure generates the TeamViewer Device ID (
TeamViewer ID
), which in turn allows it to distinguish between unique user devices that have the Software installed.
When you sign up for a TeamViewer account, TeamViewer collects your name, email-address, a password of your choice, along with time, date, and time zone of you signing in and creates a unique TeamViewer Account ID for your TeamViewer account.
Should you choose to add the additional security option of two factor authentication to your account, TeamViewer will process the data required to provide this option and to maintain your accounts security including: Number of login attempts, location and whether the session is active, Mobile phone number, TeamViewer ID.
TeamViewer requires the Edge WebView2 Runtime by Microsoft Ireland Operations Ltd. (One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland) (
Microsoft
) for the user interface. If not already installed, it will be downloaded and installed when you click ‘Accept – next’. The Edge WebView2 Runtime may collect information and send it to Microsoft to provide services as described in Microsoft’s Privacy Statement at
https://aka.ms/privacy
.
During the installation, we will also ask you whether (i) you would like to explore the full-featured business trial, (ii) if you wish to only use the Product for personal use, or, (iii) if you already have a license. According to your choice, you may be directed to our license trial page, or you may continue with software installation process. During so, if you decide to sign up for a TeamViewer Account, we will collect your name, email-address, a password of your choice, along with time, date, and time zone of you signing in and create a unique TeamViewer Account ID for your TeamViewer Account.
In some countries we may ask our users to provide their phone numbers for identification purposes. This may be done for the purposes of strengthening our security and ensuring proper authentication.
Furthermore, TeamViewer may process your personal data for the purposes of license management. When a customer activates the license with help of the license sync option, TeamViewer license server checks the information to assign the license to the correct customer. In doing so, some personal data may be processed, such as license information (e.g., license ID, roles and permissions, type), system information (e.g., license key, server configuration), user information (e.g., email-address, IP address, status, language, organization) or session information (ID, security tokens, IP address, username device, etc.).
TeamViewer is processing personal data in connection with license management in order to assign you the required license, and, consequently, for the performance of the contract with you.
The legal basis to process your personal data as described under this Section, is performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
C.1.2. Social Login Services
You also have the option to create or log in into a TeamViewer account via an identity provider, e.g., Microsoft, Google Ireland Ltd. (Gorden House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, etc.) (
Google
). This makes it easier for you to register for our Products. Through this, we offer you the possibility to register or log in into a TeamViewer account via an identity provider to use our Products.
If you use an identity provider, you will be forwarded to the identity provider’s page. There you can create an account or log in with an already existing account via your user data. The identity provider will ask for your consent to release certain information about your account to us. This data is collected by the identity provider and transmitted to us by the identity provider in compliance with the relevant provisions of the privacy notice. TeamViewer receives an identification token from the identity provider that contains information used to create, or connect to, your account (username and e-mail-address). TeamViewer will process the email-address and username received from this identity provider for registration and login to your account. To carry out this authentication process, your IP address is transmitted to the respective identity provider. We have no influence on the purpose and scope of the data collection and on the further processing of the data by the identity provider. For more information, please read the privacy policy of the respective provider. By using the login via an identity provider, you agree to this data transfer to us. TeamViewer will also directly collect from you some of the information needed for providing the account (as described above, C.1.1.). You can prevent the processing of your data by the respective identity provider by not using the identity provider but using our own registration form and signing up for a TeamViewer account.
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data in connection with an identity provider is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
C.1.3. Conducting remote connections
Whenever you run the TeamViewer Software client, the TeamViewer master server infrastructure will register whether the device is available for a connection session with other devices. To achieve that, it collects and processes your IP address, your location, TeamViewer ID, the MID, and your chosen user screen name. While trying to connect to another device, this data is exchanged between the TeamViewer master server infrastructure, selected TeamViewer routers, and the Software client of your envisaged connection partner. In addition, our servers will automatically collect certain remote connection metadata (so called logs, which can later be used to address and analyze technical bugs and difficulties).
The decision on which connection paths are used, in particular which routing servers, depends on the analysis of this data, considering e.g., geography and current workload on individual routers. Once you successfully connect to another device and thus establish a remote control or other session with your connection partner, certain session metadata such as a remote connection (session) ID will be collected and processed.
The legal basis to process your personal data as described under this Section, is performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
C.1.4. Using Text recognition feature (Frontline and Assist AR)
Functionalities of Frontline and Assist AR include, amongst others, a text recognition feature. It is based on the use of a text recognition API provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, United States (
Google LLC
), that also enables the activation of the Optical Character Recognition (
OCR
) functionality on smart glasses used with Frontline and Assist AR. If technically possible, the API contacts Google LLC's servers from time to time in order to receive things like bug fixes, updated models and hardware accelerator compatibility information. It may also send telemetry data about the performance and utilization of the API in the Assist AR App to Google LLC. Such data include device information, application information, device or other identifiers, performance metrics, API configuration, event type and error codes (you can find further information here). Google LLC uses this data to measure performance, debug, maintain and improve the API, and detect misuse or abuse, as further described in Google’s Privacy Policy.
The legal basis to process this personal data as described under this Section, is performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
C.1.5. Adding devices to your account
When you add so called managed devices to your TeamViewer account, we activate these devices as endpoints that are assigned to your license. To achieve that, TeamViewer collects, and processes certain data associated with those managed devices, e.g., screen name, TeamViewer ID, MID, email-address, TeamViewer Account ID, TeamViewer License ID and, if mobile device management is purchased: location data, and mobile device data. During the activation of an endpoint TeamViewer needs to ensure that the Product is used in accordance with the EULA and Product Specifications.
This is done to assign and enforce the license limits as agreed with you under your contract.
The legal basis to process your personal data as described under this Section, is performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
C.1.6. Using the Backup feature
If you choose to use our optional feature Backup, we may process the information on your purchased storage limits in order to assign you the relevant storage space and, in case the limit is reached, inform you of the storage limitation. Furthermore, we may process the information on your location, since your location is the determining factor when deciding the storage location for your personal data (e.g., if you are located within the European Union, you will be assigned the cloud in Europe).
We process certain information in order to manage your account and provide you Backup services under the contractual agreement with you.
The legal basis to process this personal data as described under this Section, is performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
C.1.7. Using add-ons
If you use add-ons (e.g., the security services provided by Malwarebytes Inc., the mobile device management provided by Ivanti UK Ltd. or the asset management and discovery provided by Lansweeper NV) we may process certain license information, your name, email address username, IP address, your device information and similar in order to activate your license and respectively link it to your TeamViewer Account.
The legal basis to process this personal data described under this Section, is performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
C.1.8. Product improvement and technical support
TeamViewer may process personal data to analyze server and device logs in order to identify vulnerabilities, crashes as well as other issues to consequently mitigate or fix them. During such analysis certain information that may include personal data is analyzed, such as the user information (e.g., email, IP address, status, language, organization), session ID, TeamViewer ID, call or workflow data, license data, call ID, workflow information (ID, title, etc.), multimedia assets (e.g., type of the asset, ID, name etc.), information related to certain task (ID; name, comment, creation date etc.), or picking information (order ID, shelf location, status etc.). We are processing your personal data in connection with product improvement activities in order to provide you with better and improved services, and, consequently, for the enhancement of the contract with you.
Please note that TeamViewer has put additional technical and organizational measures in place, e.g., pseudonymization as well as further strong technical and organizational measures to ensure security of the data. It is also important to note that we never access any content or connection data itself, but rather observe your interactions with our Software and Services.
For product improvement purposes, the overall usage patterns of TeamViewer Products are analyzed, e.g., information about how certain features of the Product and the Server Services are used, as well as the interactions. This may include the session metadata, feature usage (e.g., remote control, file transfer, settings, etc.), and how frequently they are being used. This information helps improve and further develop TeamViewer Products, e.g., to help decide whether certain functionalities of the Product shall be kept, amended, or improved, or whether to create new features or improve the design. Please note, that TeamViewer only assesses the interactions and at no point information or data that is being exchanged between you and your connection partner(s).
TeamViewer may analyze this data together with further information submitted to us, as further described under this Product Privacy Notice, as well as in our
General Privacy Notice
.
The legal basis to process this personal data described under this Section, is performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
C.1.9. Analyzing and fixing crashes in mobile applications
TeamViewer may process your personal data to analyze crashes in mobile applications. This is done only if the customer enables the automatic log of crashes. In such case, all crash logs are sent to TeamViewer server where they are analyzed, and bug fixes are implemented. Such crash logs may contain information on relevant sessions (ID, security tokens, IP address, username device, etc.), as well as device information (ID, device name, IP address, application version, device logs) or user information (e.g., email, IP address, status, language, organization).
The legal basis to process this personal data described under this Section, is performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
C.1.10. Using our AI Services
If you choose to use TeamViewer’s AI Services, you or your company’s administrator need to activate them. In this case, we may process your activation to the services. We deployed AI features within the AI Services from third parties to provide a better experience, and use of these features may involve us processing any personal data submitted to them. We recommend that users do not submit sensitive or confidential information.
The legal basis of this processing is fulfillment of the terms and conditions for the AI Services, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
We may use the data collected from your input, usage, interactions, outputs and feedback of the AI Services for product improvement purposes, including the enhancement and development of features and functionalities. This purpose does not comprise processing of personal data. We therefore de-identify session data by removing personal data on behalf of the customer as far as possible to prevent that personal data is processed by us. However, it cannot be excluded that after the de-identification there may still be some personal data left. TeamViewer has put additional technical and organizational measures in place, e.g., pseudonymization as well as further strong encryption measures to ensure the security of the data so that only a randomized ID will be processed by us for technical reasons. This way we ensure that the session data is de-identified and that there is no longer a connection to the session participants.
Legal basis of this processing described in this section is our legitimate interest as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Processing is in the legitimate interests of both TeamViewer and our Customers, in order to enhance the users’ experience and to provide a more accurate and reliable service to our Customers and Users.
C.2. Ensuring your security and that of others
The security of our customers, users and employees is extremely important for TeamViewer. To achieve these purposes, TeamViewer has implemented a number of processes and procedures, so that fraudulent or suspicious activities are identified, and TeamViewer may take appropriate action. These measures also serve the prevention of abuse and fraud by identifying abnormal or unexpected usage. To do so, we need to evaluate the usage of the Software in order to recognize abusive or abnormal patterns and thus to help protect our network and service integrity at any time. Doing so, we may process certain personal data, e.g., data associated with your remote connections, IP addresses, derived locations, various user interactions and patterns as well as device information (e.g., TeamViewer IDs). These processes are intended primarily to achieve the above aim i.e., to protect stakeholders as well as TeamViewer’s interests.
Subject to the Product, our users and customers also have the possibility to partake in the connection risk scoring (beta feature), which provides alerts within the Software on the possibly suspicious behavior of your connection partners. For these purposes, the results of our risk analysis are being used.
We will share information about the connecting user’s account with the recipient to establish that the connection is trusted. The user account data may include displayed country, domain of e-mail address, license status, age of account, VPN usage, etc.
If you believe we have blocked you and your devices in error, please contact our
customer support
in order to unblock your access.
The legal basis to process your personal data as described under this Section is, performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR, or our legitimate interest and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
C.3. Conducting license audits
We may analyze your use of the Product and/or Server Services for security purposes, as well as for license auditing. To that end, we may use, and implement technical measures regarding the functionality of the Product and the Server Services to assess whether your usage pattern is in line with the indicated usage volume and thus with the chosen license type, and to detect whether the contractually agreed scope of use is being exceeded by customers or users in individual cases.
The legal basis to process your personal data as described under this Section, is performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
C.3.1. Free Version
If you are using our so-called Free Version of the Software as defined in the
EULA
, we may analyze your Product usage data in accordance with Sections A.1, B.1.1, B.2.2, as well as B.1.8 of our
EULA
to assess whether your usage pattern is in line with your indicated usage purpose and thus with the chosen license type. This assessment, which may also include an analysis of the domain of an email-address you have provided in the course of signing up for a TeamViewer Account (see above Section C.1.1), will result in a so called “commercial score”. Depending on this score, we may determine that a fee-based license, as opposed to a Free Version, is required for your usage pattern of our Product, and we will inform you accordingly.
If you continue to use our Product in a way that indicates a violation of Section B.1.8 of the
EULA
, we may limit or ultimately block your access to the Server Services and ask you to purchase a fee-based license. In certain cases, this may involve an automatic decision-making process, where TeamViewer systems are configured to automatically put in place a limitation or even a blocking of your use of the Product.
If you think you are using our Product within the scope of the Free Version license, you may submit a corresponding request by way of our online form, for which we ask you to submit your name, email-address, affected TeamViewer ID, and an explanation on your usage. TeamViewer will then analyze your submission and again evaluate your detected usage patterns. In the course of the evaluation process, we may also ask you to submit a declaration confirming your use of our Product for private, non-commercial purposes only. For this declaration, we may ask you to submit your name, postal address, explanation of your usage, and your signature.
C.3.2. Paid license
If you have purchased our paid license, we may from time to time monitor your use of our services for license audit purposes, especially, to check whether your use of the Software and its features is in line with your license scope. If we determine any discrepancies and especially, the overuse, we may notify you via in-product messaging and ask you to discontinue the overuse or alternatively, purchase additional licenses.
Please refer to Section B.1.4 of the
EULA
in this connection.
If you will not discontinue the overuse or purchase additional licenses, we may block your Server Services until the dispute is resolved or terminate the agreement with you.
We may also process certain personal data in connection with your payments. In case of the payment defaults, in addition to sending out payment reminders, we may block your Software and Server Services in accordance with our
EULA
, as well as involve external debt collection agency.
C.4. Support and Feedback
C.4.1. Processing your feedback
When you provide feedback concerning your experience when using TeamViewer Products (e.g. through our
User Focus Program
, rating our products, or by reporting bugs or feature requests), we will collect and process your TeamViewer Account ID (if you provide the feedback while logged-in), your country and language settings, as well as any information you submit in your inquiry  or rating (including attachments such as log files or screen shots), which may contain your email-address, your name, company information, phone number, license key, or your TeamViewer ID. You may also provide us with logs stored on your local device for analytical purposes. In such case we will only process your data for the purposes of resolving the issue.
In the User Focus Program, any information disclosed in a survey, interview or recording may be processed in connection with product improvement activities. This may contain your email address, your name, company information, phone number, license key, audio and/or video recordings and TeamViewer Account ID.
The legal basis to process your personal data as described under this Section, is performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR, our legitimate interest and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR or your consent as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR
C.4.2. Providing technical support
When you request technical support, we may collect and process your data for providing support, e.g., for IT fault analysis, troubleshooting and remote maintenance. We may also process server logs and logs from your device, as provided by you.
The legal basis to process your personal data as outlined above under this Section is performance of our contract with you (i.e., the EULA) and thus as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
C.4.3. Bug Bounty Program (selected Products)
We embrace any responsible disclosure in order to make our Products and Services better. Therefore, we offer a clear guideline for ethical hackers by providing a
VDP
(Vulnerability Disclosure Policy) for selected Products which are subject to our choice. Our aim is to challenge ourselves by allowing you to investigate and discover various bugs or vulnerabilities pertaining to security exploits of our software.
You may participate in the so-called bug bounty or similar program anonymously. However, if you decide to submit your personal data, we may process it in order to properly identify you (e.g., your name, last name, pseudonym) as well as your contact information (e.g., email-address, postal address, phone number), your credentials, your country of residence and other personal information, as submitted by you.
The purpose of the processing is to work with you in order to resolve the bug and any associated topics around it. As mentioned above, you may also participate within the program anonymously.
The legal basis of this processing is fulfillment of the participation terms and conditions, i.e., Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
C.5. Marketing
TeamViewer may contact and inform its customers and users through in-product messages (using your TeamViewer ID and, if you are a registered user, your email-address) about changes to or improvements of our Products, entirely new products, or to provide you with tips on how to best use our Products as well as other useful information (e.g., on discounts, freebies or giveaways).
In determining whether and how we contact our customers and users, we may also process the license type, language and version of the Product, and/or country, and we may also draw on data we have gathered through analyses measures as described in Section C.5 of this Privacy Notice as well as Section C.6. of
our General Privacy Notice
.
If you would like to opt-out from receiving such in-product messages, please follow the instructions in
our Community
. For opting out from our email communication, please use the unsubscribe button included in the emails.
The legal basis to process your personal data as described under this Section is our legitimate interest and thus as described in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR on the basis of Section 7 para. 3 of the German Unfair Competition Act (UWG), or in some cases your consent, as defined in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
C.6. App-stores
Some of our apps can be downloaded in Google Play as well as on Apple App Store. The app-stores usually provide the app developers (in this case, TeamViewer), with statistics of the downloads including ratings of the relevant app. Please note, that these data are provided to TeamViewer within the app-store directly based on download and ratings of the users of our app, including you.
The Legal basis for processing your personal data in this regard is our legitimate interest, pursuant to Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
For more information on how your app-store process your personal data, please refer to their respective privacy policies:
Google Play
Apple AppStore
C.7. Processing within the scope of legal requirements
We may process your personal data to comply with applicable law or act upon valid legal proceedings, including inquiries from law enforcement or government agencies, to investigate or participate in civil discovery, litigation, or other adversarial legal proceedings.
The legal basis to process your personal data as outlined within this Section is compliance with a legal obligation, and thus Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c), or our legitimate interest and thus Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
D. Recipients
Our employees, who administer, maintain and further develop TeamViewer’s website, Products and Services may receive access to your personal data. To that end, TeamViewer has strong technical and organizational security measures to protect personal data against unauthorized disclosure to third parties and to ensure that only relevant individuals, who act within their job description and have a need-to-know interest in accessing any of your personal data, will have access to the data for which they have sufficient clearance.
In addition, we utilize services of external service providers (e.g., Microsoft, Amazon Web Services EMEA (SARL, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxemburg),Amazon Web Services, Inxmail GmbH (Wentzingerstr. 17, 79106 Freiburg), Cloudfare (101 Townsend St San Francisco, CA 94107), etc.), as well as our affiliate network worldwide (e.g., TeamViewer entities in Greece, USA, Australia, Austria, Japan etc.). Furthermore, TeamViewer may transfer your personal data to third parties (e.g., Google, Microsoft) in order to ensure the security of its services, or the security of its customers.
All mentioned third-party providers and employees of such providers may receive access to personal data through the service they provide.
TeamViewer chooses all third-party service providers with due care, obligates them to confidentiality, and concludes data processing agreements with them in accordance with the standards of the GDPR, as far as necessary. Should you have any questions about third parties we use, please contact us at
privacy@teamviewer.com
.
TeamViewer will generally not transfer your personal data outside the EU and/or EEA. However, there are some exceptions to this rule, which include data transfers for group internal services provided from outside the EU, including Australia, USA and Armenia as an example.
Whenever TeamViewer transfers your personal data out of the EU or the EEA to countries that do not have a level of protection recognized as adequate by the EU, we will apply safeguards to adequately protect your personal data. In particular, we will conclude model contracts with corresponding entities in accordance with applicable laws. Please refer to this
LINK
to obtain further information on the Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors established outside the EU or EEA.
If you use our Product, contact us through the contact, support, and feedback features, and/or if you request a quote, TeamViewer employees that are responsible for the respective service will receive access to your personal data. Aside from TeamViewer employees, your personal data may be processed by employees of third-party services providers, who assist us in handling your requests, e.g., if you use our chat functionality on the website, speak to us on the phone (e.g., external call centers), or contact us through forms on certain website landing pages (e.g., employees of the website support suppliers).
If you post a comment in TeamViewer’s community or blog, your comment content and name/username will be publicly available and may appear in search engines. Aside from TeamViewer employees, employees of the hosting company may receive access to your personal data as described in Section C.3.
If you purchase a TeamViewer Product, TeamViewer employees concerned with processing such transactions will receive access to your data. We also use the services of third-party payment token providers, such as PPRO Latin America GmbH and Adyen N.V. respectively. In addition, our fraud prevention software may also process your data on our behalf.
In connection with hosting and processing your data on your behalf, we may use certain Subprocessors, e.g., Anexia Internetdienstleistungs GmbH (
Anexia
), Amazon Web Services, IBM Deutschland GmbH, Google or TeamViewer Austria GmbH, etc.
TeamViewer may transfer your personal data to third parties if we offer participation in campaigns, contests, reservations, or contract agreements in conjunction with a third party. In this case, you will be specifically informed about the transmission to the third parties.
For web analytics and (re-)marketing activities, we rely on a number of third-party providers, which will process personal data on our behalf as explained in more detail in
our Cookie Notice
.
TeamViewer may transfer your personal data to third-parties to undergo security and trust related operations, like Know-Your-Client (
KYC
) operations, scam or abuse detection, or any type of defensive action (e.g., fight against DDoS, etc.). Such third-parties are, but not limited to, Microsoft, Google, Anexia, etc.
Finally, TeamViewer uses external third-party service providers to help operate its business, such as providers of IT operation and maintenance services, (cloud) storage service providers and providers of (cloud) collaboration tools. Examples include Amazon Web Services, and Microsoft (Dynamics 365, Azure).
E.
Retention and deletion
TeamViewer retains your personal data for as long as is necessary according to the relevant legal basis for its processing. The exact retention period will thus depend on the categories of personal data and the processing purposes. In some cases, we are legally required to retain personal data for a certain period of time. Once this period has lapsed and a purpose for processing the data no longer exists, we will delete or anonymize the data in accordance with data protection obligations. The information about your TeamViewer account will be kept as long as your user relationship exists. In general, TeamViewer accounts are deleted after two years of account inactivity. Account inactivity means that you have not logged into your TeamViewer account with an active internet connection. Accounts are deemed active as long as they are connected or attached to a valid paid license. A deviating deletion term may apply, in particular due to regional requirements and/or security reasons.
F. Statutory/contractual requirement
You may choose not to provide your personal data or provide incomplete personal data. However, you should be aware that you may not be able to engage in a contractual relationship with us or receive adequate support from us.
G. Special processing cases
Please refer to Section C.6 of our General Privacy Notice in this regard.
H. Your Rights
You may contact us either in writing by email at
privacy@teamviewer.com
or via
web form
in order to exercise the following rights to the extent you are entitled to so under applicable law:
You have the right to request information about the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 13 and 14 GDPR (Right to information);
You may request access to your personal data as well as request a copy of your personal data (right of access, Art. 15 GDPR);
You may request that we supplement, correct or delete your personal data (Right to rectification, Art. 16 GDPR and Right to erasure, Art. 17 GDPR); the right of rectification also comprises the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement;
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (Right to restriction of processing, Art. 18 GDPR);
You may request to receive your personal data, which you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit it without hindrance or have it transmitted to another controller (Right to data portability, Art. 20 GDPR).
You may object, at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data which is based on the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. The processing of your personal data will then be cancelled, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims (Right to object, Art. 21 GDPR).
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in relation to the processing of your personal data.
The relevant supervisory authority for TeamViewer is
Der Landesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit, Lautenschlagerstraße 20, 70173 Stuttgart, Germany
.
Should you have any questions on the processing of your personal data by TeamViewer in relation to your contractual relationship, please contact
privacy@teamviewer.com
.
I. Compliance with the CCPA
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (
CCPA
), you will not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a privacy request on your behalf.
J. Compliance with Brazilian LGPD
TeamViewer has checked the compliance topic with the Brazilian Data Protection Law Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (Law No. 13,709/2018) (
LGPD
) to ensure that our measures and procedures under the GDPR cover the topics within the LGPD. The privacy notice under the LGPD is available for Brazilian visitors and users under
www.teamviewer.com/en-us/privacy-notice
.
K. Changes to this Notice
TeamViewer may, from time to time, make amendments to this Privacy Notice to reflect the changes in our processing activities.
Privacy Notice for Cookies
Version as of July 2022
TeamViewer Germany GmbH and its affiliates take protection of your personal data very seriously. Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as name, address, email-addresses, IP address, or user behavior etc. The following privacy notice (“
Cookie Notice
”) provides you with information about the processing of personal data in relation to our use of so-called “cookies”, pixels and similar technologies, (together, “
Cookies
”) on our websites, as well as their business purpose and how they allow us to improve our service and run our business. It also tells you how you can manage or delete the Cookies that are stored on your device or manage the use of Cookies.
A. Controller
TeamViewer Germany GmbH (“
TeamViewer
”), Bahnhofsplatz 2, 73033 Göppingen, Germany is controller pursuant to Art. 4 para. 7 General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) concerning any processing of personal data for which we determine the purpose and means of processing. TeamViewer is responsible for the Cookies set on all of our websites.
The exception applies with regards to the sub-page
Investor Relations
(“
IR
”). For the cookies set on the IR sub-page, TeamViewer SE is the controller under the GDPR.
B. Data Protection Officer (DPO)
TeamViewer appointed an external data protection officer (DPO). In addition, TeamViewer established a dedicated Privacy team, which closely collaborates with the DPO. The Privacy team as well as the DPO can be reached at
privacy@teamviewer.com
or at TeamViewer Germany GmbH, for the confidential attention of the DPO, Bahnhofsplatz 2, 73033 Göppingen, Germany.
C. All about the Cookies
C.1. What are the Cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing information related to your internet settings, which are downloaded by your browser to the device you use when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website (first-party Cookies) on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that Cookie (third-party Cookies). Cookies perform a variety of useful jobs, such as remembering your preferences, adapting the content that you see and improving your online experience.
C.2. When and how does TeamViewer place Cookies?
TeamViewer uses Cookies on its websites (such as teamviewer.com, login.teamviewer.com, teamViewerIOT.com, and other TeamViewer sub-domains such as login.teamviewer.com, get.teamviewer.com, www.lifear.com) and applications. Any device with which you are visiting these websites will receive at least some Cookies from TeamViewer, depending on the consent that you give when first visiting our website or changing your Cookie preferences at a later stage.
When you visit our websites for the first time with a specific device, we will ask you to choose your preferences through our Cookie banner (“
Banner
”). Within the Banner you can make a choice according to your wishes, either allowing us to set certain or all Cookies by category, limiting the setting of the Cookies or not selecting any at all. Please note, however, that some Cookies will always be active, and we do not ask for your consent for these. This applies for “strictly necessary” Cookies, because – as their name suggests – we need to place them for the proper functioning of our website (see also Strictly Necessary Cookies section below).
The legal basis for the collection and processing of personal data in this case is, therefore, your consent, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a), Art. 49 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR or our legitimate interest, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR respectively.
If you are using the Free Version software as defined in our EULA and Product Specifications, we may place certain third-party Cookies (e.g., Google Analytics) on your device regardless of your preferences based on contract pursuant to Section B.2.2 of our EULA. As specified in our EULA, a key element of and part of the product specification for the Free Version software is the display and receipt of personalized marketing messages in the software as well as the processing of personal data necessary to provide such personalization. In this context, we set certain cookies which enables TeamViewer to analyze your product usage as well as your browsing behavior on our websites. In doing so, we may assess your product usage history (e.g., how long or how often have you been using TeamViewer), how you interacted with our in-product messages, how often have you visited our websites or which pages have you looked at. This information then will help us determine the offers that are, in our opinion, most relevant for you on our website, ads or through in-product-messages.
Otherwise, you can change your preferences at any time in our Cookie Settings.
C.3. What types of Cookies are being used?
There are different types of Cookies used web-wide, that differ from each other by the various criteria, aims as well as the purposes. TeamViewer, as many other companies in the world, utilizes different sets of Cookies depending on which purpose we are pursuing. TeamViewer uses i.e., functional and strictly necessary Cookies in order to make our websites function properly and to display contents in accordance with your location (e.g., language settings), and we also use marketing and retargeting Cookies, e.g., Google Ads or Google Analytics.
Different types regarding the provider of the Cookie
TeamViewer uses both, first- and third-party Cookies. First party Cookies are those set by TeamViewer itself. All other Cookies are third party Cookies, from companies such as Google Analytics, Facebook, LinkedIn etc. In some cases, the information derived from these Cookies may allow us to associate information with an identifiable individual, i.e., personal data.
Different types regarding the duration of storage
Session Cookies
Session Cookies last only for the duration of your visit of our website and are deleted when you close your browser. These help us to identify that a user of a particular device is navigating from page to page, supporting website security or basic functionality. Many of the Cookies we use are session Cookies. For example, they help us to measure the average time you spend on our website.
Persistent Cookies
Persistent Cookies continue to exist even after you have closed your browser and allow a website to remember your actions and preferences, particularly remember you as an existing user. Sometimes persistent Cookies are used by websites to provide targeted advertising based upon the browsing history of the device. TeamViewer uses persistent Cookies in a few ways, for example to distinguish users of our website and/or our products.
Different types regarding the purpose of use
Both session as well as persistent Cookies can serve different purposes and may be placed either by TeamViewer or by a third party. We differentiate between
strictly necessary Cookies, performance Cookies, functional Cookies, and marketing and targeting Cookies.
a) Strictly necessary Cookies
These Cookies are essential in order to enable us to provide you with basic and security features of our website. Without these Cookies, certain services you have asked for cannot be provided, such as the use of areas of our website that are restricted to registered users (a Cookie, which identifies registered users to recognize them throughout the visit and upon return, e.g., within the login area of our Management Console) and webshop related services. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. These Cookies are not implemented to gather information about you for other purposes such as marketing or analytics.
b) Performance cookies
These Cookies are used to collect information about the performance of our website and your visit and use of our website, for example, the number of visitors that used our website and the pages that are popular among our visitors. These Cookies do not collect information that directly identifies a visitor, although they may collect the IP address of the device used to access the site. Such information is used for the purpose of improving our website and the general user experience. Without the performance Cookies we will not be able to improve our website and its functionalities to provide you with the best surfing experience. If you do not allow these Cookies, your visit to our site will not be counted, which will negatively impact us when trying to improve our website.
c) Functional Cookies
These Cookies allow TeamViewer’s website to remember your preferences, such as your username, language settings, and/or the region you are in. These Cookies help to provide enhanced, more personal features. They can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize or provide services you have asked for such as watching a video, using the chat functionality or commenting on a blog. These Cookies do not track your browsing activity across other websites.
d) Marketing and Targeting Cookies
These Cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. These Cookies collect several pieces of information about your browsing habits. They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations, such as media publishers. These organizations do this in order to provide you with targeted adverts more relevant to you and your interests. This type of advertising is called online behavioral advertising. Furthermore, these Cookies allow us to analyze your website browsing behavior and thus allows us to customize our product marketing approach, e.g., help us decide on whether, when, and how to inform or get in touch with you based on your interests.
D. Is personal data about you processed through Cookies?
Not all Cookies collect and process personal data about you. Instead, anonymous data may be used in many cases. In certain instances, however, Cookies will help us and our partners to collect and process personal data. Below sections will tell you more about the applicable categories of personal data and the purposes of the collection and processing that occur in this context. In general, it can be said that the data serves to provide the best possible experience to you when you use our websites and products and to further business interests of TeamViewer.
Please note that you can stop such collection and processing of personal data the same way you can stop the use of Cookies in general (see more under the Cookie Settings).
D.1. Personal data processed through web analytics and (re-)marketing applications
TeamViewer uses various web analytic applications and (re-)marketing tools, social media plugins, as well as third party integrated services. By and through these applications and tools, personal data as set out in this Cookie Notice are collected and may be combined with other personal data, we may collect from you.
1. Google Analytics and other analysis tools provided by Google
TeamViewer uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA / Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin, Ireland, or any other Affiliate of Google LLC (“
Google
“). When you visit our website for the first time and consent to our use of Cookies, you will be assigned a cookie with a unique user identification, i.e., a Google Analytics Client ID depending on your Cookie settings.
TeamViewer uses Google Analytics with the extension “anonymizeIp()”. Thereby, IP addresses are processed in a shortened form. The information generated by cookies about your use of this website is usually transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the USA. Only in exceptional circumstances will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of the Google Analytics data collection will not be merged with other data from Google.
The legal basis to conduct and use the results of these analyses is your consent, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a), Art. 49 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
Other tools TeamViewer uses in this context that are also provided by Google include:
Google Tag Manager (a tag management system that allows TeamViewer to quickly and easily update tracking codes and related code fragments, collectively known as “tags” on our website or mobile app);
Google Big Query (an enterprise data warehouse that enables SQL queries using the processing power of Google’s infrastructure; TeamViewer uses Big Query to store and query data sets which are collected by Google services such as Google Analytics, and the Big Query data is used to build flexible reports for evaluating our website performance);
Google Display Network (used to measure the impact of unclicked Google Display Network ad impressions on the website, behavior of users, and conversions; please refer to https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/3105620 for further information); and
Google Optimize (for A/B testing, offering to analyze user behavior by showing slightly varied website contents to different user groups, depending on profile matching; thereby, TeamViewer analyzes its online services, improves its web offerings, and can create an interesting user journey).
TeamViewer uses data gathered through your Google Analytics Client ID as well as other data generated from Google’s web analytics applications in order to perform analyses of your interactions with our products, services, and websites. With the help of Google’s Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, we will receive analyses on our users’ age, gender, and interest categories (please refer to https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2799357?hl=en for further information).
Please visit the website https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en for an overview on Google’s approach on data protection for Google Analytics as well as their privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
2. Security and identification
TeamViewer may use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter “reCAPTCHA”) on our websites. This service is provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”).
reCAPTCHA is used to check whether the data entered on our website (such as on a contact form or log-in area) has been entered by a human or by an automated program. To do this, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitor based on various characteristics. This analysis starts automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the website. For the analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information (e.g., IP address, how long the visitor has been on the website, or mouse movements made by the user). The data collected during the analysis will be forwarded to Google.
For more information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google’s privacy policy, please visit Google information pages linked
here
and
here
.
The legal basis for the data processing in this connection is the legitimate interest of TeamViewer, Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR, since we have a legitimate interest in protecting its site from abusive automated crawling and spam
.
3. (Re-)Marketing/retargeting applications
a) Google AdWords Conversion and Google Remarketing
TeamViewer uses Google AdWords in order to generate attention for our products and services by conducting targeted advertising campaigns on third-party websites and apps. Data generated by such campaigns helps us to determine the success rate of individual campaigns. We aim at providing you with advertisement that is of interest to you, to make its website more interesting, and calculate advertising expenses accurately.
The legal basis for such processing of personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a), Art. 49 para 1 lit. a) GDPR, therefore, your consent.
TeamViewer uses Ad Server Cookies, which scale certain parameters, such as display of ads or clicks by users. When you click on an ad delivered by Google that redirects you to our website, a cookie is stored on your computer by Google AdWords. These cookies usually expire within 30 days and are not supposed to be used to personally identify a user. In addition to these cookies, analytic values like a unique cookie ID, quantity of Ad impressions per storing, last impression and opt-out information (markings that the user does not want to be addressed any further) are usually stored. These cookies enable Google to recognize your internet browser.
If you visit certain pages on our website and provided the cookie stored on your device has not yet expired, we as well as Google are able to recognize that you clicked on an ad and were redirected to our website. Every Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Therefore, cookies cannot be tracked across different sites by TeamViewer, as is the case for all other AdWords customers. We merely receive statistical evaluations from Google. By and through these statistical evaluations, we can evaluate which advertisement campaign was particularly effective. Any additional data generated by the particular advertisement is not forwarded to TeamViewer; particularly, we cannot personally identify users through this information.
Through this (re-)marketing tool, your browser automatically connects to Google’s servers. Please note that scope and further use of the data processed by Google are subject to Google’s privacy policy and beyond TeamViewer’s control. We thus inform you based on our own knowledge:
By integrating AdWords, Google receives information that you visited a particular TeamViewer website or part thereof, and/or that you clicked on one of our advertisements. If you are registered with one of Google’s services, Google is able to match your visit to your Google account. Google may receive your IP address and/or may store it even if you are not registered with one of Google’s services and/or if you have not been logged in.
You may avoid tracking in various ways, e.g. through a setting of your browser software, particularly, by suppressing third party cookie installation in order to prevent receiving third-party ads; deactivating AdWords Cookies, by setting your browser so that cookies from www.googleadservices.com are being blocked; this can be done at https://adssettings.google.com/anonymous, however, such settings are deleted if you delete cookies; or permanently deactivating cookies in your browser under https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996.
Further information on Google’s approach to data privacy can be found under https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en. Alternatively, you can disable the use of cookies for interest-based advertising via the advertising network initiative, by following the instructions at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/.
In addition to Google AdWords, TeamViewer uses the tool “Google Remarketing”. This is an application that allows us to address you again, even when you have left our website. After visiting our website and while you are surfing the internet, our advertisement can be displayed to you by and through this application. This is enabled by cookies stored on your device, which track and analyze user behavior on different websites for Google. Google can track your previous visits to our website.
According to its own statement, Google does not combine data gathered through Remarketing with any personal data Google may have stored about you. Furthermore, the data processed for these purposes is generally limited to pseudonymous information. If you do not want to be exposed to data processing through the Google Remarketing feature, you can disable it by changing the appropriate settings at https://adssettings.google.com/anonymous.
b) Social media tracking tools, including “tracking pixels”
We may also use other tools on our website allowing us to offer you a more personalized and engaged web experience by offering you advertisements on your social media channels that are more relevant to you. To that end, we use cookie-based tools offered by the following third-party social media providers:
Facebook Inc.
, 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA; for further information on the implemented tool, please refer to https://developers.facebook.com/docs/facebook-pixel/implementation#base-code; additional information on data collection: https://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084
LinkedIn Corporation
, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California 94043, USA; for further information on the implemented tool and how to opt out of corresponding tracking, please refer to https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out; for further information on LinkedIn’s approach to privacy refer to: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?trk=uno-reg-guest-home-privacy-policy
Twitter Inc.
, 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA; for further information on the implemented tool and how to opt out of corresponding tracking, please refer to https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads; for further information on Twitter’s approach to privacy refer to: https://twitter.com/en/privacy.
Microsoft Corp.
, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA; for further information on the implemented tool and how to opt out, please refer to https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/signedout?lang=en-US; for further information on Microsoft’s approach to privacy refer to: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement.
In each case, we integrate snippets of code provided by these social media operators that load a small library of functions (sometimes referred to as “tracking pixels”, i.e., transparent, pixel-sized images embedded in websites with a tracking functionality). These functions enable us to track your activities on our website, such as URLs visited, domains visited, device(s) used, and, in particular, advertising conversions (i.e., actions counted when you interact with one of our ads, such as clicking it and purchasing our product afterwards). They rely on cookies placed by the mentioned third-party providers, which may also enable us to match our website visitors to respective user accounts on the respective social media platforms.
The legal basis for such processing of personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a), Art. 49 para 1 lit. a) GDPR, e.g., your consent. Please take note of your options to opt-out of such tracking and remarketing mentioned above.
E. Supplementary information
Not all Cookies collect and process personal data about you. Instead, anonymous data may be used in many cases. In certain instances, however, Cookies We may embed external content from third party websites (e.g., Facebook, YouTube) within our website periodically. In addition to this, we sometimes partner with third parties who provide services for us which you can navigate to from our website. These third parties may use Cookies, you can find out about their approach to Cookies on their websites.
Privacy Notice of TeamViewer SE
Version as of April 2022
Introduction
We, TeamViewer SE, take protection of your personal data very seriously. The following notice provides an overview of how we ensure this protection and what kind of data is processed, and why. Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, for example your name, address, email addresses, number of shares, the information which intermediary bank you are using.
A. Controller
TeamViewer SE, Bahnhofsplatz 2, 73033 Göppingen,
ir@teamviewer.com
, is controller of your personal data pursuant to Art. 4 para. 7 General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”).
B. Data Protection Officer (DPO)
TeamViewer SE appointed Ms. Katja Hauser as external data protection officer, who can be reached at
privacy@teamviewer.com
, or at intersoft consulting services AG, DSB TeamViewer, Dürener Str. 189, 50931 Cologne.
C. Purpose of processing and respective legal basis
TeamViewer SE collects and processes different categories of personal data depending on the relevant purpose of the use, especially in connection with the management of investor and shareholder relations. The following sections outline the categories of data processed by us and respective purposes for such processing. If the legal basis for a processing is your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time, such withdrawal however will not have any impact on the legitimacy of the processing itself prior to withdrawal of your consent.
I. Management of investor relations
We may process your personal data collected at the events or roadshows, such as your name and contact information, as well as in connection with our Investor Relations News Alert (in case you have subscribed to it) or if you decide to get in touch with us via email or phone. Legal basis for the processing is your consent, Art. 6, para. 1 lit (a) GDPR or our legitimate interest, Art. 6, para. 1 lit (f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to answer your questions, provide information and maintain our investor relations.
II. Processing of personal data of shareholders and their representative
We may process your personal data such as your name, contact information, your email address, your representative, your intermediary bank, number of shares in connection with you purchasing shares in TeamViewer SE. Such information is used to fulfil our legal obligations (e.g. inform the regulatory bodies if shareholders reach certain levels of share ownership) as well as organize annual shareholder meetings (“
Shareholder Meeting
”), including but not limited to preparing and sending out the invitations, issuing voting cards or respectively voting right tickets, compiling the list of participants and processing the power of attorneys. Legal basis for the processing is the legal obligation under stock corporation law to which we are a subject to, Art. 6, para. 1 lit (c) GDPR.
III. Processing of personal data in connection with Shareholder Meetings
We may conduct our Shareholder Meetings either in person or without presence using the means of remote communication (“
virtual Shareholder Meeting
”) with the option of participating by an electronic connection.
In order to enable shareholders and their representatives to participate in the Shareholder Meeting (e.g. by checking their eligibility to participate) and to exercise their rights at the Shareholder Meeting (including granting and revoking powers of attorney and instructions) as well as to ensure a proper conduct of the Shareholder Meeting, the observance of voting bans, the lawful adoption of resolutions and evaluation of cast votes at the Shareholder Meeting, we may process the name, contact information, registration number, number of shares, voting behavior and results, submitted questions, statements (in writing or via video message), motions, counter-motions, nominations, instructions and objections of our shareholders and their representatives, and login information for our designated shareholder portal (shareholder/voting card number and password). Legal basis for the processing is the legal obligation under stock corporation law to which we are a subject to, Art. 6, para. 1 lit (c) GDPR.
The entire Shareholder Meeting may be broadcast live and publicly accessible on the Internet by means of video and audio transmission. If the Shareholder Meeting is conducted in person and you enter the recording area or make a verbal contribution during recording activities, this live broadcast will include your appearance and verbal contribution. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6, para. 1 lit (f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to enable interested shareholders and the public to follow the Shareholder Meeting via the Internet in accordance with the express permission in the German Stock Corporation Act and our by-laws.
Insofar as we take down in shorthand your verbal contributions during the Shareholder Meeting without being legally obliged to do so, this is done to ensure the proper conduct of the Shareholder Meeting and to be able to deal with your questions and motions. The stenographic minutes will not be published. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6, para. 1 lit (f) GDPR and our legitimate interest is to ensure that the Shareholder Meeting is executed properly and that our shareholders’ participation rights can be realized in the best possible way.
If you make use of the opportunity to submit questions, statements (in writing or via video message), motions, counter-motions, nominations or other requests that are dealt with or made available during or before the Shareholder Meeting, this will generally be done by stating your name, which other participants of the Shareholder Meeting may take note of. If we are not legally obliged to state your name in this context, the legal basis for the processing is Art. 6, para. 1 lit (f) GDPR and our legitimate interest is to inform the other shareholders of the name of the applicant.
IV. Processing of personal data in connection with the shareholder portal
If we conduct the Shareholder Meeting virtually, the shareholders and their representatives will not be able to physically attend the meeting. They can, however, follow the entire meeting via video and audio transmission through the designated shareholder portal. In connection with the virtual Shareholder Meeting we will process your voting card number, log-in password, type of the power of attorney and personal data of your representative, as well as the instructions issued in connection with the Shareholder Meeting and any other information submitted by you in the shareholder portal. Legal basis for the processing is the legal obligation under stock corporation law to which we are a subject to, Art. 6, para. 1 lit (c) GDPR.
If we conduct a virtual Shareholder Meeting and provide the shareholder portal to enable you to conveniently manage your shareholder data, we will collect and process certain personal data on the web server log files, when you visit our shareholder portal in order to log in to attend the virtual Shareholder Meeting, manage your shareholder data or exercise your shareholder’s rights:
Date and time of the request
Notification whether the request was successful
Requested URL
Referrer URL (the previously visited page), if your browser sends this information
Type of used web browser and operating system used
IP address
Port by which the access was made
Actions performed within the portal
Session ID and data
Successful logins and logouts with the time stamp
Your browser automatically transfers this data to us when you visit our shareholder portal.
Legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest, Art. 6, para. 1 lit (f) GDPR, since we have a legitimate interest in making the shareholder portal available to you and your representatives so that you can exercise your shareholder rights in a user-friendly manner and participate in the virtual Shareholder Meeting.
D. Cookies
If we use cookies in the provision of the shareholder portal, we will only do so if this is necessary for the operation of the shareholder portal or if you have given your consent. In this case, when you visit the shareholder portal, we will inform you in a pop-up window about our cookies and associated data processing before using cookies and, if necessary, ask you for your voluntary consent.
E. Data Sources
If you are a shareholder, we receive your personal data either directly from you or from the custodian credit institutions or intermediaries who are involved in the deposit of shares you purchased.
If you act as representative of a shareholder, we receive your personal data from the shareholder who granted you the power of attorney and directly from you as far as your behavior during the Shareholder Meeting or your use of the shareholder portal is concerned.
F. Recipients
TeamViewer SE’s employees, who administer, maintain and manage our internal processes, will have access to your personal data. To that end, TeamViewer SE has strong technical and organizational security measures to protect personal data against unauthorized disclosure to third parties and to ensure that only relevant individuals, who act within their job description and have a need-to-know interest in accessing any of your personal data, will have access to the data for which they have sufficient clearance.
Aside from TeamViewer SE’s employees, your personal data may be processed by employees of third-party services providers, who assist us in our daily business, such as providers of IT operation and maintenance services, (cloud) storage service providers and providers of (cloud) collaboration tools, as well as PR agencies. We use certain service providers in order to provide services typical for the capital market, such as EQS Group AG and Nasdaq Corporate Solutions International Ltd. for the management of investor relations as well as Link Market Services GmbH for the management of shareholder relations and Shareholder Meetings. Link Market Services GmbH also operates the shareholder portal used for organizing virtual Shareholder Meetings, exclusively on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
TeamViewer SE selects all third-party service providers with due care, obligates them to confidentiality, and concludes data processing agreements (DPAs) with them (including the providers listed above) in accordance with the standards of the GDPR, as applicable. Should you have any questions about third parties we use, please contact us at
ir@teamviewer.com
.
In addition to above cases, your personal data may also be disclosed during or in connection with the Shareholder Meetings. If you, as a shareholder, make use of the opportunity to submit questions and your questions are dealt with during the Shareholder Meeting, this will generally be done by stating your name. The above applies likewise regarding the submission of statements (in writing or via video message), the publication of which will show your name and, in the case of a statement via video message, images of yourself. If you submit items for the agenda, motions, counter-motions or nominations that we have to make publicly available, e.g. on our company’s website, before the Shareholder Meeting pursuant to our obligations under stock corporation law, this will also generally be done by stating your name. Other participants of the Shareholder Meeting or even the public may take note of this. Furthermore, other shareholders, their representatives where applicable or other participants of the meeting can view the personal data contained in the participant list during the Shareholder Meeting and, if applicable, up to two years thereafter in accordance with Sec. 129 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).
TeamViewer SE will generally not transfer your personal data outside the EU and/or EEA. However, there are some exceptions to this rule, which include data transfers for group internal IT services provided from outside the EU, including Australia, USA and Armenia. TeamViewer SE will otherwise transfer your personal data outside the EU and/or EEA only when required to do so by law or in case of orders from a competent authority. Currently we transfer personal data to our provider Nasdaq Corporate Solutions International Ltd. in the US. Legal basis for such transfer is a DPA with EU standard contractual clauses.
Whenever TeamViewer SE transfers your personal data out of the EU or the EEA to countries that do not have an adequate level of data protection recognized by the EU, we will apply safeguards to adequately protect your personal data. In particular, we will conclude standard contractual clauses with corresponding entities and /. Please refer to
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en
to obtain further information on the Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors established outside the EU or the EEA.
We will not share your personal data with local authorities or courts except where we are required to do so by applicable law, a court order or a legally binding injunction. We may be obliged to pass on your personal data to other recipients, such as when publishing voting rights notifications in accordance with the provisions of the German Securities Trading Act, or to authorities in order to comply with statutory notification obligations (e.g. to financial or criminal prosecution authorities).
G. Retention periods for personal data
Your personal data will be deleted once you withdraw consent, or once the purpose for processing has ceased to exist. In some cases, TeamViewer SE is legally obligated to retain data for a certain period of time. Your personal data will be deleted or anonymized as soon as they are no longer required for the purposes listed under Section C. and if the deleting or anonymizing does not conflict with legal requirements for proof and storage.
H. Statutory/contractual requirement
You may choose not to provide your personal data or provide incomplete personal data. However, by not providing your personal data, we may not be able to provide you with the relevant service or support, e.g. enable you to participate in our Shareholder Meeting or use all of the functionalities of our website; where we ask for consent and you choose not to provide it, or you block, disable or delete cookies, we may not be able to provide you with the information or service requested.
I. Your rights
You may contact us, e.g. under ir@teamviewer.com, in order to exercise the following rights to the extent you are entitled to under applicable law:
You may request access to your personal data as well as request a copy of your personal data (right of access, Art. 15 GDPR);
You may request that we supplement, correct or delete your personal data (Right to rectification, Art. 16 GDPR and Right to erasure, Art. 17 GDPR); the right of rectification also comprises the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement;
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (Right to restriction of processing, Art. 18 GDPR);
You may request to receive your personal data, which you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit it without hindrance or have it transmitted to another controller (Right to data portability, Art. 20 GDPR);
You may object, at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data which is based on the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. The processing of your personal data will then be cancelled, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims (Right to object, Art. 21 GDPR).
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in relation to the processing of your personal data. In order to lodge a complaint, please contact the supervisory authority competent for your place of residency or alternatively, you may contact “Der Landesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit, Lautenschlagerstraße 20, 70173 Stuttgart, Germany“.
Should you have any questions, please contact
ir@teamviewer.com
.
J. Changes to this Notice
TeamViewer may, from time to time, make amendments to this notice to reflect the changes in our processing activities.
PRIVACY STATEMENT – BRAZIL
Version as of March 2024
This Privacy Annex for users located in Brazil supplements the information contained in the
TeamViewer Privacy Policies
located at www.teamviewer.com/en-us/privacy-policy and applies solely to visitors, users and others who reside in Brazil (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this annex to comply with the Brazilian Data Protection Law Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (Law No. 13,709/2018) (“LGPD”). Any terms defined in the LGPD have the same meaning when used in this annex.
LGPD
On September 18, 2020, the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) came into effect for Brazilian residents. In addition to the rights outlined in our Privacy Policies, as a user located in Brazil, you may be able to exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information that we have collected, subject to certain limitations:
The right to confirmation of the existence of the processing.
You have the right to ask that we confirm whether we process your personal data.
The right to access the data.
You have the right to access the personal data we hold about you and certain information about how we use it and who we share it with, including information about any public and private entities we have shared your personal data with.
The right to correct incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date data.
If you want to correct or revise any of the data we retain on you, you may do so by accessing your account and the information contained within it.
The right to anonymize, block, or delete unnecessary or excessive data or data that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD.
Please note that, depending on the request, this may result in a suspension or discontinuation of certain services and may be governed by legal and/or contractual retention guidelines.
The right to the portability of data to another service or product provider, by means of an express request.
We provide you with the ability to move any of your account data to a third party, at any time.
The right to delete personal data processed with the consent of the data subject.
You have a right to request the permanent deletion of your data, subject to certain exceptions. However, please note that exercising this right may result in a suspension or discontinuation of services and may also be governed by legal and/or contractual retention guidelines.
The right to information about the possibility of not giving consent and about the consequences of the refusal.
You have the right to ask us to provide information about the possibility of not giving consent for the processing of your personal data and the consequences of such refusal.
The right to revoke consent.
Please note that not all of these rights listed above are absolute, and limitations/exceptions apply in some cases. For example, we may not be able to fully comply with your request if we are bound by certain legal restrictions or contractual requirements, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision.
Exercising Data Portability and Deletion Rights
To exercise the data portability and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by contacting us under
privacy@teamviewer.com
, at 1-800-638-0253, or
submitting a ticket
on our website.
We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. The verifiable consumer request must:
We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or a legal representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within thirty (30) days. The response we provide may explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Payment Processor Terms
For orders placed in Brazil, PPRO Payment Services (“PPRO”) may provide you with payment processing services. In such cases, once the registration on the TeamViewer website is completed, the user will be able to choose among the local payment methods that PPRO makes available. The user acknowledges and declares that, before making the purchase, they knew of and had access to the information about the goods and services offered, in addition to the specific conditions related to the user's rights, according to the payment instrument used at the time of purchase fully and unlimitedly exempting PPRO from any liability in relation to the purchase carried out on the TeamViewer website. The user also declares they are aware and agrees to only provide correct and truthful information when making the purchase, fully and unlimitedly exempting PPRO from any responsibility for the data provided.
Changes to Our Privacy Annex
We reserve the right to amend this privacy annex at our discretion and at any time.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this annex, our Privacy Policies, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under Brazilian law, you may contact us at:
TeamViewer
Attn: LGPD Data Processing Officer Committee
5741 Rio Vista Drive
Clearwater, FL 33760
United States of America
LGPDprivacy@teamviewer.com
1-800-638-0253
Data Protection Information Sheet for TeamViewer Customers
Version as of July 17th, 2023
This Data Protection Information Sheet provides an overview of how TeamViewer Germany GmbH, Bahnhofsplatz 2, 73033 Göppingen, Germany (hereinafter “TeamViewer” or “we”) collects and processes personal data of its customers.
Processing as Processor.
When you use TeamViewer software and services as a customer (hereinafter “Customer” or “you”) and you are not a natural person, using the software or services in a purely personal or family activity (cf. Art. 2(2)(c) EU General Data Protection Regulation, “GDPR”), TeamViewer processes personal data in the meaning of Art. 4 GDPR and acts as Processor, whereas you act as Controller (Art. 28 GDPR). In the following, in addition to our
TeamViewer DPA
and related
annexes
, as amended from time to time, we summarize what personal data we collect, process or use and what rights data subjects are entitled to in connection with the use of our software and services.
Processing as Controller.
In addition, we process personal data as “controller” under the GDPR when providing our software and services. Information on such processing activities in accordance with Art. 13, 14 GDPR can be found in our
Privacy Notice for TeamViewer Products
.
Information on data processing.
In connection with the use of TeamViewer software and services, we perform the processing activities described in
Annex 1
to our DPA, as amended from time to time. In connection with these processing activities, we use subcontractors, as set forth in
Annex 3
to our DPA, as amended from time to time.
Technical and organizational measures.
When processing personal data, TeamViewer complies with Art. 32 GDPR and implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of the processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons. The measures adopted are specified in TeamViewer’s overview of technical and organizational measures (TOMs,
Annex 2
to our DPA), as amen-ded from time to time.
Security of processing.
Taking into account the type of processing and the personal data available to TeamViewer, TeamViewer supports the Customer with appropriate technical and organizational measures to comply with Art. 32 – 36 GDPR, in particular with regard to the security of processing, notification of a personal data breach to the supervisory authority, communication of a personal data breach to the data subject, data protection impact assessments as well as the consultation with supervisory authorities.
Data protection by design and by default.
Information on how TeamViewer protects personal data by design and by default can be found in TeamViewer’s overview of technical and organizational measures (Section 6 in our TOMs,
Annex 2
to the DPA).
Assistance to the Customer in the execution of requests of data subjects.
TeamViewer assists the Customer with appropriate technical and organizational measures in the execution of requests to exercise the rights of data subjects. If a data subject contacts us directly to exercise his or her rights pursuant to Art. 12 et. seq. GDPR, we will immediately forward this request to the Customer.
Rights of data subjects towards TeamViewer.
Under the conditions set forth therein, the GDPR grants data subjects the following rights, which the data subject may exercise towards TeamViewer as described in the
Privacy Notice for TeamViewer Products
:
Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR);
Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR);
Right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR);
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR);
Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR);
Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR).
In addition, we inform data subjects in accordance with Art. 13 and 14 GDPR when we obtain personal data from them or from another source.
Data subjects may assert their rights by e-mail to privacy@teamviewer.com, via a support ticket or in writing to TeamViewer Germany GmbH, Bahnhofsplatz 2, 73033 Göppingen, Germany.
Data protection officer.
TeamViewer has appointed an external data protection officer who can be contacted at privacy@teamviewer.com. You are also free to contact the relevant data protection authority, Der Landesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit Baden-Württemberg, Lautenschlagerstraße 20, 70173 Stuttgart, Germany.
Further Information on security measures and certificates.
Further information on security and data protection measures and our certificates of TeamViewer and its partners (e.g., ISO 9001, SOC2, SOC3, HIPPA/HITECH and ISO 27001) can be found in the TeamViewer
Trust Center
.
Sub-policy 11
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement:
This is the Trace Id: 53396aad4a3745c7e9b5495a5ab3f37f
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2025
What's new?
Print
Expand All
Collapse All
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Personal data we collect
How we use personal data
Reasons we share personal data
How to access and control your personal data
Cookies and similar technologies
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
Microsoft account
Collection of data from children
Other important privacy information
Security of personal data
Where we store and process personal data
Our retention of personal data
U.S. State Data Privacy
Advertising
Speech recognition technologies
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Changes to this privacy statement
How to contact us
Product-specific details:
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise online services
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Productivity and communications products
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Search and browse
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Activation
Activity history
Advertising ID
Diagnostics
Personalized offers
Feedback Hub
Get Help
Live captions
Location services and recording
Narrator
Phone Link - Link to Windows
Cross-device experiences
Security and safety features
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Sync and backup settings
Update Services
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
Windows AI Features
Windows apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Entertainment and related services
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Most Microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers utilize in the domain that placed the cookie can retrieve later. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide personalized ads, and analyze site operations. For more information, see the
Cookies and similar technologies
section of this privacy statement.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Microsoft complies with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. To learn more, see the
Where we store and process personal data
section, and
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
.
Contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or EU Data Protection Officer, please contact us by using our
web form
. For more information about contacting Microsoft, including Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, see the
How to contact us
section of this privacy statement.
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Microsoft offers a wide range of products, including server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in your home, software that students use at school, and services developers use to create and host what’s next. References to Microsoft products in this statement include Microsoft services, websites, apps, software, servers, and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Microsoft has with you and the Microsoft products listed below, as well as other Microsoft products that display this statement.
Young people may prefer starting with the
Privacy for young people
page. That page highlights information that may be helpful for young people.
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
and the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Personal data we collect
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We also obtain data about you from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data -required to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you are using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use such data will not work for you.
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organization’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, upload a document to OneDrive, sign up for Microsoft 365, or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications. In addition, we receive data from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Microsoft products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open public sector, academic, and commercial data sets and other data sources.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law
.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials
. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data
. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data
. Information about your subscriptions, licenses, and other entitlements.
Interactions
. Data about your use of Microsoft products. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the products. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data
. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history
. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Browse history
. Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data
. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data
. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data
. Data you provide when you contact Microsoft for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Microsoft, data about the condition of your device, and the products you use related to your help inquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Bot usage data
. Interactions with bots and skills available through Microsoft products, including bots and skills provided by third parties.
Interests and favorites
. Data about your interests and favorites, such as the sports teams you follow, the programming languages you prefer, the stocks you track, or cities you add to track things like weather or traffic. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favorites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect, such as your interactions on websites where our technology is used to show or measure ads.
Content consumption data
. Information about media content (e.g., TV, video, music, audio, text books, apps, and games) you access through our products.
Searches and commands
. Search queries and commands when you use Microsoft products with search or related productivity functionality, such as interactions with a chat bot.
Voice data
. Your voice data, sometimes referred to as “voice clips”, such as search queries, commands, or dictation you speak, which may include background sounds.
Text, inking, and typing data
. Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images
. Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use a Bing image-enabled service.
Contacts and relationships
. Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a product to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data
. Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people, and organizations, such as types of engagement (e.g., likes, dislikes, events, etc.) related to people and organizations.
Location data
. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Other input
. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, data such as the buttons you press on an Xbox wireless controller using the Xbox network, skeletal tracking data when you use Kinect, and other sensor data, like the number of steps you take, when you use devices that have applicable sensors. If you attend an in-store event, we collect the data you provide to us when registering for or during the event and if you enter into a prize promotion, we collect the data you input into the entry form.
Content
. Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you transmit a file using Skype to another Skype user, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. If you receive an email using Outlook.com, we need to collect the content of that email to deliver it to your inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until you choose to delete it. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Video or recordings
. Recordings of events and activities at Microsoft buildings, retail spaces, and other locations. If you enter Microsoft Store locations or other facilities, or attend a Microsoft event that is recorded, we may process your image and voice data.
Feedback and ratings
. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and product reviews you write.
Traffic data
. Data generated through your use of Microsoft’s communications services. Traffic data indicates with whom you have communicated and when your communications occurred. We will process your traffic data only as required to provide, maintain, and improve our communications services and we do so with your consent.
Product-specific sections below describe data collection practices applicable to use of those products.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How we use personal data
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products) or obtain from third parties to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products). For example, Microsoft Store uses information about the apps and services you use to make personalized app recommendations. However, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations where required by law. For example, where required by law, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Purposes and legal bases for processing
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security and safety of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Microsoft or third parties as described in this section and in the
Reasons we share personal data
section of this privacy statement. Our bases for processing your personal data may vary depending on how and across what products and services we process your data.
When we process personal data based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests, we consider and balance those interests against your rights and freedoms, and we will only process your personal data where the legitimate interests we have in processing are not outweighed by your interests.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, we do so based on a variety of legal mechanisms, as described in the
Where we store and process personal data
section of this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products
. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you use OneDrive, we process the documents you upload to OneDrive to enable you to retrieve, delete, edit, forward, or otherwise process it, at your direction as part of the service. Or, for example, if you enter a search query in the Bing search engine, we use that query to display search results to you. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programs, and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement
. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritize, and voice data to develop and improve speech recognition accuracy.
Personalization
. Many products include personalized features, such as recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment. These features use automated processes to tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the product, activities, interests, and location. For example, depending on your settings, if you stream movies in a browser on your Windows device, you may see a recommendation for an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. If you have a Microsoft account, with your permission, we can sync your settings on several devices. Many of our products provide controls to disable personalized features.
Product activation
. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development
. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs, and to train and fine-tune AI models, which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support
. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our products, services, and training, and to investigate security incidents. Call recording data may also be used to authenticate or identify you based on your voice to enable Microsoft to provide support services and investigate security incidents.
Help secure and troubleshoot
. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety
. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
In accordance with European Union Regulation (EU) 2021/1232, we have invoked the derogation permitted by that Regulation from Articles 5(1) and 6(1) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC. We use scanning technologies to create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) of certain images and video content on our systems. These technologies then compare the hashes they generate with hashes of reported child sexual exploitation and abuse imagery (known as a “hash set”), in a process called “hash matching”. Microsoft obtains hash sets from organizations that act in the public interest against child sex abuse. This can result in sharing information with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement authorities.
Updates
. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximize your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features, and evaluate whether your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications
. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions, and promotional communications, see the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Relevant offers
. Microsoft uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyze data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways. For example, we may predict your interest in gaming and communicate with you about new games you may like.
Advertising
. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls, or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our first-party products, services, apps, and web properties (Microsoft properties), and on third-party web properties, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you. For more information about how your data is used for advertising, see the
Advertising
section of this privacy statement.
Prize promotions and events
. We use your data to administer prize promotions and events available in our physical Microsoft Stores. For example, if you enter into a prize promotion, we may use your data to select a winner and provide the prize to you if you win. Or, if you register for a coding workshop or gaming event, we will add your name to the list of expected attendees.
Transacting commerce
. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from the Microsoft Store.
Reporting and business operations
. We use data to analyze our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property
. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licenses to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance
. We process data to comply with applicable laws. For example, we use the age of our customers to assist us in meeting our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we use data to conduct research, including advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities for the benefit of the public interest and scientific purposes.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of Microsoft and its customers.
Please note that, as defined under certain U.S. state data privacy laws, “sharing” also relates to providing personal data to third parties for personalized advertising purposes. Please see the
U.S. State Data Privacy
section below and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information.
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send an email to a friend, share photos and documents on OneDrive, or link accounts with another service. If you use a Microsoft product provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, or use an email address provided by such organization to access Microsoft products, we share certain data, such as interaction data and diagnostic data to enable your organization to manage the products. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. Additionally, when you save a payment method (such as a card) to your account that you and other Microsoft account holders use to make purchases from Microsoft or its affiliates, your purchase receipts may be shared with anyone else who uses and has access to the same payment method to make a purchase from Microsoft, including the payment method’s named accountholder. When you permit push notifications for Microsoft products or applications on a non-Windows device, the operating system of that device will process some personal data to provide push notifications. Accordingly, Microsoft may send data to an external, third-party notification provider to deliver push notifications. Your device’s push notification services are governed by their own service-specific terms and privacy statements.
We also share personal data for digital advertising purposes. When you visit a website or use an app that wants to show you ads, the digital property may allow Microsoft to access or receive device data or certain other data identified in the Personal data we collect section above. We may then share this information with third party advertising platforms and advertisers to facilitate the delivery and measurement of ads on such digital properties.  Please see the Advertising and U.S. State Data Privacy sections below for more information about how your data is used for advertising.
In addition, we share personal data among Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails in Outlook.com, or files in private folders on OneDrive), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect the safety of our customers, organizations, and the public — for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud or otherwise cause harm, or to detect, prevent, and combat harmful or illegal behavior including the creation and sharing of harmful or illegal content.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of Microsoft, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services—however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Microsoft, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
For more information about data we disclose in response to requests from law enforcement and other government agencies, please see our
Law Enforcement Requests Report
.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Microsoft. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How to access and control your personal data
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained with tools Microsoft provides to you, which are described below, or by contacting Microsoft. For instance:
If Microsoft obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can use tools Microsoft provides to do so, or if none are available, you can contact Microsoft for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Microsoft. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organization, such as your employer, school, or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Microsoft products, contact your organization to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, using various tools we provide. The tools most useful to you will depend on our interactions with you and your use of our products. Here is a general list of tools we provide to help you control your personal data; specific products may provide additional controls.
Bing.
If you are signed into Bing, you can view and clear your stored search and chat history on your
privacy dashboard
. If you are not signed into Bing, you can view and clear stored search history associated to your device in your
Bing settings
.
Microsoft account.
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile information and payment information in your Microsoft account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do so by visiting the
Microsoft account website
.
If you have a
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) public profile, you can access and edit your data by signing in at
MSDN forum
.
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. You can control some of the data Microsoft processes through your use of a Microsoft account on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. From here, for example, you can view and clear the browsing, search, and location data associated with your Microsoft account.
Microsoft Store.
You can access your Microsoft Store profile and account information by visiting
Microsoft Store
and selecting
View account
or
Order history.
Microsoft Teams for personal use.
You can find out how to export or delete Teams data relating to your personal Microsoft account by visiting this
page
.
OneDrive.
You can view, download, and delete your files and photos in OneDrive by signing into your
OneDrive
.
Outlook.com.
You can download your emails in
Outlook.com
by signing into your account and navigating to your
Privacy and data
settings.
Skype
. If you wish to access, edit, or remove some profile and payment information for Skype or change your password,
sign in to your account
. If you wish to export your Skype chat history and files shared on Skype, you can
request a copy
.
Volume Licensing Service Center (VLSC).
If you are a Volume Licensing customer, you can control your contact information and subscription and licensing data in one location by visiting the
Volume Licensing Service Center website
.
Xbox
. If you use the Xbox network or Xbox.com, you can view or edit your personal data, including billing and account information, privacy settings, and online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing
My Xbox
on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com website.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
. We will respond to requests to control your personal data as required by applicable law.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with your personal Microsoft account, and viewing your
communication permissions
where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners. If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this
web form
. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft products, programs, activities, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
Your advertising choices
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, visit our
opt-out page
. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
You can also link your opt-out choice with your personal Microsoft account. It will then apply on any device where you use that account and will continue to apply until someone signs in with a different personal Microsoft account on that device. If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings to apply. You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
For Microsoft-controlled advertising that appears in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Microsoft account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows settings.
Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other required purposes (including providing our products, analytics, and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data collection. You will continue to get ads, although they may be less relevant to you.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their sites (see above).
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls
. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls described in the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement.
Tracking protections
. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up) and Microsoft Edge. This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Browser controls for "Do Not Track."
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Microsoft services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described above.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honoring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the
Advertising ID
section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
Third party cookies may include: Social Media cookies designed to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activities on our websites; Analytics cookies to better understand how you and others use our websites so that we can make them better, and so the third parties can improve their own products and services; Advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you; and Required cookies used to perform essential website functions. Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services. For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie
inventory. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honor your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes described below. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows, for similar purposes, and many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings
. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. For example, depending on your settings, if you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device. Similarly, in scenarios where we obtain your consent to place cookies on your device, we store your choice in a cookie.
Sign-in and authentication
. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using your personal Microsoft account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security
. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Storing information you provide to a website
. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to Microsoft, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on Microsoft websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.
Social media
. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback
. Microsoft uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.
Interest-based advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Showing advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you do not see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics
. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance
. Microsoft uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps us keep our websites remain up and running.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. Please see the “How to Control Cookies” section below for more information.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:
MSCC
. Contains user choices for most Microsoft properties.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC, and MSPTC
. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
ANON
. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your Microsoft account, which is used for advertising, personalization, and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from Microsoft if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your Microsoft account.
CC
. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your Microsoft account.
MC0
. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser.
MS0
. Identifies a specific session.
NAP
. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postal code, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
MH
. Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Contains information that Microsoft account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.
MR
. This cookie is used by Microsoft to reset or refresh the MUID cookie.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.
TOptOut
. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft. Where required, we place this cookie by default and remove it when you consent to interest-based advertising.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
and
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
.  These session cookies are used for load balancing purposes and to ensure requests for a user session are handled by the same server.
We may also use the cookies of other Microsoft affiliates, companies, and partners, such as LinkedIn and Xandr.
Third Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies Microsoft sets when you visit our websites, we also use cookies from third parties to enhance the services on our sites. Some third parties can also set cookies when you visit Microsoft sites. For example:
Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites.
Companies that deliver content on Microsoft sites, such as videos or news, or ads, place cookies on their own.
These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.
The following types of third-party cookies may be used, depending on the context, service or product, as well as your settings and permissions:
Social Media cookies.
We and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on our websites. They’re used to connect your activity on our websites to your social media profiles so the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests.
Analytics cookies.
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better and the third parties can develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by Microsoft. For example, analytics cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Advertising cookies.
We and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads by recording which ads you've already seen. They're also used to track which ads you click on or purchases you make after clicking on an ad for payment purposes, and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, they're used to detect when you click on an ad and show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
Required cookies.
We use required cookies to perform essential website functions. For example, to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, and measure audiences. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie inventory
. The third party cookie inventory also includes links to those third parties’ websites or privacy notices. Please consult the third party websites or privacy notices for more information on their privacy practices with respect to their cookies that may be set on our websites. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by selecting
Settings
>
Privacy and services
>
Clear Browsing data
>
Cookies and other site data
. For more information about how to delete your cookies in Microsoft browsers, see
Microsoft Edge
,
Microsoft Edge Legacy
, or
Internet Explorer
. If you use a different browser, refer to that browser’s instructions.
As mentioned above, where required, we obtain your consent before placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. We separate these optional cookies by purpose, such as for advertising and social media purposes. You may consent to certain categories of optional cookies and not others. You also may adjust your choices by clicking “Manage cookies” in the footer of the website or through the settings made available on the website. Certain features of Microsoft products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Additional privacy controls that can impact cookies, including the tracking protections feature of Microsoft browsers, are described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Our use of web beacons and analytics services
Some Microsoft webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.
In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us to, for example, develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's website. It also allows us to understand your activity on the website of a Microsoft partner in connection with your use of a Microsoft product or service.
Finally, Microsoft products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by visiting any of the following sites:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(requires you to install a browser add-on),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, or
Optimizely
.
Other similar technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behavior. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies") and Silverlight Application Storage.
Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies."
Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies" to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the
Flash Player help page
.
Silverlight Application Storage
. Websites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the
Silverlight
section of this privacy statement.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
If you use a Microsoft product with an account provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as your work or school account, that organization can:
Control and administer your Microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
Access and process your data, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files associated with your Microsoft product and product accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products, including those you acquired on your own behalf, if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. If your organization provides you with access to Microsoft products, your use of the Microsoft products is subject to your organization's policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organization’s administrator. When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity. To learn more about the social features and other functionality, please review documentation or help content specific to the Microsoft product. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a Microsoft product provided by your organization, Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with that product is governed by a contract between Microsoft and your organization. Microsoft processes your personal data to provide the product to your organization and you, and in some cases for Microsoft’s business operations related to providing the product as described in the
Enterprise and developer products
section. As mentioned above, if you have questions about Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with providing products to your organization, please contact your organization. If you have questions about Microsoft’s business operations in connection with providing products to your organization as provided in the Product Terms, please contact Microsoft as described in the
How to contact us
section. For more information on our business operations, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section.
For Microsoft products provided by your K-12 school, including Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft will:
not collect or use student personal data beyond that needed for authorized educational or school purposes;
not sell or rent student personal data;
not use or share student personal data for advertising or similar commercial purposes, such as behavioral targeting of advertisements to students;
not build a personal profile of a student, other than for supporting authorized educational or school purposes or as authorized by the parent, guardian, or student of appropriate age; and
require that our vendors with whom student personal data is shared to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for student personal data.
Back to top
Microsoft account
With a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing in to your Microsoft account enables personalization and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features.
There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
If you sign into a service offered by a third party with your Microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
With a Microsoft account, you can sign into Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing into your Microsoft account enables personalization, consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features. There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
Personal Microsoft accounts
. The data associated with your personal Microsoft account, and how that data is used, depends on how you use the account.
Creating your Microsoft account
. When you create a personal Microsoft account, you will be asked to provide certain personal data and we will assign a unique ID number to identify your account and associated information. While some products, such as those involving payment, require a real name, you can sign in to and use other Microsoft products without providing your real name. Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address, and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products. For example, people who know your display name, email address, or phone number can use it to search for you on Skype or Microsoft Teams for personal use and send you an invite to connect with them. Note that if you use a work or school email address to create a personal Microsoft account, your employer or school may gain access to your data. In some cases, you will need to change the email address to a personal email address in order to continue accessing consumer-oriented products (such as the Xbox network).
Signing in to Microsoft account
. When you sign in to your Microsoft account, we create a record of your sign-in, which includes the date and time, information about the product you signed in to, your sign-in name, the unique number assigned to your account, a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, and your operating system and browser version.
Signing in to Microsoft products
. Signing in to your account enables improved personalization, provides seamless and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to access and use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other enhanced features and settings. For example, when you sign in, Microsoft makes information saved to your account available across Microsoft products so important things are right where you need them. When you sign in to your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. If you add your Microsoft account to a Windows device (version 8 or higher), Windows will automatically sign you in to products that use Microsoft account when you access those products on that device. When you are signed in, some products will display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) as part of your use of Microsoft products, including in your communications, social interactions, and public posts.
Learn more about your Microsoft account, your data, and your choices
.
Signing in to third-party products
. If you sign in to a third-party product with your Microsoft account, you will share data with the third party in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy. The third party will also receive the version number assigned to your account (a new version number is assigned each time you change your sign-in data); and information that describes whether your account has been deactivated. If you share your profile data, the third party can display your name or user name and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) when you are signed in to that third-party product. If you chose to make payments to third-party merchants using your Microsoft account, Microsoft will pass information stored in your Microsoft account to the third party or its vendors (e.g., payment processors) as necessary to process your payment and fulfill your order (such as name, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses, and relevant contact information). The third party can use or share the data it receives when you sign in or make a purchase according to its own practices and policies.
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each product you sign in to and each merchant you purchase from to determine how it will use the data it collects
.
Work or school accounts
. The data associated with a work or school account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account.
If your employer or school uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft products, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, and third-party products provided to you by your organization. If required by your organization, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification. And, if allowed by your organization, you may also use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft or third-party products that you acquire for yourself.
If you sign in to Microsoft products with a work or school account, note:
The owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files, including data stored in products provided to you by your organization, and products you acquire by yourself.
Your use of the products is subject to your organization’s policies, if any. You should consider both your organization’s policies and whether you are comfortable enabling your organization to access your data before you choose to use your work or school account to sign in to products you acquire for yourself.
If you lose access to your work or school account (if you change employers, for example), you may lose access to products, including content associated with those products, you acquired on your own behalf if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organization, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
If your organization is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data subject rights, to your administrator. See also the
Notice to end users
section of this privacy statement.
If you are uncertain whether your account is a work or school account, please contact your organization.
Third-party accounts
. The data associated with a third-party Microsoft account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account. Your service provider has control over your account, including the ability to access or delete your account.
You should carefully review the terms the third party provided you to understand what it can do with your account
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Collection of data from children
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. Learn more about personal and school accounts in the
Microsoft account section
of the Privacy Statement and
Microsoft Family Safety
in the product-specific section. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages. Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. Select Learn more below for more information about how to access and delete child data and information about children and Xbox profiles.
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
.
Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. See below for more information about how to access and delete child data.
Below is additional information about the collection of data from children, including more details as related to Xbox.
Accessing and deleting child data.
For Microsoft products and services that require parental consent, a parent can view and delete certain data belonging to their child from the parent’s
privacy dashboard
: browsing history, search history, location activity, media activity, apps and service activity, and product and service performance data. To delete this data, a parent can sign in to their
privacy dashboard
and manage their child’s activities. Please note that a parent’s ability to access and/or delete a child’s personal information on their privacy dashboard will vary depending on the laws where you are located.
Additionally, a parent can contact our
privacy support team
through the
privacy support form
and, following authentication, request that the data types on the privacy dashboard together with the following data be deleted: software, setup, and inventory; device connectivity and configuration; feedback and ratings; fitness and activity; support content; support interactions; and environmental sensor. We process authenticated deletion requests within 30 days of receipt.
Please note that content like emails, contacts, and chats are accessible through in-product experiences. You can find more information about data you are able to control within Microsoft products by visiting our
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
.
If your child’s account is not a part of your Microsoft family group and you do not have access to your child’s activity on your privacy dashboard, then you need to submit a request related to your child’s data through the
privacy support form
. The privacy team will ask for account verification before fulfilling the request.
To delete all of your child’s personal information, you must request deletion of the child’s account through the
close your account form
. This link will prompt you to sign in with your child’s account credentials. Check that the page shows the correct Microsoft account, and then follow the instructions to request that your child’s account be deleted.
Learn more about how to close a Microsoft account
.
After you submit the request to close your child’s account, we will wait 60 days before permanently deleting the account in case you change your mind or need to access something on the account before it is permanently closed and deleted. During the waiting period, the account is marked for closure and permanent deletion, but it still exists. If you want to reopen your child’s Microsoft account, just sign in again within that 60-day period. We will cancel the account closure, and the account will be reinstated.
What is Xbox?
Xbox is the gaming and entertainment division of Microsoft. Xbox hosts an online network that consists of software and enables online experiences crossing multiple platforms. This network lets your child find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When users sign in to Xbox, in apps, games or on an Xbox console, we assign a unique identifier to their device. For instance, when their Xbox console is connected to the internet and they sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system they are using.
Xbox continues to provide new experiences in client apps that are connected to and backed by services such as Xbox network and cloud gaming. When signed in to an Xbox experience, we collect required data to help keep these experiences safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Data we collect when you create an Xbox profile
. You as the parent or guardian are required to consent to the collection of personal data from a child under 13 years old or as otherwise specified by your jurisdiction. With your permission, your child can have an Xbox profile and use the online Xbox network. During the child Xbox profile creation, you will sign in with your own Microsoft account to verify that you are an adult organizer in your Microsoft family group. We collect an alternate email address or phone number to boost account security. If your child needs help accessing their account, they will be able to use one of these alternates to validate they own the Microsoft account.
We collect limited information about children, including name, birthdate, email address, and region. When you sign your child up for an Xbox profile, they get a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you create your child’s Xbox profile you consent to Microsoft collecting, using, and sharing information based on their privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network. Your child’s privacy and communication settings are defaulted to the most restrictive.
Data we collect
. We collect information about your child’s use of Xbox services, games, apps, and devices including:
When they sign in and sign out of Xbox, purchase history, and content they obtain.
Which games they play and apps they use, their game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content they add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video they capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections they make (friends they add and people who follow them) on the Xbox network.
If your child uses an Xbox console or Xbox app on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time they sign in to Xbox, even if they have been playing offline.
Xbox diagnostic data
. If your child uses Xbox console, Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. Required data is the minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your child’s in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat if your child’s privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network allow it.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it. This data may also be used to provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the
Community Standards for Xbox
.
Data use
. Microsoft uses the data we collect when your child uses Xbox to improve gaming products and experiences— making it safer and more fun over time. Data we collect also enables us to provide your child with curated experiences. This includes connecting them to games, content, services, and recommendations.
Xbox data viewable by others
. When your child is using the Xbox network, their online presence (which can be set to “appear offline” or “blocked”), gamertag, game play statistics, and achievements are visible to other players on the network. Depending on how you set your child’s Xbox safety settings, they might share information when playing or communicating with others on the Xbox network.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips your child uploads, conversations they have, and things they post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how they use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Xbox data shared with game and apps publishers
. When your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about their usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your child’s Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your child’s in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game or types of vehicles used in-game), your child’s presence on the Xbox network, the time they spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs they belong to, official club memberships, and any content they create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use your child’s data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from the game or app detail pages in our stores.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where they have been installed. Some publisher access to your child’s data may be revoked at
microsoft.com/consent
.
Managing child settings
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, you can manage a child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page, as well as their Xbox profile privacy settings from their
Xbox Privacy & online safety page
.
You can also use the
Xbox Family Settings
app to manage your child’s experience on the Xbox Network including: spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, viewing your child’s Xbox activity, and setting age ratings and the amount of screen time. Xbox-specific Family Safety settings will apply on Xbox console or via Xbox on PC or mobile device but may not be applied on other platforms.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data. This data helps keep your child’s console functioning as expected.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control game play. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console, is not shared with anyone, and can be deleted at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between the joints on your child’s body to create a stick figure representation to enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Other important privacy information
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Security of personal data
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. Microsoft complies with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification laws.
Back to top
Where we store and process personal data
Personal data collected by Microsoft may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States, and in any other jurisdiction where Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Microsoft maintains major data centers in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Typically, the primary storage location is in the customer’s region or in the United States, often with a backup to a data center in another region. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate and provide our services efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to process the data that we collect under this privacy statement according to this statement’s provisions and the requirements of applicable law.
We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where Microsoft processes personal data, see this article on
the European Commission website
.
Microsoft Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In the context of an onward transfer, Microsoft Corporation has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Microsoft Corporation remains liable under the DPF if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Microsoft Corporation can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
. The controlled U.S. subsidiaries of Microsoft Corporation, as identified in our self-certification submission, also adhere to the DPF Principles—for more info, see the list of
Microsoft U.S. Entities Covered by Data Privacy Framework Certification
.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Microsoft in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Microsoft cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Microsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Individuals whose personal data is protected by Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information should refer to the article on the
Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission’s website
(only published in Japanese) for more information on the commission’s review of certain countries’ personal data protection systems. For individuals in Japan, please click
here
for additional information on the processing of information under the Telecommunications Business Act (in Japanese only).
Back to top
Our retention of personal data
Microsoft retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Other criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
Do customers provide, create, or maintain the data with the expectation we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it?
Examples include a document you store in OneDrive, or an email message you keep in your Outlook.com inbox. In such cases, we would aim to maintain the data until you actively delete it, such as by moving an email from your Outlook.com inbox to the Deleted Items folder, and then emptying that folder (when your Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion). (Note that there may be other reasons why the data has to be deleted sooner, for example if you exceed limits on how much data can be stored in your account.)
Is there an automated control, such as in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, that enables the customer to access and delete the personal data at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be adopted.
Has Microsoft adopted and announced a specific retention period for a certain data type?
For example, for Bing search queries, we de-identify stored queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain data in accordance with your consent.
Is Microsoft subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data retained for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, if we are required by law to remove unlawful content, we will do so.
Back to top
U.S. State Data Privacy
If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our privacy statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our privacy statement.
Please note that rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We will update our processes, disclosures, and this notice as these implementing rules are finalized, and as otherwise necessary.
Please also see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
and our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the data we collect, process, share and disclose, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Sale
. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
Profiling
.  We do not engage in “profiling” that utilizes your personal data for automated decision-making that produces legal or similarly significant effects.  So, we do not offer an opt-out for this type of profiling.
Share
. We may “share” your personal data, as defined under California and other applicable U.S. state laws, for personalized advertising purposes. As noted in our
Advertising
section, we do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of data we share for personalized advertising purposes, the recipients of the personal data, and our purposes of processing. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Demographic data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Subscription and licensing data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Interactions
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Please see the
Advertising
section for more information about our advertising practices, and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information on “sharing” for personalized advertising purposes under applicable U.S. state laws.
Rights.
You have the right to (i) know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, “share”, and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, (v) receive a copy of your personal data, and (vi) opt-out of “sharing” your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes on third party sites. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorized agent. If you use an authorized agent, we provide your agent with
detailed guidance
on how to exercise your privacy rights. Please see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for additional information on how to exercise these rights.
Universal Opt-Outs.
Microsoft receives and responds to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser opt-out signal. Microsoft will turn off sharing your data with third parties for personalized ads if we receive a GPC signal from you when you visit our sites.
You may have additional rights related to your consumer health data as defined by applicable state consumer health privacy laws. Please see our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for information on the rights available under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) and other applicable U.S. consumer health privacy laws.
If you have a Microsoft account, you can exercise your rights through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
, which requires you to log in to your Microsoft account. If you have an additional request or questions after using the dashboard, you may contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section, use our
web form
, or call our US toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038. If you do not have an account, you may exercise your rights by contacting us as described above. To further protect your personal data, we may ask for additional information, such as your country of residence, email address, and phone number to validate your identity and request before honoring the request.
You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites by visiting our
sharing opt-out page
. You can also control the personalized advertising you see on Microsoft properties by visiting our
opt-out page
.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than those listed below, without your consent, or as permitted or required under applicable laws. So, we do not offer an ability to limit the use of sensitive data.
If you have made a request to Microsoft to know, delete, correct, or receive your personal information and believe your request was denied by Microsoft, you can exercise your right to appeal the results of your request by contacting our privacy support team via our web form. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Personal information processing
. In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of personal data we collect, the sources of the personal data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third-party recipients with whom we provide the personal data. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section. Please see the
Our retention of personal data
section for information on personal data retention criteria.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and partners with whom we offer co-branded services
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; respond to customer questions; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Credentials
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; authentication and account access; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Demographic data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and purchases from data brokers
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product development; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Payment data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and financial institutions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Transact commerce; process transactions; fulfill orders; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and detect and prevent fraud
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Subscription and licensing data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users; third-party storefronts and platforms on which our products are purchased
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide, personalize, and activate our products; customer support; help, secure, and troubleshoot; marketing; and accounting
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Interactions
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users including data Microsoft generates through those interactions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Content
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Video or recordings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and publicly available sources
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Feedback and ratings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; customer support; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for each category of personal data, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Personal data we collect
section, such as developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products. Similarly, we process all categories of personal data for the purposes described in the
How we use personal data
section, such as meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
Subject to your
privacy settings
, your consent, and depending on the products you use and your choices, we may collect, process, or disclose certain personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data. In the list below, we outline the categories of sensitive data we collect, the sources of the sensitive data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third party recipients with whom we share the sensitive data. Please see the
Personal data we collect
section for more information about the sensitive data we may collect.
Categories of Sensitive Data
Account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number, and the means to access the account (security or access code, password, credentials, etc.)
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the product and fulfill requested financial transactions
Recipients: Service providers and payment processing providers
Precise geo-location information
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the service requested; product improvement; some attributes may be disclosed to third parties to provide the service
Recipients: Users and service providers (please see the
Windows Location Services and Recording
section of our privacy statement for more information)
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences
Recipients: Service providers
Medical or mental health, sex life, or sexual orientation
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences and accessibility
Recipients: Service providers
Contents of your mail, email, or text messages (where Microsoft is not the intended recipient of the communication)
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; improve the product experience; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers
Personal data collected from a known child under 13 years of age
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; recommendations; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities (in accordance with your Microsoft Family Safety
settings
)
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for personal data collected from children under 13, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Collection of Data from Children
section.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following:
Perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect
Help ensure the security and integrity of our services, systems, and data, to combat malicious deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, and to protect the physical safety of individuals, to the extent the processing is reasonably necessary and proportionate
For short-term transient use (including non-personalized advertising), so long as the personal data is not disclosed to a third party, is not used for profiling, and is not used to alter an individual’s experience outside the current interaction with Microsoft
Perform services on behalf of Microsoft, such as maintaining accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders/transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics, providing storage, and similar services
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of, or improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned or controlled by Microsoft
Collect or process sensitive data where the collection or processing is not for inferring characteristics about the individual
Any other activities in accordance with any future regulations that are issued pursuant to U.S. state data privacy laws
De-Identified Data
. In some situations, Microsoft may process de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in a de-identified state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom the de-identified data relates.
Disclosures of personal data for business or commercial purposes
. As indicated in the
Reasons we share personal data
section, we share personal data with third parties for various business and commercial purposes. The primary business and commercial purposes for which we share personal data are the purposes of processing listed in the table above. However, we share all categories of personal data for the business and commercial purposes in the
Reasons we share personal data
section.
Parties that control collection of personal data
. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, third party applications or extensions that run on Windows or Edge browser may collect personal data based on their own practices.
Microsoft allows advertising companies to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver personalized ads on Microsoft’s behalf.  You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
Back to top
Advertising
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. For example:
Microsoft may use data we collect to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Microsoft web properties, such as
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start, and Bing. We may also use such data to select and deliver ads on third party digital properties.
When the advertising ID is enabled in Windows as part of your privacy settings, third parties can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads in such apps.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Yahoo, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.
Advertisers may choose to place our web beacons on their sites, or use similar technologies, in order to allow Microsoft to collect information on their sites such as activities, purchases, and visits; we use this data on behalf of our advertising customers to provide ads.
The ads that you see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests and favorites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your search queries, or the content you view. For example, if you view content on Microsoft Start about automobiles, we may show advertisements about cars; if you search “pizza places in Seattle” on Bing, you may see advertisements in your search results for restaurants in Seattle.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favorites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners. We refer to these ads as "personalized advertising" in this statement. For example, if you view gaming content on
xbox.com
, you may see ads for games on Microsoft Start. To provide personalized advertising, we combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites. If you opt out of receiving personalized advertising, data associated with these cookies will not be used.
We may use information about you to serve you with personalized advertising when you use Microsoft services. If you are logged in with your Microsoft account and have consented to allow Microsoft Edge to use your online activity for personalized advertising, you will see ads for products and services based on your online activity while using Microsoft Edge. To configure your privacy settings for Edge, go to Microsoft Edge > Settings > Privacy and Services. To configure your privacy and ad settings for your Microsoft account with respect to your online activity across browsers, including Microsoft Edge, or when visiting third-party websites or apps, go to your dashboard at
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Further details regarding our advertising-related uses of data include:
Advertising industry best practices and commitments
. Microsoft is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the following self-regulatory programs:
In the US:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada:
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Health-related ad targeting
. In the United States, we provide personalized advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache / migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep, and vision / eye care. We will also personalize ads based on custom, non-sensitive health-related interest categories as requested by advertisers.
Children and advertising
. We do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
Data retention
. For personalized advertising, we retain data for no more than 13 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Sensitive Data
. Microsoft Advertising does not collect, process, or disclose personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws for the purposes of providing personalized advertising.
Data sharing
. In some cases, we share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. Additionally, Microsoft partners with
Xandr
, a Microsoft company, and third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
and
Yah
oo
. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company's practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, visit our
opt-out
page. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
Back to top
Speech recognition technologies
Speech recognition technologies are integrated into many Microsoft products and services. Microsoft provides both device-based speech recognition features and cloud-based (online) speech recognition features. Microsoft’s speech recognition technology transcribes voice data into text. With your permission, Microsoft employees and vendors working on behalf of Microsoft, will be able to review snippets of your voice data or voice clips in order to build and improve our speech recognition technologies. These improvements allow us to build better voice-enabled capabilities that benefit users across all our consumer and enterprise products and services. Prior to employee or vendor review of voice data, we protect users’ privacy by taking steps to de-identify the data, requiring non-disclosure agreements with relevant vendors and their employees, and requiring that employees and vendors meet high privacy standards.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Back to top
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Microsoft offers preview, insider, beta or other free-of-charge products and features ("previews") to enable you to evaluate them while providing Microsoft with data about your use of the product, including feedback and device and usage data. As a result, previews can automatically collect additional data, provide fewer controls, and otherwise employ different privacy and security measures than those typically present in our products. If you participate in previews, we may contact you about your feedback or your interest in continuing to use the product after general release.
Back to top
Changes to this privacy statement
We update this privacy statement when necessary to provide greater transparency or in response to:
Feedback from customer, regulators, industry, or other stakeholders.
Changes in our products.
Changes in our data processing activities or policies.
When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement and describe the changes on the
Change history
page. If there are material changes to the statement, such as a change to the purposes of processing of personal data that is not consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information.
Back to top
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or the Data Protection Officer for your region, please contact us by using our
web form
. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days. You can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
When Microsoft is a controller, unless otherwise stated, Microsoft Corporation and, for those in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited are the data controllers for personal data we collect through the products subject to this statement. Our addresses are:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Telephone: +353 1 706 3117.
To find the Microsoft subsidiary in your country or region, see the list of
Microsoft office locations around the world
.
The representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited within the meaning of Art. 14 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection is Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Switzerland.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy law, you may contact Microsoft at the U.S. address listed above, use our
web form
, or call our U.S. toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038.
If you are a resident of Canada and its provinces you may contact the Microsoft Data Protection Officer for Canada at Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, at +1 (416) 349 2506, or by using our
web form
.
Where French law applies, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal data after your death, by using our
web form
.
If you have a technical or support question, please visit
Microsoft Support
to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings. If you have a personal Microsoft account password question, please visit
Microsoft account support
.
We offer various means for you to control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and to exercise your data protection rights. You can do so by contacting Microsoft at our
web form
or the information above, or by using the various tools we provide. Please see the
How to access and control your personal data
section for additional details.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Microsoft leverages the power of artificial intelligence (AI) in many of our products and services, including by incorporating generative AI features such as Microsoft Copilot capabilities. Microsoft’s deployment and use of AI is subject to Microsoft’s
AI Principles
and Microsoft’s
Responsible AI Standard
, and Microsoft’s collection and use of personal data in developing and deploying AI features is consistent with commitments outlined in this privacy statement. Product-specific details provide additional relevant information. You can find out more about how Microsoft uses AI
here
.
Microsoft Copilot capabilities.
Microsoft Copilot
is Microsoft’s everyday AI companion, and is designed to help you achieve more through a single experience that runs across devices, understanding relevant context on the web, on your PC, and across apps to bring you the right skills at the right time. With the help of Copilot, users can start a draft of a new Word document; or generate a PowerPoint presentation when accessing Copilot in M365 apps, quickly find the answers to complex search queries online, find relevant documents or other personal content, or be inspired to create new songs, stories, images, or other content, among other tasks. Copilot is a family of services, and Microsoft’s collection and use of data may differ depending on the service and the intended functionality in a given scenario.
The Copilot
website
and app (available on iOS and Android) is the core of the consumer Copilot experience. Within this core experience, users can search the web, create text, images, songs, or other outputs, or engage with other features, such as plugins. On the website and in the app, users enter “prompts” that provide instructions to Copilot (e.g., “Give me recommendations for a restaurant that accommodates parties of 10 near me”). In order to provide a relevant response, Copilot will use this prompt, along with the user’s location, language, and similar settings, to formulate a helpful response. In some markets, authenticated users can choose to allow Copilot to have access to prior prompt history to better personalize the product. The consumer Copilot product uses the data collected to provide and improve the Copilot services, including to provide relevant advertising. Users who are signed-in to their account can manage their prompt history in product and on the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard, and can adjust their location, language, and other settings in the product.
Copilot also appears as an assistant within other Microsoft consumer products, such as Bing and Microsoft Edge. In those situations, data processing activities generally align with those products’ primary uses. For example, Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in the Search and Browse section of this privacy statement. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
. In Microsoft Edge, Copilot appears in the sidebar experience and can help the user complete tasks related to the webpages they visit (e.g., “summarize this page”). This data is used consistent with the Microsoft Edge section of this privacy statement.
Copilot Pro
is another consumer Copilot offering, and offers subscribers priority access to the very latest models, improved image creation abilities, and access to Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel, and Outlook. The main Copilot Pro website and app has similar data collection, use, and controls as consumer Copilot, as described above. Similar Copilot functionality is also included in Microsoft 365 Family and Microsoft 365 Personal subscriptions. When Copilot is integrated with Microsoft 365 products, Copilot data collection is consistent with how data collection and use is described in the Productivity and Communications section of this privacy statement.
There are also Copilot offerings designed for enterprise users. When enabled by an eligible enterprise, users logged in with their Entra ID who want to access consumer Copilot services are offered Copilot with Commercial Data Protection, which minimizes data collection and use consistent with the expectations of enterprise users. More information on Copilot with Commercial Data Protection is available
here
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, available for Microsoft 365 enterprise offerings, provides enterprise-grade data protection along with access to the corporate graph, Copilot within Microsoft 365 and Teams, and additional customization features. Data collection and use in Microsoft 365 Copilot is consistent with the practices described in the Enterprise and Developer Products section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise online services
To provide the Enterprise Online Services, Microsoft uses data you provide (including Customer Data, Personal Data, Administrator Data, Payment Data, and Support Data) and data Microsoft collects or generates associated with your use of the Enterprise Online Services. We process data as described in the
Product Terms
,
Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum (Products and Services DPA),
and the
Microsoft Trust Center
.
Personal Data
. Customer is the controller of Personal Data and Microsoft is the processor of such data, except when (a) Customer acts as a processor of Personal Data, in which case Microsoft is a subprocessor or (b) as stated otherwise in the standard
Products and Services DPA
. In addition, as provided in the standard
Products and Services DPA
, Microsoft has taken on the added responsibilities of a data controller under GDPR when processing Personal Data in connection with its business operations incident to providing its services to Microsoft’s commercial customers, such as billing and account management; compensation; internal reporting and business modeling; and financial reporting. We use Personal Data in the least identifiable form that will support processing necessary for these business operations. We rely on statistical data and aggregate pseudonymized Personal Data before using it for our business operations, removing the ability to identify specific individuals.
Administrator Data
. Administrator Data is the information provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of Enterprise Online Services. We use Administrator Data to provide the Enterprise Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations. Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select. Administrator Data also includes contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Enterprise Online Services; we contact those individuals with communications that include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
As needed, we use Administrator Data to contact you to provide information about your account, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Enterprise Online Services, including information about new features, security, or other technical issues. We also contact you regarding third-party inquiries we receive regarding use of the Enterprise Online Services, as described in your agreement. You cannot unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. We may also contact you regarding information and offers about other products and services, or share your contact information with Microsoft's partners. When such a partner has specific services or solutions to meet your needs, or to optimize your use of the Enterprise Online Services, we may share limited, aggregated information about your organization’s account with the partner. Microsoft will not share your confidential information or contact information with the authorized partner unless we have sufficient rights to do so. You can manage your contact preferences or update your information in your account profile.
Payment Data
. We use payment data to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud.
Support Data
. Customers provide or authorize Microsoft to collect data in connection with obtaining technical support for the Enterprise Online Services. We process Support Data to provide technical support and as described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Local Software and Diagnostic Data
. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The local software may collect Diagnostic Data (as defined in the
Products and Services DPA
) about the use and performance of that software. That data may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Bing Search Services Data
. Bing Search Services, as defined in the Product Terms, use data such as search queries as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences. The data we collect depends on the features you use, as well as your configuration and settings, but it is generally limited to device and usage data. Customers have choices about the data they provide. Here are examples of the data we collect:
During installation or when you upgrade an enterprise and developer software, we may collect device and usage data to learn whether you experience any difficulties.
When you use enterprise software or enterprise appliances, we may collect device and usage data to learn about your operating environment to improve security features.
When you experience a crash using enterprise software or enterprise appliances, you may choose to send Microsoft an error report to help us diagnose the problem and deliver customer support.
Microsoft uses the data we collect from enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances to provide and improve our products, to deliver customer support, to activate the product, to communicate with you, and to operate our business.
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management platform and includes products that can be installed separately (such as SQL Server Management Studio). For detailed information about what data we collect, how we use it, and how to manage your privacy options, visit the
SQL Server privacy page
. If you work in an organization, your administrator can set certain telemetry settings in SQL Server via Group Policy.
HoloLens
. HoloLens headsets are self-contained Windows computers with Wi-Fi connectivity that enable a mixed reality experience for apps and solutions. Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows running on HoloLens up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve HoloLens and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
HoloLens also processes and collects data related to the HoloLens experience and device, which include cameras, microphones, and infrared sensors that enable motions and voice to navigate.
If you choose, cameras can be used to sign you in automatically using your iris. To do this, HoloLens takes an image of your iris and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the HoloLens and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
HoloLens also detects hand gestures intended for system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your HoloLens device and is not stored.
HoloLens derives tracking points based on your environment which allows it to understand surfaces in space and allows you to place digital assets on them. There are no images associated with this environmental data and it is stored locally on the HoloLens device. You can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands for navigation, controlling apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Productivity and communications products
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft 365, previous versions called Office 365, is a collection of subscription productivity services and applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote, among others. Office is the one-time purchase version of these applications available on PC or Mac and includes Access and Publisher. Both Microsoft 365 and Office are comprised of client software applications and connected online services (or web apps in the case of Microsoft 365 for the web) that span many platforms and have numerous interdependent experiences. For more details about Outlook, see the
Outlook
section of this privacy statement.
Various cloud-based Microsoft 365 services enable you to use your file content for designs and recommendations, collaborate with others within your documents, and provide you functionality from other Microsoft products, such as Bing, and third-party connected products. If you work in an organization, your administrator may turn off or disable these connected services. You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office apps. For more information, see
Account Privacy Settings
.
Office Roaming Service
. The Office Roaming Service helps keep your settings, including your privacy settings, up to date across your devices running Microsoft 365 or Office apps. When you sign in to your apps with either your Microsoft account or an account issued by your organization, the service syncs some of your customized settings to Microsoft servers. For example, the service syncs a list of most recently used documents or the last location viewed within a document. When you sign in to another device with the same account, the Office Roaming Service downloads your settings from Microsoft servers and applies them to the additional device. When you sign out of your apps, the service removes your settings from your device. Any changes you make to your customized settings are sent to Microsoft servers.
Updates from Microsoft
. Microsoft uses services such as Click-to-Run, Microsoft AutoUpdate (for Mac), or Microsoft Update (for some versions of Office) to provide you with security and other important updates.
These services can automatically detect the availability of online updates for Microsoft 365 or Office apps on your device and download and install them automatically.
Diagnostic Data
. Diagnostic data is used to (i) keep your Microsoft 365 or Office apps secure and up to date; (ii) detect, diagnose, and remediate problems; and (iii) make product improvements. This data does not include a user’s name or email address, the content of the user’s files, or information about apps unrelated to Microsoft 365 or Office. Users have a choice between two different levels of diagnostic data collection, Required and Optional.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep apps secure, up to date, and performing as expected on the device it’s installed on.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help us detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
See
Diagnostic Data
for more information.
Connected Experiences
. Microsoft 365 continues to provide more experiences in client applications that are connected to and backed by cloud-based services. A subset of these connected experiences is also available in Office. If you choose to use connected experiences, required service data will be collected to help keep these connected experiences reliable, up to date, secure, and performing as expected. See below for additional information about required service data.
Working with others on a document stored on OneDrive or translating the contents of a Word document into a different language are examples of connected experiences. There are two types of connected experiences.
Experiences that analyze your content
. Experiences that use your file content to provide you with design recommendations, editing suggestions, data insights, and similar features. For example, PowerPoint Designer or Editor in Word.
Experiences that download online content
. Experiences that allow you to search and download online content including templates, images, 3D models, videos, and reference materials to enhance your documents. For example, templates or PowerPoint QuickStarter.
You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office client apps. These privacy settings allow you to configure your connected experiences. For example, you can choose to enable connected experiences that download online content, but not connected experiences that analyze content. Turning off connected experiences will also turn off additional experiences, such as document co-authoring and online file storage. But even if you use this privacy setting to turn off connected experiences, certain functionality will remain available, such as syncing your mailbox in Outlook, as well as essential services described below. These controls are not available when using Microsoft 365 for the web, since you will already be cloud-connected. For more information about accessing these controls, see
Account Privacy Settings.
If you choose to disable certain types of connected experiences, either the ribbon or menu command for those connected experiences will be grayed out or you will get an error message when you try to use those connected experiences.
Essential services
. There are a set of services that are essential to how Microsoft 365 and Office functions and cannot be disabled. For example, the licensing service that confirms that you are properly licensed to use Microsoft 365 is essential. Required service data about these services is collected and sent to Microsoft, regardless of any other settings that you have configured. See
Essential Services
for more information.
Required service data for connected experiences
. As you use a connected experience, data is sent to and processed by Microsoft to provide you that connected experience. This data is necessary because this information enables us to deliver these cloud-based connected experiences. We refer to this data as required service data.
Required service data can include information related to the operation of the connected experience that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected. If you choose to use a connected experience that analyzes your content, for example Translate in Word, the text you typed and selected to translate is also sent and processed to provide you the connected experience. Your text and the translation are not stored by our service. Required service data can also include information needed by a connected experience to perform its task, such as configuration information about the Microsoft 365 or Office app.
See
Required service data
for more information.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro
. Available as a separate subscription service in select countries, the Copilot features that appear in Microsoft 365 apps as part of a Microsoft 365 Personal, Microsoft 365 Family, or Copilot Pro subscription provide AI-powered productivity capabilities through real-time conversational experiences by applying large language model (LLM) processing on the content you choose to provide in Microsoft 365 apps including Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro are not available for use in Office desktop licenses. When used with available Microsoft 365 apps, Copilot will use the content in your files only when you ask it to perform a specific action on that specific content - for example, when you ask Copilot to help you rewrite a paragraph in a Word document or ask Copilot to generate a to-do list from your notes in OneNote. Similar to connected experiences, required service data is collected during your use of Copilot that includes information related to its operation that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
See
Copilot Pro: Microsoft 365 apps and your privacy
and
Frequently asked questions about Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family and Personal subscriptions
for more information.
Other Productivity Apps
. Microsoft provides several productivity apps separate from Microsoft 365 and Office, including Whiteboard (a free form digital canvas using touch, type, and pen), To Do (a cloud-based task management app), and Sticky Notes (a desktop notes app).
The apps use various cloud-based services to provide you with functionality from other Microsoft products, such as providing images from Bing in Whiteboard, recommending suggested tasks to add to My Day in To Do, and taking advantage of Sticky Notes' integration with Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. Some Microsoft 365 applications make use of your device capabilities using certain features. In PowerPoint, the presentation recording feature can access your device microphone and camera to record presentations with audio and video. Your device microphone is also accessed via the Record audio feature and when using Speaker Coach. As you speak, Speaker Coach gives you on-screen guidance about pacing, inclusive language, use of profanity, filler words, and whether you’re reading the slide text. When creating a PowerPoint presentation, you can also use the Screenshot and Screen clipping features to capture screen contents. Some Microsoft 365 applications, PowerPoint, Word, and OneNote, provide Dictate, a connected experience which lets you use speech-to-text to author content using your microphone. In Word and OneNote, the Transcribe connected experience converts speech recorded directly in the app using your microphone or using a speech audio recording to a text transcript with each speaker individually separated. OneNote can insert photos or record video using your camera. All Microsoft 365 apps along with To Do and Whiteboard have sharing functionality that accesses your contacts to allow you to share your documents with others in your contacts list. Applications will not access your device capabilities until you begin using the feature.
You can manage your microphone and camera access settings in the Windows Privacy Settings menu. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
. To learn more about how to control your privacy settings in apps, see
Windows privacy settings that apps use
.
Back to top
Microsoft Family
This section applies to the Microsoft Family Safety M365 product, which allows a family group to connect through the Microsoft Family Safety app on their Windows, Xbox, or mobile devices. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group.
Microsoft Family Safety can help parents and guardians to create a safer environment for their family group with digital content filtering, screen time limits, spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, setting age ratings for apps and games, and location sharing. To learn about how Microsoft collects and uses children’s data, see the
Collection of data from children section
of the Privacy Statement. If you are using Microsoft Family Safety in Windows, see the
Windows security and safety features section
of the Privacy Statement for additional information.
To enable Family Safety controls on a child account, the child account must be part of a family group. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who consented to the child account’s creation. For accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, the parent or guardian must add the account to their family group in order to use Family Safety controls.
When you have enabled family activity reporting for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their devices, such as search, web, app, and game activity, and provide parents with reports of that child's online activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Certain Family Safety features, such as Location Sharing, Drive Safety, Share Drives, Places, and Location Alerts will use your location information when enabled. When you have enabled Location Sharing, for instance, your device will upload location data to the cloud and share it with others in your family group. Microsoft retains only your last known location as part of the Location Sharing feature (each new location replaces the previous one). When you enable Drive Safety, your location will be used to record your drive habits such as whether you are driving within the speed limits, if you’re using your phone while driving, and if you accelerate or brake suddenly. These reports will be uploaded to the cloud, and you can choose to share your drive reports with your family group. You can turn off these location features at any time in the Family Safety settings. You can manage your device’s location data at the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. Learn more about
Family Safety and your location data
.
Back to top
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Launcher is an Android app that offers a highly customizable app launcher experience on Android devices.
Microsoft Launcher lets you log in with your personal Microsoft account or work account, or use it without any account. However, some functions may be limited if you do not grant certain permissions.
To use Microsoft Launcher, the application must be installed on your Android device, and optional permissions are required to enable the following features:
Microsoft Copilot
. When signed in with your personal Microsoft account, you can seamlessly use Copilot features like chat, web search, voice search, and image search. Certain Copilot features require access to your device capabilities, such as your device camera, microphone, photos, and videos. Please see our Artificial Intelligence and Copilot capabilities section for more information. Learn more about Copilot terms of use
here
.
Glance Feed
. Glance helps you organize daily activities, such as Outlook calendar, To Do list, Sticky Notes, and recent documents in your M365 apps. After signing-in with your personal Microsoft account or your work account, the data will be synced across devices signed into the same account to give you personalized experiences. It also enables you to review recent activities, like recent photos and app usage, which require permissions to access device photos, files, and app usage data.
News Feed
. When you sign in with your Microsoft account, you can enjoy a personalized news feed and advertisements in Launcher’s News Feed, synchronized across all your devices. You can also receive local curated news when you grant Microsoft Launcher permission to access your location information. You can manage your ad preferences through the Microsoft privacy dashboard to tailor your experience.
Weather Notifications
. Microsoft Launcher allows you to receive the latest and most important weather changes on your home screen with MSN Weather. You can receive up-to-date local weather information when you allow Launcher to access your location or provide your zip code.
Backup and Restore
: Easily transfer between phones or try different home screen setups with Microsoft Launcher's backup and restore feature. Backups can be stored locally on your device or saved to your OneDrive account associated with your Microsoft Account for easy access.
Microsoft Launcher supports Android work profile features, enabling you to maintain a clear boundary between personal and work data on your device. This means you can securely access work resources without mixing them with your personal apps and data.
To learn more about Microsoft Launcher and its supported features, please visit
here
.
Back to top
Microsoft Teams
This section applies to the consumer offering of Teams; if you are using Teams with a school or work account, see the
Enterprise and developer products
of this privacy statement.
Teams is an all-in-one collaboration and communication hub. Teams lets you stay organised and connected across your entire life. Teams allows you to call people with voice or video calling. Teams allows you to easily find people, files, photos, conversations, tasks, and calendars in one convenient and secure place. Teams allows you to store confidential information like passwords, rewards numbers, or login information and share it with others within Teams. With your consent, you can share your location with friends and family.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects data about the usage of the features as well as information about your communications, including the time and date of the communication and users that are part of the communication. Microsoft may share this information with Enterprise customers when you interact through meetings and chats with end users who are using their school or work account. For instance, if you engage in a Teams chat with a user who is using Teams associated with their school account, Microsoft may share your information with that user's school as part of providing the Teams service.
Compatibility with Skype
. As a Teams user, you can also log into Skype using your Teams account. If you log into Skype via your Teams credentials, you can use Skype to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Teams chat history through Skype. Skype users will be able to contact you on Teams and see your Teams presence status. For more information about Skype, see the
Skype section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts
. Your Teams profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft account. To enable other people to find you on Teams (or products that interact with Teams for personal use, including Teams for enterprise and Skype), your Teams profile is included in the Teams and Skype public search directories, and may be displayed on Skype and Teams. Depending on your settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others. Your Teams profile may be visible to Enterprise customers and their end users when you engage with an end user of an organization in chats and meetings.
Teams contacts
. With your permission, Teams will sync your device, Outlook, and Skype contacts periodically and check for other Teams users that match contacts in your device, Outlook, or Skype address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. If you choose to stop syncing your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Teams. If you wish to invite any of your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device, Outlook, or Skype address books of a Teams user who chooses to sync their device, Outlook, or Skype contacts with their Teams contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Teams user and to allow Teams users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Teams user continues to be active on Teams on their device and continues to enable contact syncing with the applicable device or service, your information will be stored on our servers, and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Teams user’s contact syncing experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Teams.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Teams users
.
If you do choose to join Teams, you will appear as a suggested new Teams contact for any Teams or Skype users with your information in their device, Outlook, or Skype address books. As a Teams user, you will be able to block other Teams and Skype users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Third-party contacts.
You can also choose to sync contacts from third-party providers. If you choose to unsync your third-party contacts on Teams, all third-party contacts are deleted from Teams. If you gave your consent to use those third-party contacts on other Microsoft apps and services, these contacts will still be available to those other Microsoft apps and services.
You can remove third-party contacts from all Microsoft apps and services by removing third-party accounts from Teams. Please note that removing a third-party account from Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services that also use that third-party account.
Teams calendar.
You can also choose to sync your Teams calendar with calendars from third-party providers. You can stop syncing your Teams calendar anytime by removing a third-party account from Teams. If you have consented to use third-party data on other Microsoft apps and services, please note that removing this third-party account data in Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services.
Location sharing
. You can share your static or live location with individuals or groups within Teams. You are in control and can stop sharing at any time. Sharing location for children is permitted with parental consent and in groups where an adult from the Microsoft family group is present.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Teams uses the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Teams has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service.
If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Teams calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found on your device.
Chats and meetings with Enterprise customer end users
. Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses, as well as individual users. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products section
of this privacy statement if you are using Teams with a work or school account. If you engage in Teams meetings or chats with end users of organizations, the data you share with the end users is subject to their organization’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries related to your data shared through chats and meetings with an organization’s end users, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to the organization’s administrator. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Back to top
OneDrive
OneDrive lets you store and access your files on virtually any device. You can also share and collaborate on your files with others. Some versions of the OneDrive application enable you to access both your personal OneDrive by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and your OneDrive for Business by signing in with your work or school Microsoft account as part of your organization's use of Microsoft 365 or Office 365.
When you use OneDrive, we collect data about your usage of the service, as well as the content you store, to provide, improve, and protect the services. Examples include indexing the contents of your OneDrive documents so that you can search for them later and using location information to enable you to search for photos based on where the photo was taken. We also collect device information so we can deliver personalized experiences, such as enabling you to sync content across devices and roam customized settings.
When you store content in OneDrive, that content will inherit the sharing permissions of the folder in which you store it. For example, if you decide to store content in the public folder, the content will be public and available to anyone on the internet who can find the folder. If you store content in a private folder, the content will be private.
When you share content to a social network like Facebook from a device that you have synced with your OneDrive account, your content is either uploaded to that social network, or a link to that content is posted to that social network. Doing this makes the content accessible to anyone on that social network. To delete the content, you need to delete it from the social network (if it was uploaded there, rather than a link to it) and from OneDrive.
When you share your OneDrive content with your friends via a link, an email with the link is sent to those friends. The link contains an authorization code that allows anyone with the link to access your content. If one of your friends sends the link to other people, they will also be able to access your content, even if you did not choose to share the content with them. To revoke permissions for your content on OneDrive, sign in to your account and then select the specific content to manage the permission levels. Revoking permissions for a link effectively deactivates the link. No one will be able to use the link to access the content unless you decide to share the link again.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive. OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 service.
Back to top
Outlook
Outlook products are designed to improve your productivity through improved communications and include Outlook.com, Outlook applications, and related services.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com is the primary consumer email service from Microsoft and includes email accounts with addresses that end in outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com, and msn.com. Outlook.com provides features that let you connect with your friends on social networks. You will need to create a Microsoft account to use Outlook.com.
When you delete an email or item from a mailbox in Outlook.com, the item generally goes into your Deleted Items folder where it remains for approximately 7 days unless you move it back to your inbox, you empty the folder, or the service empties the folder automatically, whichever comes first. When the Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion, unless we are legally required to retain the data for longer.
Outlook applications
. Outlook client applications are software you install on your device that permits you to manage email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other data from email, file storage, and other services, like Exchange Online or Outlook.com, or servers, like Microsoft Exchange. You can use multiple accounts from different providers, including third-party providers, with Outlook applications,
including the new Outlook for Windows app
.
To add an account, you must provide permission for Outlook to access data from the email or file storage services.
When you add an account to Outlook, your mail, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device. If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as faster search, personalized filtering of less important mail, and an ability to add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application. If you are using the desktop Outlook application, you can choose whether to allow the data to sync to our servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that is synced from your account.
If you add an account provided by an organization (such as your employer or school), the owner of the organizational domain can implement policies and controls (for example, requiring multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that can affect your use of Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. For Outlook clients that support it, the user can dictate the contents of an email and send using the Dictate feature. The Dictate feature may be configured to use the device’s microphone or any other microphone that a user may connect to their device, like a microphone-enabled pair of headphones. Outlook may also use your device location information to provide you with weather information for your current location as well as provide the ability to search for nearby locations.
To learn more about the data the Outlook applications collect and process, please see the
Microsoft 365
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Skype
Skype lets you send and receive voice, video, SMS, and instant message communications. This section applies to the consumer version of Skype; if you are using Skype for Business, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects usage data about your communications that includes the time and date of the communication and the numbers or user names that are part of the communication.
Compatibility with Teams.
As a Skype user, you can also log into Teams using your Skype account. If you log into Teams via your Skype credentials, you can use Teams to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Skype missed calls and chat history through Teams. Teams users will be able to contact you on Skype and see your Skype presence status. For more information about Teams, see the
Microsoft Teams section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts.
Your Skype profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft or Skype account. To enable other people to find you on Skype (or products that interact with Skype, such as Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams), your Skype profile is included in Skype and Teams public search directories and may be visible on both Skype and Teams. Depending on your profile settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your user name, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others.
Emergency calling in the United States.
If you enable location sharing for emergency calling, your location will be periodically collected to enable Microsoft to share your location with emergency calling service providers if you dial 911. Your location information is only shared if you enable location sharing for emergency calling and you initiate a 911 call.
Skype contacts.
If you use Outlook.com to manage contacts, Skype will automatically add the people you know to your Skype contact list until you tell the application to stop. With your permission, Skype will sync your device contacts periodically and check for other Skype users that match contacts in your device or Outlook address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications. If you choose to stop syncing your device contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Skype. If you wish to invite any of your device or Outlook contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device or Outlook address book of a Skype user who chooses to sync their device or Outlook contacts with their Skype contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Skype user and to allow Skype users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Skype user continues to be active on Skype on their device and continues to enable contact syncing, your information will be stored on our servers and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Skype user’s contact synching experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Skype.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Skype users
.
If you do choose to join Skype, you will appear as a suggested new Skype contact for any Skype and Teams users with your information in their device or Outlook address books. As a Skype user, you will be able to block other Skype and Teams users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Partner companies
. To make Skype available to more people, we partner with other companies to allow Skype to be offered via those companies’ services. If you use Skype through a company other than Microsoft, that company’s privacy policy governs how it handles your data. To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, or to help our partner company or local operator comply or respond, we may access, transfer, disclose, and preserve your data. That data could include, for example, your private content, such as the content of your instant messages, stored video messages, voicemails, or file transfers.
Skype Manager
. Skype Manager lets you manage a group’s (such as your family’s) Skype usage from one central place. When you set up a group, you will be the Skype Manager Administrator and can see the patterns of usage, including detailed information, like traffic data and details of purchases, of other members of the group who have consented to such access. If you add information like your name, other people in the group will be able to see it. Members of the group can withdraw consent for Skype Manager by visiting their
Skype account page
.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Skype apps use the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Skype has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Skype calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found in the Skype application or your device.
Translation features
. When you use Skype’s translation features, Skype collects and uses your conversation to provide the translation service. With your permission, your data may be used to help improve Microsoft products and services. To help the translation and speech recognition technology learn and grow, sentences and automatic transcripts are analyzed and any corrections are entered into our system, to build better performing services. This data may include manual transcription of your voice clips. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Recording features
. Some versions of Skype have a recording feature that allows you to capture and share all or part of your audio / video call. The recording will be stored and shared as part of your conversation history with the person or group with whom the call occurred.
You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use your recordings or the recording features.
Skype bots
. Bots are programs offered by Microsoft or third parties that can do many useful things like search for news, play games, and more. Depending on their capabilities, bots may have access to your display name, Skype ID, country, region, language, and any messages, audio, video, or content that you share with the bot. Please review the bot profile and its privacy statement before engaging in a one-to-one or group conversation with a bot. You can delete a bot that you no longer wish to engage with. Prior to adding a bot to a group, please ensure that your group participants have consented to their information being shared with the bot.
Captioning
. Certain Skype features include accessibility functionality such as captioning. During Skype calls, a call participant can activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio chat as text. If a user activates this feature, other call participants will not receive a notification. Microsoft uses this voice and text data to provide captioning of audio for users.
Camera Features
. When you use the camera feature in Skype, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in Skype, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the Skype to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to Skype or any third party.
Back to top
Surface
Microsoft offers its family of Surface devices and accessories to provide a great computing experience, including surfing the web, watching and streaming videos, playing games, running apps like Excel, Word, and OneNote, and more. These include devices and accessories like Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard, and more. As part of that experience, Microsoft collects certain diagnostic data, as described below.
Diagnostic data
. Microsoft collects diagnostic data as you use your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and Surface applications. Diagnostic data can include information about crashes, performance, and usage of Surface products. The data that is sent to Microsoft is used to help keep Surface secure, up to date, and performing as expected and can help us make other improvements to Surface.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required diagnostic data
is the minimum amount of data that we need to help keep Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application secure, up-to-date, and performing as expected.
Optional diagnostic data
is additional diagnostic and usage data about your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. If you choose to send optional diagnostic data to Microsoft, required diagnostic data is also included.
Required diagnostic data is always sent to Microsoft for all Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. But you can choose whether to allow Surface to collect optional diagnostic data and send it to Microsoft. You can make that choice when you first set up your Surface device or change the setting at any time in the Surface app.
For more information, see
Diagnostic data for Surface products
and
Diagnostic data in the Surface app
. For a list of Surface required diagnostic data collected, see
Required diagnostic data for Surface products
.
Back to top
Surface Duo
The Surface Duo is a device featuring two screens that fits in your pocket for productivity on the go. Powered by the Google Android operating system, Surface Duo supports cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity and can be used for email, internet browsing, games, and business connectivity.
Microsoft provides a core Surface Duo experience that runs on the Android operating system. The core Surface Duo experience includes apps such as the Microsoft Launcher, Setup Wizard, and Your Phone Companion. You can sign in with a Google ID and enable various Google services; you can then also sign in with your Microsoft account (MSA) and enable Microsoft’s services. Microsoft apps and services may rely on information provided by Google. Some features, such as location, require that you enable this functionality for Google and separately allow Microsoft to leverage this information.
Diagnostic data
. Surface Duo collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep the core Surface Duo experience up to date, secure, and operating properly. This data also helps us improve Surface Duo and related Microsoft products and services. The data does not include your user name, email address, or the content of your files. There are two levels of diagnostic data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep the core Surface Duo experience secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help Microsoft detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
Learn more in Surface Duo Privacy Settings
.
Surface Duo location settings
. Surface Duo relies on Google location services to determine the device’s precise geographic location to display the local weather. The location of your Surface Duo can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. If you want Microsoft apps to be able to reference or display weather or other location related information, you need to enable Google location services and Microsoft location access. Some apps may require these settings be enabled independently for the app and can be set or changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings. The
Google Privacy Policy
provides details about Google’s location service and related data privacy practices. See
Surface Duo Location Settings
for more information.
Microsoft apps included with the Surface Duo
. The diagnostic data options for the core Surface Duo experience are configured when you initially set up your Surface Duo and can be changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings under the Diagnostic Data section.
The other Microsoft apps on your Surface Duo may prompt you to enable functionality to enable the full experience of the app or you may be asked to allow optional diagnostic data collection. You can change the settings for these apps in the Surface Duo Settings under the app name. More information about these apps is available in the
Productivity and communications products
and
Search and Browse
sections of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
LinkedIn
To learn about the data LinkedIn collects and how it is used and shared, please see LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Search and browse
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Bing
Bing services include search and mapping services, as well as other apps and programs described in this section. Bing services collect and process data in many forms, including text that has been inked or typed, voice data, and images. Bing services are also included within other Microsoft services, such as Microsoft 365, and certain features in Windows (which we refer to as Bing-powered experiences).
When you conduct a search, or use a feature of a Bing-powered experience that involves conducting a search or entering a command on your behalf, Microsoft will collect the searches or commands you provide (which may be in the form of text, voice data, or an image), along with your IP address, location, the unique identifiers contained in our cookies or similar technologies, the time and date of your search, and your browser configuration. For example, if you use Bing voice-enabled services, your voice input and performance data associated with the speech functionality will be sent to Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
. And, if you use Bing image-enabled services, the image you provide will be sent to Microsoft. When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search a particular word or phrase within a webpage or document, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
AI-enhanced Bing search
. Bing search now includes an AI-enhanced web search functionality, using Microsoft Copilot in Bing, which supports users by providing relevant search results, reviewing and summarizing from across the web, refining research queries through the chat experience, and sparking creativity by helping users create content. Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in this section. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
.
Search suggestions
. For the search suggestions feature, the characters that you type into a Bing-powered experience (such as search and site suggestions in the Microsoft Edge browser) to conduct a search and what you click on will be sent to Microsoft. This allows us to provide you with relevant suggestions as you type your searches. To turn this feature on or off, while using Bing Search, go to
Bing Settings
. There are other methods to control this feature in other Bing-powered experiences, such as the Microsoft Edge browser. Search Suggestions cannot be turned off in the search box in Windows 10 and Windows 11. If you choose, you can always hide the search box or icon on the taskbar.
Bing experience improvement program for Bing Desktop and Bing Toolbar
. If you are using Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar and choose to participate in the Bing Experience Improvement Program, we also collect additional data about how you use these specific Bing apps, such as the addresses of the websites you visit, to help improve search ranking and relevance. To help protect your privacy, we do not use the data collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program to identify or contact you or target advertising to you. You can turn off the Bing Experience Improvement Program at any time in the Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar settings. Finally, we delete the information collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program after 18 months.
Retention and de-identification
. We de-identify stored search queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Personalization through Microsoft account
. Some Bing services provide you with an enhanced experience when you sign in with your personal Microsoft account, for example, syncing your search history across devices. You can use these personalization features to customize your interests, favorites, and settings, and to connect your account with third-party services. Visit
Bing Settings
to manage your personalization settings, or the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
to manage your data.
Managing search history
. When you’re signed-in to a personal Microsoft account, you can erase your search and chat history on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. The Search History service from Bing, located in Bing Settings, provides another method of revisiting the search terms you've entered and results you've clicked when using Bing search through your browser. You may clear your search history on a device through this service. The conversations you have with Microsoft Copilot in Bing are also remembered as “Recent activity”. The history of previous Recent activities is saved, with the names of chats based by default on the first query of the chat. Your Recent activity is displayed on the right-hand side of the chat window when you are using the service. Clearing your history prevents that history from being displayed in your Search History or chat history, but does not delete information from our search logs, which are retained and de-identified as described above or as you have instructed through the privacy dashboard. If you are signed-in to a work or school Microsoft account using Microsoft Search in Bing, you can export your Microsoft Search in Bing search history, but you cannot delete it. Your Microsoft Search in Bing service administrator can see aggregated search history across all enterprise users but cannot see specific searches by user.
Third-party services that use Bing
. You may access Bing-powered experiences when using third-party services, such as those from Yahoo!. In order to provide these services, Bing receives data from these and other partners, including your search query and related data (such as date, time, IP address, and a unique identifier). This data will be sent to Microsoft to provide the search service. Microsoft will use this data as described in this statement or as further limited by our contractual obligations with our partners. You should refer to the privacy policies of the third-party services for any questions about how they collect and use data.
Data passed to destination website
. When you select a search result or advertisement from a Bing search results page and go to the destination website, the destination website will receive the standard data your browser sends to every web site you visit—such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the host name of the site you came from (in this case,
https://www.bing.com/
).
Sharing data from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with third parties
. We share some de-identified data (data where the identity of a specific person is not known) from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with selected third parties. Before we do so, we run the data through a process designed to remove certain sensitive data that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and to not use the data for purposes other than for which it is provided.
Back to top
Microsoft Edge
Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' or online services’ web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Certain features in Microsoft Edge, such as when you open a new tab in the browser, connect you to Microsoft Start Content and your experiences with such content is covered by the Microsoft Start section of this privacy statement. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Microsoft Edge for Windows, Linux, and macOS
. Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows 10 and later and is also available on other supported versions of Windows and macOS.
Data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Clear Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Settings and More
. Allows you to manage your favorites, downloads, history, extensions, and collections.
Collections
. Allows you to collect text, images, videos, and other content in a note page in your browser. When you drag content into your collection, it is cached on your device and can be deleted through your collection.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Microsoft collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. When signed into Microsoft Edge using your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will sync your browser data saved on your device across other signed-in devices. You may choose which browser data to sync, including your favorites, browsing history, extensions and associated data, settings, open tabs, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), passwords, payment information, and other data types as they become available. If you choose to sync extensions that you acquired from third-party web stores, a copy of those extensions will be downloaded directly from those web stores on your synced device(s). If you have turned on Password Monitor, your saved credentials are hashed, encrypted and sent to Microsoft’s Password Monitor service to warn you if your credentials were detected as part of a malicious attack or a breach. Microsoft does not retain this data after the check is complete. You can disable or configure syncing in the Microsoft Edge settings.
When you sign into Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will store your account’s privacy preferences. Microsoft Edge will use the stored preferences to migrate your account’s privacy choices across your signed-in devices, including during Windows device set up or when you sign into Microsoft Edge with your account on a new device.
Microsoft Edge’s
Search and site suggestions
uses your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search recommendations. Microsoft Edge sends the information you type into the browser address bar to the default search provider configured in the address bar to offer search recommendations as you type each character. You can turn off these features at any time in the browser settings. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge sends your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects and uses data from your search activity across the web, including websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services, such as Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing and Microsoft News. This data may include the search query, the search results that are displayed to you, demographic information that is part of the search results, and the interaction you have with those search results, such as the links you click. Microsoft Edge takes steps to de-identify the data it collects by removing data that identifies the person or device from which it was collected and retains this data for one year from when it is collected. Microsoft does not use this collected data to personalize or provide ads to you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Microsoft Edge downloads content from Microsoft services to enhance your browsing experiences; for example, when data is downloaded to prerender site content for faster browsing or to provide content required to power features you choose to use, such as providing templates for Collections.
You may also choose to share your Microsoft Edge browsing activity to allow us to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping, and news. Microsoft Edge browsing activity includes your history, favorites, usage data, web content, and other browsing data. For more information about our
advertising privacy policies
see the Advertising section of the privacy statement. In the Microsoft privacy dashboard you can control the use of your browsing activity for personalized ads in the
See ads that interest you
setting. If you disable this setting in the Microsoft privacy dashboard you will continue to receive personalized web experiences like search and news based on your browsing activity. You may stop sharing your Microsoft Edge browsing activity by disabling
Allow Microsoft to use your browsing activity including history, favorites, usage and other browsing data to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping and news
within Edge settings. When using Copilot features in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can choose to allow Microsoft Copilot in Edge to access the content of the webpage you are viewing in order to provide further insights, such as page summaries. Use of data connected with Copilot experiences is consistent with the Copilot data use described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and Windows.
Separate from your search activity data mentioned above, you can choose to send optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about your browser activity, including browsing history and search terms to Microsoft to help us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. For Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 and later, this information is provided when you have enabled optional diagnostic data. For details, see the Windows Diagnostics section of the privacy statement. For Microsoft Edge on other operating systems, optional diagnostic information is provided when you enable
Improve Microsoft products by sending data about how you use the browser
or
Make searches and Microsoft products better by sending info about websites you visit in Microsoft Edge
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual browser installation on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Learn more about Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
.
Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android
. Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android devices collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. Microsoft also collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge.
Additionally, you may share optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about websites you visit (browsing history) for personalized experiences on your browser, Windows, and other Microsoft products and services. This information also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. This optional diagnostic data is sent to us when you enable
Share usage data for personalization
or
Share info about websites you visit
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual user on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Microsoft Edge uses data from your search activity across the web, including search activity on websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services like Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing, and Microsoft News. The data Microsoft Edge collects may include personal data; however, Microsoft Edge takes steps to scrub and de-identify the data. Microsoft Edge does not use this data to personalize or provide ads for you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Learn more about Search results data for product improvement
.
For information about the privacy practices of legacy versions Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below), see the Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer section of the privacy statement.
Back to top
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator is a machine translation system and service designed to automatically translate text and voice input between numerous supported languages. Microsoft Translator is made available as a stand-alone consumer app for Android, iOS, and Windows and its service capabilities are also integrated in a variety of Microsoft products and services, such as Translator Hub, Translator for Bing, and Translator for Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator processes the text, image, and voice data you submit, as well as device and usage data. We use this data to provide Microsoft Translator, personalize your experiences, and improve our products and services. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify the data you submit to Microsoft Translator. For example, when we randomly sample text and audio to improve Microsoft Translator and Microsoft’s speech recognition technologies, we delete identifiers and certain text, such as email addresses and some number sequences, detected in the sample that could contain personal data. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Separate from Microsoft Translator, Microsoft translation services are available as features in other Microsoft products and services that have different privacy practices than Microsoft Translator. For more information on the Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Translator Text API, Custom Translator, and Translator Speech API, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. For the Translate feature in Microsoft 365 apps and Skype, see the
Productivity and communications products
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
SwiftKey
The Microsoft SwiftKey keyboard and related cloud-based services (collectively, the “SwiftKey Services”) process data about words you use and how you type and use this data to learn your writing style and provide personalized autocorrection and predictive text that adapts to you. We also use this data to offer a range of other features, such as emoji predictions.
SwiftKey prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalized language model. This model is an optimized view of the words and phrases that you use most often in context and reflects your unique writing style. The model itself contains the words you commonly type arranged in a way that enables SwiftKey’s algorithms to make predictions, based on text you have already entered. The model draws from all scenarios in which you use your keyboard, including when you type while using apps or visiting websites. The SwiftKey keyboard and model attempt to avoid collecting sensitive data, by not collecting data from certain fields such as those recognized as containing password or payment data. SwiftKey Services do not log or store, the data contained in your model, unless you choose to share your data with us (as described further below). When you use SwiftKey Services, we also collect device and usage data. When you sign into your SwiftKey account and agree to share the following data, we will use de-identified device data, usage data, and model data to analyze service performance and help improve our products.
The SwiftKey Services also include an optional cloud component called a SwiftKey Account. If you choose to create a SwiftKey Account, your language model will be synchronized with the SwiftKey Account cloud service, so you can benefit from that model on the different devices you use and access additional services such as prediction synchronization and backup. When you create a SwiftKey Account, Microsoft will also collect your email address and basic demographic data. All data collected is transferred to our servers over encrypted channels. If you are signed in to your SwiftKey account, you can control your personal data and SwiftKey account preferences at
data.swiftkey.com
.
As part of your SwiftKey account, you may also opt in to share your language and/or typing data for the purposes of improving Microsoft products and services. If you opt-in, SwiftKey may send short snippets of data about what and how you type and related correction data to our servers for processing. These text snippets are used in various automated processes to validate that our prediction services are working correctly and to make product improvements. To preserve your privacy, SwiftKey Services de-identify these text snippets, and even if you have a SwiftKey Account, these text snippets will not be linked to it.
If you sign into your SwiftKey Account and opt-in to share your language and typing data, Microsoft will process your shared data to look for new patterns of language usage across our user base. This allows us to improve our basic models for individual languages. Language and typing data used in this process is aggregated and any words or combinations of words that might be personal to individuals or small groups of users are filtered out.
You can withdraw your consent to share your language and typing data for product improvement at any time in SwiftKey Settings. You can also withdraw your consent for SwiftKey Services to retain your personal data in SwiftKey Settings. When you withdraw consent for SwiftKey to retain your personal data, all personal data collected through your use of the SwiftKey Services will be deleted.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time in the SwiftKey Settings.
When you use the camera feature in SwiftKey, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in SwiftKey keyboard, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the keyboard to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to SwiftKey or any third party.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Windows
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Activation
When you activate Windows, a specific product key is associated with the device on which your software is installed. The product key and data about the software and your device is sent to Microsoft to help validate your license to the software. This data may be sent again if there is a need to re-activate or validate your license. On phones running Windows, device and network identifiers, as well as device location at the time of the first power-up of the device, are also sent to Microsoft for the purpose of warranty registration, stock replenishment, and fraud prevention.
Back to top
Activity history
Activity history helps keep track of the things you do on your device, such as the apps and services you use, the files you open, and the websites you browse. Your activity history is created when using different apps and features such as Microsoft Edge Legacy, some Microsoft Store apps, and Microsoft 365 apps and is stored locally on your device.
You can turn settings off or on for storing activity history locally on your device, and you can also clear your device’s activity history at any time by going to
Privacy > Activity history
in the Windows settings app.
Learn more about activity history in Windows
.
Back to top
Advertising ID
Windows generates a unique advertising ID for each person using a device, which app developers and advertising networks can then use for their own purposes, including providing relevant advertising in apps. When the advertising ID is enabled, both Microsoft apps and third-party apps can access and use the advertising ID in much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Thus, your advertising ID can be used by app developers and advertising networks to provide more relevant advertising and other personalized experiences across their apps and on the web. Microsoft collects the advertising ID for the uses described here only when you choose to enable the advertising ID as part of your privacy setting.
The advertising ID setting applies to Windows apps using the Windows advertising identifier. You can turn off access to this identifier at any time by turning off the advertising ID in the Windows settings app. If you choose to turn it on again, the advertising ID will be reset and a new identifier will be generated. When a third-party app accesses the advertising ID, its use of the advertising ID will be subject to its own privacy policy.
Learn more about advertising ID in Windows
.
The advertising ID setting does not apply to other methods of interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft or third parties, such as cookies used to provide interest-based display ads on websites. Third-party products accessed through or installed on Windows may also deliver other forms of interest-based advertising subject to their own privacy policies. Microsoft delivers other forms of interest-based ads in certain Microsoft products, both directly and by partnering with third-party ad providers. For more information on how Microsoft uses data for advertising, see the
How we use personal data
section of this statement.
Back to top
Diagnostics
Microsoft collects Windows diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. It also helps us improve Windows and related Microsoft products and services. While the device is running, diagnostic data is collected and periodically transmitted to Microsoft and stored along with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device's service issues and use patterns.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data. Certain product documentation and other materials refer to Required diagnostic data as Basic diagnostic data and to Optional diagnostic data as Full diagnostic data.
If an organization (such as your employer or school) uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides to you and enrolls your device in the Windows diagnostic data processor configuration, Microsoft’s processing of diagnostic data in connection with Windows is governed by a contract between Microsoft and the organization. If an organization uses Microsoft management tools or engages Microsoft to manage your device, Microsoft and the organization will use and process diagnostic and error data from your device to allow the management, monitoring, and troubleshooting of your devices managed by the organization, and for other purposes of the organization.
Required diagnostic data
includes information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. We collect the following Required diagnostic data:
Device, connectivity, and configuration data:
Data about the device such as the processor type, OEM manufacturer, type of battery and capacity, number and type of cameras, firmware, and memory attributes.
Network capabilities and connection data such as the device’s IP address, mobile network (including IMEI and mobile operator), and whether the device is connected to a free or paid network.
Data about the operating system and its configuration such as the OS version and build number, region and language settings, diagnostics data settings, and whether the device is part of the Windows Insider program.
Data about connected peripherals such as model, manufacturer, drivers, and compatibility data.
Data about the applications installed on the device such as application name, version, and publisher.
Whether a device is ready for an update and whether there are factors that may impede the ability to receive updates, such as low battery, limited disk space, or connectivity through a paid network.
Whether updates complete successfully or fail.
Data about the reliability of the diagnostics collection system itself.
Basic error reporting, which is health data about the operating system and applications running on your device. For example, basic error reporting tells us if an application, such as Microsoft Paint or a third-party game, hangs or crashes.
Optional diagnostic data
includes more detailed information about your device and its settings, capabilities, and device health. Optional diagnostic data may also include data about the websites you browse, device activity (also sometimes referred to as usage), and enhanced error reporting that helps Microsoft to fix and improve products and services for all users. When you choose to send Optional diagnostic data, Required diagnostic data will always be included, and we collect the following additional information:
Additional data about the device, connectivity, and configuration, beyond that collected under Required diagnostic data.
Status and logging information about the health of operating system and other system components beyond that collected about the update and diagnostics systems under Required diagnostic data.
App activity, such as which programs are launched on a device, how long they run, and how quickly they respond to input.
Browser activity, including browsing history and search terms, in Microsoft browsers (Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer).
Enhanced error reporting, including the memory state of the device when a system or app crash occurs (which may unintentionally contain user content, such as parts of a file you were using when the problem occurred).
Some of the data described above may not be collected from your device even if you choose to send Optional diagnostic data. Microsoft minimizes the volume of Optional diagnostic data it collects from all devices by collecting some of the data from only a subset of devices (sample). By running the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool, you can see an icon which indicates whether your device is part of a sample and also which specific data is collected from your device. Instructions for how to download the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool can be found in the Windows settings app under Diagnostics & feedback.
Specific data items collected in Windows diagnostics are subject to change to give Microsoft flexibility to collect the data needed for the purposes described. For example, to enable Microsoft to troubleshoot the latest performance issue impacting users’ computing experience or update a Windows device that is new to the market, Microsoft may need to collect data items that were not collected previously. For a current list of data types collected at
Required diagnostic data
and
Optional diagnostic data
, see
Windows Required (Basic level) diagnostic events and fields
or
Windows Optional (Full level) diagnostic data
. We provide limited portions of error report information to partners (such as the device manufacturer) to help them troubleshoot products and services which work with Windows and other Microsoft product and services. They are only permitted to use this information to repair or improve those products and services. We may also share some aggregated, de-identified diagnostic data, such as general usage trends for Windows apps and features, with selected third parties.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Inking and typing Recognition
. You also can choose to help Microsoft improve inking and typing recognition by sending inking and typing diagnostic data. If you choose to do so, Microsoft will collect samples of the content you type or write to improve features such as handwriting recognition, autocompletion, next word prediction, and spelling correction in the many languages used by Microsoft customers. When Microsoft collects inking and typing diagnostic data, it is divided into small samples and processed to remove unique identifiers, sequencing information, and other data (such as email addresses and numeric values) which could be used to reconstruct the original content or associate the input to you. It also includes associated performance data, such as changes you manually make to text, as well as words you've added to the dictionary.
Learn more about improving inking and typing in Windows
.
Back to top
Personalized offers
If you choose to turn on
Personalized offers
, we will use information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, in combination with your account info and data collected by other Microsoft products and services to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance your Windows experiences. Personalized offers include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware to enhance your Windows experiences. For example, Windows might tell you about new features to help you get the most out of your device. If you stream movies in your browser, Windows might recommend an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows might recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to add more storage.
When Personalized offers is on, Windows may use your required diagnostic data to personalize offers. This data may include information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have decided to share optional diagnostic data, the data used to personalize offers may also include information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. We may also use information about your device and your activity to personalize offers locally on your device, even when the data does not leave your device. We do not use the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalizing offers.
In addition to information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, we may use or combine the following data from other Microsoft products and your account with Windows diagnostic data to personalize offers:
Web activity, if you give Microsoft Edge permission to collect your web activity for personalized search, ads, and news.
Info about your use of other Microsoft products and services, including Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, and Microsoft websites, such as MSN.com.
Subscription and purchase history.
Data from third-party websites which may be shared with Microsoft.
We may also use information about your interactions with tips, recommendations, and promotions to provide and improve the personalized offers and similar messages in other Microsoft products.
To manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers, you can visit your
Personalized ads and offers page
. The data we use to personalize offers may change over time, but this page will always have the latest list of data sources so you can make decisions on how your data is used by Microsoft. In some regions such as the European Economic Area, turning off Personalized offers on Windows also stops the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize tips, ads, and recommendations in Windows. In other regions, you can manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers by visiting your
Personalized ads and offers page
.
Contextual data from your device and some basic account data are used to show you appropriate messaging in Windows regardless of whether the Personalized offers setting or the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize offers are turned off. For example, this data is used to make sure content is in the correct language and appropriate for your age group.
Personalized offers applies to tips, offers, ads, and recommendations you see in Windows. Changing this setting will not impact the kinds of offers you may see in other Microsoft products. You can change this setting at any time by searching for
Personalized offers
in the Windows Settings app.
Learn more about personalized offers
.
Tailored experiences
Tailored experiences is being replaced by Personalized offers in more recent versions of Windows. If you have not installed the latest Windows Update, you may still see Tailored experiences on your device.
If you choose to turn on Tailored experiences, we will use your Windows diagnostic data (Required or Optional as you have selected) to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance Microsoft experiences. If you have selected Required as your diagnostic data setting, personalization is based on information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have selected Optional, personalization is also based on information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. However, we do not use information about the websites you browse, the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalization when we receive such data from customers who have selected Optional. Tailored experiences data is transmitted to Microsoft and stored with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
Tailored experiences include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware for your Windows experiences. For example, to help you get the most out of your device, we may tell you about features you may not know about or that are new. If you are having a problem with your Windows device, you may be offered a solution. You may be offered a chance to customize your lock screen with pictures, or to be shown more pictures of the kind you like, or fewer of the ones you do not. If you stream movies in your browser, you may be recommended an app from the Microsoft store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows may recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to gain more space.
Learn more about tailored experiences in Windows
.
Back to top
Feedback Hub
Feedback Hub provides a way to gather feedback on Microsoft products and installed first party and third-party apps. When you use Feedback Hub, Feedback Hub periodically reads the installed app list to determine apps for which feedback can be sent. Feedback Hub determines the apps installed in your device through public APIs. Additionally, for HoloLens, Feedback Hub uses your camera and microphone when you choose to share surroundings and audio input. It also uses picture and document library to access screenshots and screen recordings that you attach for sending as part of feedback.
You can sign into Feedback Hub using either your personal Microsoft account or an account provided by your organization (such as your employer or school) that you use to sign into Microsoft products. Signing in with your work or school account allows you to submit feedback to Microsoft in association with your organization. Any feedback you provide whether using your work or school account or personal Microsoft account may be publicly viewable depending on the settings configured by your organization’s administrators. Additionally, if feedback is provided using your work or school account, your feedback can be viewed through the Feedback Hub or via admin center by your organization’s administrators.
When you submit feedback to Microsoft about a problem or add more details to a problem, diagnostic data will be sent to Microsoft to improve Microsoft products and services. Depending on your Diagnostic data settings in the
Diagnostics & feedback
section of the Windows settings, Feedback Hub will either send diagnostic data automatically or you will have the option to send it to Microsoft at the time you provide feedback. Based on the category chosen when submitting feedback, there may be additional personal data collected that helps to further troubleshoot issues; for example, location related information when submitting feedback about location services or gaze related information when submitting feedback on Mixed Reality. Microsoft may also share your feedback along with the data collected when you submit your feedback with Microsoft partners (such as a device manufacturer, or firmware developer) to help them troubleshoot products and services that work with Windows and other Microsoft products and services.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Back to top
Get Help
Get Help enables Windows users to get technical support on Windows and other Microsoft applications.  It provides self-service support (such as links to help articles or directions on how Windows users can solve problems on their own), Diagnostics, and connecting the customer to a live Microsoft agent as appropriate. You can sign into the Get Help component with your Microsoft account to create a consumer support case.  Enterprise account users may also be permitted to create a customer support case depending on their organization’s support contract, and if enabled by their tenant administrator.
Get Help may suggest you run a Diagnostic. If you consent, diagnostic data is handled in accordance with the
Diagnostics
section.
If permitted by system settings, the system microphone may be used to capture the support question instead of your needing to type. You can control this in the “Microphone Privacy Settings” in the Windows Settings application. Get Help will also access your Application List to aid in opening the Feedback Hub to the correct app if you choose to start the feedback process within Get Help. All feedback will be entered and controlled by the Feedback Hub, as described in the Feedback Hub section of this Privacy Statement. Get Help does not use your location data as part of its services.
Back to top
Live captions
Live captions transcribe audio to help with the comprehension of spoken content. Live captions can generate captions from any audio containing speech, whether the audio is online, audio you have downloaded to your device, or audio received from your microphone. By default, transcribing microphone audio is disabled.
Voice data that is captioned is only processed on your device and is not shared to the cloud or with Microsoft.
Learn more about live captions
.
Back to top
Location services and recording
Windows location service
. Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device. Depending on the capabilities of the device, the device’s location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. When you have enabled location on a Windows device, or you have given permission for Microsoft apps to access location information on non-Windows devices, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected. This de-identified location information is used to improve Microsoft's location services.
Windows services and features, apps running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the device’s location through Windows if your settings allow them to do so. Some features and apps request location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the device’s location. For information about certain Windows apps that use the device’s location, see the
Windows apps
section of this privacy statement.
When an app or feature accesses the device’s location and you are signed in with a Microsoft account, your Windows device will also upload its location to the cloud where it is available across your devices to other apps or services that use your Microsoft account and for which you’ve granted permission. We will retain only the last known location (each new location replaces the previous one). Data about a Windows device's recent location history is also stored on the device even if not using a Microsoft account, and certain apps and Windows features can access this location history. You can clear your device's location history at any time in the Windows settings app.
In the Windows settings app, you can also view which apps have access to the device’s precise location or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the device’s location for particular apps, or turn off access to the device’s location. You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can’t detect a more exact location for your device.
There are some exceptions to how your device’s location can be determined that are not directly managed by the location settings.
Desktop apps are a specific type of app that won’t ask for separate permission to discover your device location information and won’t appear in the list that allows you to choose apps that can use your location. They can be downloaded from the Microsoft Store, downloaded from the internet, or installed with some type of media (such as a CD, DVD, or USB storage device). They’re opened using an .EXE, .MSI, or .DLL file, and they typically run on your device, unlike web-based apps (which run in the cloud).
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to determine your device’s location when the device’s location setting is off
.
Some web-based experiences or third-party apps that surface on Windows could use other technologies (such as Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, cellular modem, etc.) or cloud-based location services to determine your device’s location with varying degrees of accuracy even when you’ve turned off the device location setting.
In addition, to facilitate getting help in an emergency, whenever you make an emergency call, Windows will attempt to determine and share your precise location, regardless of your location settings. If your device has a SIM card or is otherwise using cellular service, your mobile operator will have access to your device’s location.
Learn more about location in Windows
.
General Location
. If you turn on Location services, apps that cannot use your precise location may still have access to your general location, such as your city, postal code, or region.
Find my device
. The Find my device feature allows an administrator of a Windows device to find the location of that device from account.microsoft.com/devices. To enable Find my device, an administrator needs to be signed in with a Microsoft account and have the location setting enabled. This feature will work even if other users have denied access to location for all their apps. When the administrator attempts to locate the device, users will see a notification in the notification area.
Learn more about Find my device in Windows
.
Recording
. Some Windows devices have a recording feature that allows you to capture audio and video clips of your activity on the device, including your communications with others. If you choose to record a session, the recording will be saved locally on your device. In some cases, you may have the option to transmit the recording to a Microsoft product or service that broadcasts the recording publicly.
Important: You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording and/or transmitting any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use recording features or your recordings.
Back to top
Narrator
Narrator is a built-in screen reader tool that helps you use Windows without a screen. Narrator offers intelligent image and page title description and web page summaries when you encounter undescribed images and ambiguous links.
When you choose to get an image description by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the image will be sent to Microsoft to perform analysis of the image and generate a description. Images are used only to generate the description and are not stored by Microsoft.
When you choose to get page title descriptions by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the page title description and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing services as described in the Bing section above.
When you choose to get a list of popular links for a web page by pressing Narrator + double press of S, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the summary of popular links and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing.
You can disable these features at any time by going to
Narrator>Get image descriptions, page titles and popular links
in Settings in Windows.
You can also send feedback about Narrator to help Microsoft diagnose and resolve problems with Narrator and improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows. Verbal feedback can be submitted at any time in Narrator by using Narrator Key + Alt + F. When you use this command, the Feedback Hub app will launch, giving you the opportunity to submit verbal feedback. If you enable the setting “Help Make Narrator Better” in the Windows settings app and submit verbal feedback through Feedback Hub, recent device and usage data, including event trace log (ETL) data, will be submitted along with your verbal feedback to improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows.
Back to top
Phone Link - Link to Windows
The Phone Link feature lets you link your Android phone with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone via Bluetooth to connect to your Windows PC. Your Android device will link with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone will link via Bluetooth, enabling a variety of cross-device experiences across all your Windows devices where you are signed in or connected via Bluetooth. You can use Phone Link to see recent photos from your Android phone on your Windows device; make and receive live calls from your Android phone on your Windows device; view and send text messages from your Windows device; view, dismiss, or perform other actions to your Android phone notifications from your Windows device; share your phone screen on your Windows device through Phone Link’s mirroring function; and instantly access Android apps installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. You can use Phone Link to make and receive calls from your iPhone, view and send text messages, and view, dismiss, or perform other actions on your iPhone notification from your Windows device.
To use Phone Link, Link to Windows must be installed on your Android device. You may also optionally download Phone Link to your iPhone.
To use Phone Link, you must log into your Microsoft account on the Phone Link feature on your Windows device and on Link to Windows on your Android phone or Bluetooth enabled on your iPhone. Your Android phone and your Windows device must be connected to the internet. Some features will require you to enable Bluetooth and pair your phone with your PC. To use the Calls feature, your Android phone must also have Bluetooth enabled.
During setting up your Windows device, you can choose to link your phone with your Microsoft account. This is done by signing into Link to Windows on your Android phone, granting permissions and completing the onboarding experience. Once complete, Link to Windows will sync your data to all your Windows PCs where you have signed into your Microsoft account. See below for details on how your data is used.
As part of providing Phone Link’s features to you, Microsoft collects performance, usage, and device data that includes, for example, the hardware capabilities of your mobile phone and Windows device, the number and duration of your sessions on Phone Link, and the amount of time you spent during setup.
You can unlink your Android phone from your Windows device at any time by going into your Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your Android phone. You can do the same from the settings in Link to Windows on your Android phone. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
You can unlink your iPhone from your Windows device at any time by going into Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your iPhone. You can do the same from your iPhone by going into
Settings > Bluetooth > Selecting your PC name > click on the (i) icon >
and choosing
Forget This Device
. All users can remove the Bluetooth pairing by disabling the experiences.
Text Messages – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your Android phone on your Windows device and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within the last 30 days are visible on your Windows device. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your Android phone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) on Android devices, and messages sent via RCS (Rich Communication Services) on select Samsung devices on select mobile operator networks. To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Text Messages – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your iPhone on your Windows devices and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within your Bluetooth session or iMessage are visible on your Windows devices. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your iPhone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service). To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Calls – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your Android phone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable certain permissions on both your Windows device and Android phone, such as call logs access and permission to make phone calls from your PC. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone's settings. Only calls received and dialed within the last 30 days are visible under call logs on your Windows device. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your Android phone.
Calls – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your iPhone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable Sync Contacts feature under Bluetooth settings on your iPhone. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your iPhone.
Photos – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to copy, share, edit, save, or delete photos from your Android phone on your Windows device. Only a limited number of your most recent photos from the Camera Roll and Screenshots folders on your Android phone will be visible on your Windows device at any given time. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows device and as you take more photos on your Android phone, we remove the temporary copies of the older photos from your Windows device. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your Android phone.
Notifications – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your Android phone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions, such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and Android phone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone’s settings. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
Notifications – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view your iPhone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your iPhone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and iPhone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your iPhone’s Bluetooth settings.
Phone Screen Mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices
, Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s screen on your Windows device. Your Android phone screen will be visible on your Windows device as a pixel stream and any audio that you enable on your Android phone screen while it is linked to your Windows device through Phone Link will play through your Android phone.
Apps mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to use your Android apps that are installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. For example, you can launch a music app in your Windows session and listen to audio from that app on your PC speakers. Microsoft collects a list of your installed Android apps and recent activity to provide the service and show you your most recently used apps. Microsoft does not store what apps you have installed or any of the information displayed by the app in your experience with it.
Content transfer – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to copy and paste contents such as files, documents, photos, etc. between your Android phone and your Windows device. You can transfer content from your Android phone to your Windows device and from your Windows device to your Android phone by drag and drop contents between the devices.
Instant Hotspot – Android devices.
On supported devices, Link to Windows enables users to share mobile hotspot information with their paired PC over secure Bluetooth communication. Your PC can then be connected to the internet through the Windows network flyout. Please note mobile data charges may apply depending on the mobile data plan you have.
Contacts sync – Android devices.
Link to Windows allows you to sync your Android contacts into the Microsoft cloud to access them in other Microsoft products and services. You can enable this feature by going into Link to Windows settings and enabling “Contacts sync” feature. Your contacts information is stored online and associated with your Microsoft account. You may choose to disable sync and delete these contacts at any time.
Learn more
.
Contacts sync – iPhone.
Phone Link allows you to sync your contacts from your iPhone to access them for messaging and calling. You can enable this feature by going into Bluetooth settings on your iPhone and toggle on Sync Contacts under your PC name after connecting your iPhone to Phone Link. You may choose to disable syncing at any time by toggling off Sync Contacts.
Text-to-voice.
Phone Link features include accessibility functionality such as text-to-voice. You can activate a text-to-voice feature, which allows you to hear the contents of a text message or notification as audio. If you activate this feature, your text messages and notifications will be read out loud as they are received.
Office Enterprise – Android Devices.
Link to Windows allows you to insert photos into web and desktop versions of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word directly from your mobile phone. This requires your IT Administrator to have enabled Optional Connected Experiences for Microsoft Office applications and you will need to associate your mobile device with your work or school account and provide Photos permission to your account. After onboarding, your session will last 15 minutes to enable you to transfer your Photos from your mobile device. To use this feature again, you will need to scan your QR code. Link to Windows does not collect your work or school account information or information about your Enterprise. In order to provide this service, Microsoft uses a cloud service to relay your files for the purpose of inserting the photos into web and desktop version of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word files.
Back to top
Cross-device experiences
Cross-device experiences in Windows allow you to access your mobile device from your PC using your Microsoft Account. These can be managed under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in your Windows PC Settings. As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects performance usage and device data, including information about the hardware capabilities of your mobile and Windows devices. You can turn this feature on or off at any time in your Windows PC Settings.
Use your mobile device as a connected camera.
This feature allows you to use your mobile device’s camera in apps or products on Windows that support camera functionality. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft does not record or store your camera sessions or any of the information displayed by your camera in any of the applications or products.
Get new photo notifications from your mobile device.
This feature allows you to receive notifications from your linked mobile device on your Windows PC. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows PC while you are editing or opening those photos. You will need to initiate saving to your PC to store those photos until you decide to delete them. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your mobile device.
Show your mobile device in File Explorer
. This feature allows you to access your mobile device’s files in File Explorer. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft will not store your file contents in its services.
Back to top
Security and safety features
Device encryption
. Device encryption helps protect the data stored on your device by encrypting it using BitLocker Drive Encryption technology. When device encryption is on, Windows automatically encrypts the drive Windows is installed on and generates a recovery key. The BitLocker recovery key for your personal device is automatically backed up online in your personal Microsoft OneDrive account. Microsoft doesn't use your individual recovery keys for any purpose.
Malicious Software Removal Tool
. The Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT) runs on your device at least once per month as part of Windows Update. MSRT checks devices for infections by specific, prevalent malicious software ("malware") and helps remove any infections found. When the MSRT runs, it will remove the malware listed on the Microsoft Support website if the malware is on your device. During a malware check, a report will be sent to Microsoft with specific data about malware detected, errors, and other data about your device. If you do not want MSRT to send this data to Microsoft, you can disable MSRT's reporting component.
Microsoft Family
. Parents can use Microsoft Family Safety to understand and set boundaries on how their child is using their device. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group. If you live in a region that requires permission to create an account to access Microsoft services, you may be prompted to request or give parental consent. If a user is under the statutory age in your region, during the registration process they will be prompted to request consent from a parent or guardian by entering an adult’s email. When Family activity reporting is turned on for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their device and provide parents with reports of that child's activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and Smart App Control
. Microsoft strives to help protect your device and passwords from unsafe apps, files, and web content.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen helps protect you when using our services by identifying threats to you, your device, and your passwords. These threats might include potentially unsafe apps or web content that Microsoft Defender SmartScreen discovers while checking websites you visit, files you download, and apps you install and run. When Microsoft Defender SmartScreen checks web and app content, data about the content and your device is sent to Microsoft, including the full web address of the content. When additional analysis is needed to identify security threats, information about the suspicious website or app—such as content displayed, sounds played, and application memory—may be sent to Microsoft. This data will only be used for security purposes in detecting, protecting against, and responding to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, or other malicious, deceptive, or illegal activities. If Microsoft Defender SmartScreen detects that content is potentially unsafe, you will see a warning in place of the content. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Where supported, Smart App Control helps check software that is installed and runs on your device to determine if it is malicious, potentially unwanted, or poses other threats to you and your device. On a supported device, Smart App Control starts in evaluation mode and the data we collect for Microsoft Defender SmartScreen such as file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates, is used to help determine whether your device is a good candidate to use Smart App Control for additional security protection. Smart App Control is not enabled and will not block during evaluation mode. Some devices may not be good candidates if Smart App Control would otherwise get in the way and interfere with a user’s otherwise intended and legitimate tasks – for instance, developers who use a lot of unsigned files. If you are a good candidate for Smart App Control, then it will automatically be turned on, and will provide additional protection to your device beyond Microsoft Defender SmartScreen. Otherwise, Smart App Control will be unavailable and permanently turned off. If your device is unsupported or not a good candidate for Smart App Control, Microsoft Defender SmartScreen will continue to help protect your device. When Smart App Control is enabled and identifies an app as malicious, potentially unwanted, or unknown and unsigned, it will block and notify you prior to opening, running, or installing the app.
Learn more about Smart App Control
.
When either Microsoft Defender SmartScreen or Smart App Control checks a file, data about that file is sent to Microsoft, including the file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates.
Smart App Control can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus looks for malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content on your device. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically turned on to help protect your device if no other antimalware software is actively protecting your device. If Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, it will monitor the security status of your device. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, or is running because Limited Periodic Scanning is enabled, it will automatically send reports to Microsoft that contain data about suspected malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content, and it may also send files that could contain malicious content, such as malware or unknown files for further inspection. If a report is likely to contain personal data, the report is not sent automatically, and you'll be prompted before it is sent. You can configure Microsoft Defender Antivirus not to send reports and suspected malware to Microsoft.
Back to top
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Speech
. Microsoft provides both a device-based speech recognition feature and cloud-based (online) speech recognition technologies.
Turning on the Online speech recognition setting lets apps use Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition. Additionally, in Windows 10, the Online speech recognition setting enables your ability to use dictation within Windows.
Turning on speech while setting up a HoloLens device or installing Windows Mixed Reality allows you to use your voice for commands, dictation, and app interactions. Both device-based speech recognition and online speech recognition settings will be enabled. With both settings enabled, while your headset is turned on the device will always be listening to your voice input and will send your voice data to Microsoft’s cloud-based speech recognition technologies.
When you use cloud-based speech recognition technologies from Microsoft, whether enabled by the Online speech recognition setting or when you interact with HoloLens or voice typing, Microsoft collects and uses your voice recordings to provide the speech recognition service by creating a text transcription of the spoken words in the voice data. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
You can use device-based speech recognition without sending your voice data to Microsoft. However, Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition technologies provide more accurate recognition than the device-based speech recognition. When the online speech recognition setting is turned off, speech services that do not rely on the cloud and only use device-based recognition—like live captions, Narrator, or voice access—will still work and Microsoft won’t collect any voice data.
You can turn off online speech recognition at any time. This will stop any apps that rely on the Online speech recognition setting from sending your voice data to Microsoft. If you are using a HoloLens or Windows Mixed Reality headset, you can also turn off device-based speech recognition at any time. This will stop the device from listening for your voice input.
Learn more about speech recognition in Windows
.
Voice Activation
. Windows provides supported apps with the ability to respond and take action based on voice keywords that are specific to that app.
If you’ve given permission for an app to listen for voice keywords, Windows will be actively listening to the microphone for these keywords. Once a keyword is recognized, the app will have access to your voice recording, can process the recording, take action, and respond, such as with a spoken answer. The app may send the voice recording to its own services in the cloud to process the commands. Each app should ask you for permission before accessing voice recordings.
Additionally, voice activation can be enabled when the device is locked. If enabled, the relevant app will continue listening to the microphone for voice keywords when you have locked your device and can activate for anyone who speaks near the device. When the device is locked, the app will have access to the same set of capabilities and information as when the device is unlocked.
You can turn off voice activation at any time.
Learn more about voice activation in Windows
.
Even when you’ve turned off voice activation, some third-party desktop apps and services could still be listening to the microphone and collect your voice input.
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to access your microphone even with these settings turned off
.
Voice typing
. In Windows 11, dictation has been updated and renamed as voice typing. Voice typing may use both device-based and online speech recognition technologies to power its speech-to-text transcription service. You can also choose to contribute voice clips to help improve voice typing. If you choose not to contribute voice clips, you can still use voice typing. You can change your selection anytime in the voice typing settings. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Voice access
. Windows enables everyone, including people with mobility disabilities, to control their PC and author text using their voice. For example, voice access supports scenarios like opening and switching between apps, browsing the web, and reading and authoring mail. Voice access leverages modern, on-device speech recognition to accurately recognize speech and is supported without an internet connection. When a user invokes voice access it uses the device microphone.
Learn more about voice access
.
Inking & Typing Personalization
. Your typed and handwritten words are collected to provide you with a custom word list, better character recognition to help you type and write on your device, and text suggestions that appear as you type or write.
You can turn off inking & typing personalization at any time. This will delete your customer word list stored on your device. If you turn it back on, you’ll need to recreate your custom word list.
Learn more about inking & typing personalization in Windows
.
Back to top
Sync and backup settings
When you sign into Windows with your Microsoft account, Windows can store your settings, files, and device configuration data in Microsoft’s servers. Windows will only use the stored settings, files, and device configuration data to make it easier for you to migrate your experience on a different device.
You can turn off this feature and stop Windows from storing your settings, files, and configuration data from the Windows settings. You can delete the data that has been backed up previously to your Microsoft account, by visiting
your Microsoft Account Devices page
.
Learn more about Windows backup and sync settings
.
Back to top
Update Services
Update Services for Windows includes Windows Update and Microsoft Update. Windows Update is a service that provides you with software updates for Windows software and other supporting software, such as drivers and firmware supplied by device manufacturers. Microsoft Update is a service that provides you with software updates for other Microsoft software such as Microsoft 365.
Windows Update automatically downloads Windows software updates to your device. You can configure Windows Update to automatically install these updates as they become available (recommended) or have Windows notify you when a restart is required to finish installing updates. Apps available through the Microsoft Store are automatically updated through the Microsoft Store, as described in the
Microsoft Store
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
This section applies to legacy versions of Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below). See the
Microsoft Edge
section of the Privacy Statement for information about non-legacy versions of Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows. Internet Explorer, the legacy browser from Microsoft, is also available in Windows. Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Additionally, data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Delete Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Web note
. Allows you to create ink and text annotations on the webpages you visit, and clip, save, or share them.
Active reading
. Allows you to create and manage reading lists, including websites or documents.
Hub
. Allows you to easily manage your reading lists, favorites, downloads, and history all in one area.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Some Microsoft browser information saved on your device will be synced across other devices when you sign in with your Microsoft account so you can access your data on all your signed-in browsers across your devices. For instance, in Internet Explorer, this information includes your browsing history and favorites; and in Microsoft Edge, it includes your favorites, reading lists, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), and may include data for extensions that you have installed. As an example, if you sync your Microsoft Edge reading list across devices, copies of the content you choose to save to your reading list will be sent to each synced device for later viewing. You can disable syncing in Internet Explorer by going to
Start
>
Settings
>
Accounts
>
Sync your settings
. (For more information, see the
Sync settings
section of this privacy statement.) You can also disable syncing of Microsoft Edge browser information by turning off the sync option in Microsoft Edge Settings.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer use your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search results. These features include:
Search suggestions
in Internet Explorer automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to your default search provider (such as Bing) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
Search and site suggestions
in Microsoft Edge automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to Bing (even if you have selected another default search provider) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
You can turn off these features at any time. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer send your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider when the app is used. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Windows AI Features
Click to Do
Click to Do can run in partnership with Recall or as a stand-alone feature. Once started, you can use Click to Do to capture and analyze screenshots and identify the presence of text and images, then allowing you to take relevant actions for each. For instance, Click to Do can give you options to edit a screenshot image, or revise or rework text that it captures. Click to Do is unable to identify the content of the text or images identified within a screenshot, but you can use local AI and other tools to modify the content if you wish. Everything remains on your local device unless you make an explicit choice, like sending an image off to Bing for a search, asking Click to Do to provide a summary of text the user has selected (in which case it will be sent to Microsoft’s Azure AI cloud service), or using another local AI or other tool to modify a Click to Do screenshot.
Click to Do also allows you to use your microphone to search for text within a capture screenshot. When you click on the microphone button, Click to Do starts listening to what’s said, which is entered into the Search box, and will highlight all the matches from the search. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Windows Recall
Recall is a Windows feature only available in CoPilot+ PCs that allows users to find things they've seen on their device using the text and visual clues they remember. To use Recall, a user must opt-in to save snapshots on their Copilot+ PC, which are images of everything open and visible on the user’s screen and include associated metadata such as the app name and time-date stamp. All data is stored locally on the device and is protected with Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), which provides more secure biometric sign-ins and helps ensure only the customer can have access to their information. Every time a user launches Recall they will be asked to authenticate using Windows Hello biometric sign-in or PIN before the contents of the snapshot folder will decrypt. Click to Do runs on top of snapshots in Recall and helps the user get things done faster by allowing them to take actions with their content, either images or text, on the screen. The analysis of snapshots is always performed locally on the device and the actions available to take change based on what kind of content is detected.
Recall also allows you to use your Copilot+ PC device microphone as a way to search for text within captured snapshots. When you click on the microphone button located inside the Search input box within the Recall window, it starts listening to what’s said and enters it into the Search box. The microphone remains in use until you pause your speech, at which point it is turned off until you explicitly press the microphone button again. All the matches from the search will be highlighted in the results. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Data captured by Recall including personal data (e.g., snapshots, metadata, processing results, and user queries) remain local to the device within your signed-in account on the Copilot+ PC, and is not transmitted off the device unless you take certain action. For example, if you copy and paste a snapshot into another app, or choose to include a snapshot when submitting feedback through the Windows Feedback Hub. The only way Recall content can be shared with anyone is by explicit on-device action taken by the user.
You can control your content (such as Snapshots, metadata, search queries, and history) by pausing or deleting snapshots, filtering content, or using a supported browser in privacy mode. Learn more about your privacy and control over your Recall experience
here
.
In addition to the Recall search feature, Recall also has a timeline, in which your snapshots are organized chronologically and visualized in a horizontal scrollbar that you can use to find and leverage your past activities on your PC. In addition to the features available within the timeline, you can delete snapshots from this view, either individually or by all snapshots containing a website domain (e.g., all from www.bing.com) or those from a specific app.
Recall also has a Sensitive Content filter that is on by default to help prevent the retention of information that might be more delicate in nature (e.g., credit card numbers, state issued ID numbers, etc.). Users can turn this filter off if they wish in Windows Settings.
Back to top
Windows apps
A number of Microsoft apps are included with Windows and others are available in Microsoft Store. Some of those apps include:
Maps app
. The Maps app provides location-based services and uses Bing services to process your searches within the Maps app. When the Maps app has access to your location, and you have enabled location-based services in Windows, when you use the “@” key to initiate a search in supported text boxes in Windows apps, Bing services collects the text you type after the “@” key to provide location-based suggestions. To learn more about these Bing-powered experiences, see the
Bing
section of this privacy statement. When the Maps app has access to your location, even when the app is not in use, Microsoft may collect de-identified location data from your device to improve Microsoft services. You can disable the Maps app's access to your location by turning off the location service or turning off the Maps app's access to the location service.
You can keep track of your favorite places and recent map searches in the Maps app. Your favorite places and search history will be included as search suggestions. If you grant the Maps app access to your camera, you’ll be able to capture the location of where your photos took place – for instance, a photo of your car will also tell you where your car is parked. You can also share your location with other people in your contacts. If you're signed in with your Microsoft account, your favorite places, search history, and certain app settings will be synced across other devices and services. For more information, see the
Sync and backup settings
section of this privacy statement.
Camera app
. If you allow the Camera app to use your location, location data is embedded in the photos and videos you take with your device. Other descriptive data, such as camera model and the date that the picture or video was taken, is also embedded in photos and videos. If you choose to share a photo or video, any embedded data will be accessible to the people and services you share with. Once enabled, you can always disable the Camera app's access to your location by turning off all access to the location service in your device's Settings menu or turning off the Camera app's access to the location service.
When the Camera app is open, it shows rectangles detected by the selected camera for areas in the image that are potentially used for image enhancement. The Camera app does not retain any image enhancing data. You can always change your camera access settings in the Windows Settings menu. The Camera app uses various device capabilities such as location, camera, microphone, video, and picture library. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Photos app
. There are two versions of the Photos app available. The updated Photos app includes features like iCloud integration and local and cloud folder views. The previous legacy version of the Photos app includes features like Video Editor, the People tab, and Albums. You are using the updated Photos app if the “About” section in the Photos app settings indicates the app is the “Updated” Photos app. In some cases, a user may have both the updated Photos app and the Photos legacy version downloaded on their device.
The updated Photos app helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. For example, the Photos app presents different ways to group photos and videos by name, date taken, or date modified, and also in folders where those files are stored, such as stored locally on your device or synced to your device from OneDrive, iCloud, and other cloud services. The app also allows you to move, copy or upload files to different locations on your computer or to OneDrive. The All Photos tab displays your locally stored or synced photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Favorites tab lets you view photos and videos you previously liked or favorited. The Folders tab allows you to view photos or videos by their storage location. There are also tabs where you can see your photos and videos from available cloud services (such as OneDrive and other third-party services) that you have synced to your device.
The Photos legacy app also helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. However, if you are using the Photos legacy app, you may see other features that are not available in the newer version of the Photos app, including Collections, Albums, Video Editor and the People setting. The Collection tab displays photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Albums tab helps you organize your photos and videos by location and common tags. The Video Editor allows you to edit, create, and share videos.
The People setting can be enabled on the Photos legacy app's Settings page and in the People tab of the app. When enabled, the Photos legacy app will use face grouping technology to organize your photos and videos into groups. The grouping feature can detect faces in a photo or video and determine whether they are visually similar to faces in other photos and videos in your local photo collection. You can choose to associate a facial grouping with a contact from your People app.
When enabled in the Photos legacy app, your groupings will be stored on your device for as long as you choose to keep the groupings or the photos or videos. If the People setting is turned on, there will be a prompt to allow the Photos legacy app to continue to permit facial groupings after three years of non-interaction with the Photos legacy app. At any time, you can go to the Settings page in the Photos legacy app to turn the People setting on or off. Turning the feature off will remove facial grouping data from the Photos legacy app but will not remove your photos or videos.
Learn more about the Photos legacy app and facial grouping
.
If you choose to share a photo or video using the Photos app or the Photos legacy app, any embedded data (such as location, camera model, and date) will be accessible to the people and services you share the photo or video with.
People app
. The People app lets you see and interact with all your contacts in one place. When you add an account to the People app, your contacts from your account will be automatically added to the People app. You can add other accounts to the People app, including your social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter) and email accounts. When you add an account, we tell you what data the People app can import or sync with the particular service and let you choose what you want to add. Other apps you install may also sync data to the People app, including providing additional details to existing contacts. When you view a contact in the People app, information about your recent interactions with the contact (such as emails and calendar events, including from apps that the People app syncs data from) will be retrieved and displayed to you. You can remove an account from the People app at any time.
Mail and Calendar app
. The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars, and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers. The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app’s use of your location. When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app, your email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that’s synced from your account. To configure an account, you must provide the app with the account credentials (such as user name and password), which will be sent over the internet to the third-party provider’s server. The app will first attempt to use a secure (SSL) connection to configure your account but will send this information unencrypted if your email provider does not support SSL. If you add an account provided by an organization (such as a company email address), the owner of the organizational domain can implement certain policies and controls (for example, multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that may affect your use of the app. This app uses your device capabilities such as location, camera. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Windows Operator Messages (previously Microsoft Messaging) app
. The Windows Operator Messages app receives and shows account-related SMS texts from your mobile operator about your data plan (such as your billing and data limits) on your PC or device. These messages are stored locally on your device. From your device, you can also access, view, and delete these messages. This app uses your device capabilities such as Contacts. Please visit Microsoft Store on Windows to learn more.
The Clock app
is your hub for time management and focus on Windows. When users sign in with their Microsoft account they can enable Microsoft To Do which is a cloud connected experience. When the user turns on Focus Session, session data is stored locally and user can clear it by going to the clock settings page. Additionally, Focus Sessions supports connecting to Spotify accounts to listen to ambient audio to help users focus. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Journal
is a Windows application specifically designed for touch-focused, pen-capable devices such as tablets and 2-in-1 devices. It provides users with freeform personal note-taking experience. The app leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to better recognize your handwriting that processes data locally on your device. When connected to Microsoft 365 (subscription required), users can seamlessly access their M365 calendar and contacts within the app. All user created content is automatically saved at the default save location in the document library for future reference. Journal lets you access photos library and the device camera and microphone so that you can add them to a workbook. Learn about Journal app
here
or visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Mobile plans
app helps you get online easily and in more places on your Windows 10 PC and 11 LTE devices. Upon signing up for a data plan on your device, it establishes a connection with the mobile operator, enabling you to complete purchases through the mobile operator’s online portal. You will need a supported SIM card in order to use this app. The Mobile Plan App will use your IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID, and Country (coarse location determined by Cellular Network ID or Wi-Fi Reverse IP) to determine which mobile operators are available in your area. The mobile operator may send notifications to users through the Mobile Plans App. This app uses your device’s capabilities such as its camera and microphone. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft PC Manager
is available in select regions and is a desktop tool aimed at boosting your PC’s performance. Based on your request, PC Manager will scan your device, and allows you to delete unneeded or temporary documents, optimize cache, stop or recover from unauthorized changes, or use other features such as health check, one-click boost, storage clean-up, file and pop-up management, and protection of your default settings.
PC Manager will block pop-ups based on ad-block rules and the pop-up windows selected by you through custom block. If you agree to join the “Microsoft PC Manager Pop-up Plan,” when you block pop-up windows through custom block, you can help us optimize the pop-up management feature of Microsoft PC Manager by taking screenshots of the pop-up and sending them to Microsoft. Microsoft does not collect information other than screenshots, Windows title, and the class of Windows. Screenshots sent are only retained for a short period of time and regularly deleted. You can manage your Pop-Up Plan preferences through the PC Manager settings at anytime. The feedback feature in PC Manager may also process personal data if you include it in the feedback you provide to Microsoft. The feedback from users is regularly deleted after processing. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Snipping Tool
is a handy utility in Windows that uses your microphone and pictures library to capture and store screenshots and screen recordings. The Snipping Tool includes a Text Action feature, which uses built-in optical character recognition (OCR) support. You can select and copy text directly from images using OCR. Additionally, you can use the Text Action feature to redact sensitive information from captured text. With clipboard integration items copied from the Snipping Tool are also copied to your clipboard. If you enable clipboard history across devices, the copied content can be used seamlessly across different devices. Users can manage their clipboard and snipping preferences through the Windows settings. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Sound Recorder app
is a versatile tool designed for capturing audio via your microphone in various scenarios. While recording, you can mark key moments to easily locate important sections later. You can also trim, adjust volume levels, or apply other modifications as needed, and playback your recordings. Your recordings are autosaved and stored in your Documents folder for easy access, and you can share your recorded audio with friends and family. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Clipchamp
is a video editor designed to make video creation easy. It allows users to combine videos, images, and audio files, as well as add text and effects, and then save the finished video to their device, or store their videos in their personal OneDrive via their Microsoft account. Users can also add stock videos and stock music or sound effects, stickers, graphical elements, backgrounds, and more. Users can choose to allow Clipchamp to access their camera and microphone to record videos directly from their device. To provide a better experience, such as which language to display to you, Clipchamp will collect your imprecise location. Users can access Clipchamp with a personal or family Microsoft account via the Clipchamp app for Windows 10 or Windows 11 and in the Edge or Chrome browser at
https://app.clipchamp.com
.
Media Player
is the default built-in player of multimedia (audio and video) files. When you choose to open a multimedia file, Media Player will read the contents of that file. When you open Media Player, it will read the contents of your Music library and Video library folders to populate its own Music library and Video library pages inside the Media Player to help you organize, view, and play multimedia content.
To enrich your experience when playing music, Media Player will automatically attempt to display artist art and album art for the content you play and the content in your music library. To provide this information, Media Player sends an information request to Microsoft containing standard device data, such as your device IP address, device software version, your regional and language settings, and an identifier for the content. If desired, this feature can be disabled on the app’s Settings page.
Movies and TV.
Microsoft Movies & TV allows you to rent or buy movies and TV episodes, and play them on your device.
To help you discover content that may interest you, Movies & TV will collect data about what movies and TV shows you watch, including the length of play and any ratings you give.
Movies & TV can also display and play local video files stored on your PC. To do this, it needs access to the video library on your device.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
When you use Windows Media Player Legacy, it can read media content such as video, audio, and picture files which allows you to play CDs and other digital content (such as video and audio files), rip CDs, and manage your media library. To enrich your experience when you play content in your library, Windows Media Player Legacy displays related media information, such as album title, song titles, album art, artist, and composer. To augment your media information, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a request to Microsoft which contains standard computer information, an identifier for the media content, and the media information already contained in your Windows Media Player Legacy library (including information you may have edited or entered yourself) so that Microsoft can recognize the track and then return additional information that is available.
Windows Media Player Legacy also allows you to play back content that is streamed to you over a network. To provide this service, it is necessary for Windows Media Player Legacy to communicate with a streaming media server. These servers are typically operated by non-Microsoft content providers. During playback of streaming media, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a log to the streaming media server or other web server(s) if the streaming media server requests it. The log includes such details as: connection time, IP address, operating system version, Windows Media Player Legacy version, Player identification number (Player ID), date, and protocol. To protect your privacy, Windows Media Player Legacy defaults to sending a Player ID that is different for each session.
Back to top
Windows Hello
Windows Hello provides instant access to your devices through biometric authentication. If you turn it on, Windows Hello uses your face, fingerprint, or iris to identify you based on a set of unique points or features that are extracted from the image and stored on your device as a template—but it does not store the actual image of your face, fingerprint, or iris. Biometric verification data that's used when you sign in doesn't leave your device. Your biometric verification data will remain on your device until you remove it. However, after a significant period of Windows Hello inactivity, you will be prompted to confirm that you want to continue to store your biometric verification data. You can delete your biometric verification data from within Settings. Learn more about
Windows Hello
.
Back to top
Windows Search
Windows Search lets you search your stuff and the web from one place. If you choose to use Windows Search to search "your stuff," it will provide results for items on your personal OneDrive, your OneDrive for Business if so enabled, other cloud storage providers to the extent supported by those third-party providers, and on your device. If you choose to use Windows Search to search the web, or get search suggestions with Windows Search, your search results will be powered by Bing and we will use your search query as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Learn more about search in Windows
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Entertainment and related services
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Xbox
The Xbox network is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that consists of software and enables online experiences across different platforms. This service lets you find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When you sign up for an Xbox profile, we assign you a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you sign in on Xbox devices, apps, and services, the data we collect about your use is stored using these unique identifier(s).
Xbox consoles are devices you can use to find and play games, movies, music, and other digital entertainment. When you sign in to Xbox experiences—in apps or on a console—we also assign a unique identifier to your device. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, for instance, and you sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system you’re using.
Data we collect
about your use of Xbox services, games, apps, and consoles includes:
When you sign in and sign out of Xbox, any purchases you make, and content you obtain.
Which games you play and apps you use, your game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and your network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content you add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video you capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections you make (friends you add and people who follow you) on the Xbox network.
If you sign in to use Xbox on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in to Xbox, even if you’ve been playing offline.
Data we collect enables us to provide you with our services and with curated experiences. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations. To change your settings for these recommendations, visit
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
page.
Camera and Microphone
. While using Xbox, players can use the device’s capabilities such as the microphone, camera and screen recording to improve their gaming experience. When an Xbox game is played in the Windows Game Bar, the camera and microphone may be used, including to read photos and videos and to capture and record screenshots.
Xbox diagnostic data
. Diagnostic data has two categories: required and optional.
Required
. Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. The minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Optional data is additional data that you choose to share with Microsoft. Optional data may include additional details about the operation, usage, and performance of your Xbox products and services, as well as enhanced error reporting.
Learn more at
Manage settings for optional data sharing
.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, all voice communication in the party is captioned for the player. Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it, as well as the other purposes described in this statement.
Xbox data viewable by others
. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you are currently signed in to Xbox), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox can be seen by:
Other players signed in to Xbox.
Customers of third-party services you’ve linked your profile to, or
Other services associated with Xbox (including those of partner companies).
For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and cannot be hidden. For other data, you can adjust your privacy settings on consoles and at
Xbox.com
to limit or block what is shared with the public or with friends.
Learn more at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Xbox data shared with third parties including game and apps publishers
. When you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about your usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on the Xbox network, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs you belong to, official club memberships, and any content you create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from game or app detail pages in the Microsoft Store.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where you have installed them. Some publisher access to your data may be revoked at
https://microsoft.com/consent
.
Children and family
. If you have kids who want to use the Xbox network, you can set up child and teen profiles for them once they have Microsoft accounts. Adult organizers in your Microsoft family group can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on
Xbox.com
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles, at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
For more information about Microsoft’s collection of data from children, including Xbox, please see the
Collection of data from children
section of this privacy statement.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips you upload, conversations you have, and things you post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how you use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data to keep your console functioning as expected while using a console connected to the Xbox network.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
Back to top
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Store is an online service, accessible via PC, the Xbox Console and the Xbox App, that allows you to browse, download, purchase, rate, and review applications and other digital content. It includes:
Apps and content for Windows devices such as phones, PCs, and tablets.
Games, subscriptions and other apps for Xbox consoles and other devices.
Products and apps for Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (2013 versions or later).
We collect data about how you access and use Microsoft Store; the products you've viewed, purchased, or installed; the preferences you set for viewing apps in Microsoft Store; and any ratings, reviews, or problem reports you submit. Your Microsoft account is associated with your ratings and reviews; and if you write a review, the name and picture from your Microsoft account will be published with your review. Microsoft Store uses the region configured on your device to show relevant and eligible content and merchandising. Microsoft Store uses your device identifier to manage product rights tied to a specific device.
Permission for Microsoft Store apps
. Many apps you install from the Microsoft Store are designed to take advantage of specific hardware and software features of your device. An app's use of certain hardware and software features may give the app or its related service access to your data. For example, a photo editing app might access your device's camera to let you take a new photo or access photos or videos stored on your device for editing, and a restaurant guide might use your location to provide nearby recommendations. Information about the features that an app uses is provided on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store. Many of the features that Microsoft Store apps use can be turned on or off through your device’s privacy settings. In Windows, in many cases, you can choose which apps can use a particular feature. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
, select the feature (for example, Calendar), and then select which app permissions are on or off. The lists of apps in Windows privacy settings that can use hardware and software features will not include "Classic Windows" applications, and these applications are not affected by these settings.
App updates
. Unless you have turned off automatic app updates in the relevant Microsoft Store settings or have acquired an app provided and updated by the app developer, Microsoft Store will automatically check for, download, and install app updates to verify that you have the latest versions. Updated apps might use different Windows hardware and software features from the previous versions, which could give them access to different data on your device. You will be prompted for consent if an updated app accesses certain features, such as location. You can also review the hardware and software features an app uses by viewing its product description page in Microsoft Store.
Each app's use of your data collected through any of these features is subject to the app developer's privacy policies. If an app available through Microsoft Store collects and uses any of your personal data, the app developer is required to provide a privacy policy, and a link to the privacy policy is available on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store.
Sideloaded apps and developer mode
. Developer features such as the "developer mode" setting are intended for development use only. If you enable developer features, your device may become unreliable or unusable, and expose you to security risks. Downloading or otherwise acquiring apps from sources other than Microsoft Store, also known as "sideloading" apps, may make your device and personal data more vulnerable to attack or unexpected use by apps. Windows policies, notifications, permissions, and other features intended to help protect your privacy when apps access your data may not function as described in this statement for sideloaded apps or when developer features are enabled.
Back to top
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (formerly known as MSN or Microsoft News) is a content service that includes news, weather, sports, and finance. The Microsoft Start app is available on various platforms, including iOS and Android. The Microsoft Start service is also included within other Microsoft services, including the Microsoft Edge browser and widgets on Windows.
When you install the Microsoft Start, MSN Weather, or Microsoft News apps, we collect data that tells us if the app was installed properly, the installation date, the app version, and other data about your device such as the operating system and browser. This data is collected on a regular basis to help us determine the number of app users and identify performance issues associated with different app versions, operating systems, and browsers. When you use the weather app, we use your location to provide you with relevant weather content.
We also collect data about how you interact with Microsoft Start content, such as usage frequency and articles viewed, to provide you with relevant content. Microsoft Start provides an enhanced experience when you sign in with your Microsoft account, including allowing you to customize your interests and favorites. We use your location to provide you with relevant content such as local weather and news. You can manage personalization through Microsoft Start and Bing settings, as well as through settings in other Microsoft services that include Microsoft Start services. We also use the data we collect to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of interest-based advertising through the advertising links within Microsoft Start services, or by visiting the Microsoft
opt-out page
.
Previous versions of MSN Money allow you to access personal finance information from third-party financial institutions. MSN Money only displays this information and does not store it on our servers. Your sign-in credentials used to access your financial information from third parties are encrypted on your device and are not sent to Microsoft. These financial institutions, as well as any other third-party services you access through MSN services, are subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
Back to top
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on the Web. Silverlight enables websites and services to store data on your device. Other Silverlight features involve connecting to Microsoft to obtain updates, or to Microsoft or third-party servers to play protected digital content.
Silverlight Configuration tool
. You can make choices about these features in the Silverlight Configuration tool. To access the Silverlight Configuration tool, right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and select
Silverlight
. You can also run the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. In Windows, for example, you can access the tool by searching for "Microsoft Silverlight."
Silverlight application storage
. Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer for a variety of purposes, including saving your custom settings, storing large files for graphically intensive features (such as games, maps, and images), and storing content that you create within certain applications. You can turn off or configure application storage in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Silverlight updates
. Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft server for updates to provide you with the latest features and improvements. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed on your computer. You can turn off or configure updates in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to help protect the rights of content owners. If you access DRM-protected content (such as music or video) with Silverlight, it will request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet. In order to provide a seamless playback experience, you will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights server. When requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with an ID for the DRM-protected content file and basic data about your device, including data about the DRM components on your device such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier for your device.
DRM updates
. In some cases, accessing DRM-protected content will require an update to Silverlight or to the DRM components on your device. When you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a request to a Microsoft server containing basic data about your device, including information about the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels, troubleshooting data, and a unique identifier for your device. The Microsoft server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your device, which will then be installed by Silverlight. You can turn off or configure DRM component updates on the
Playback
tab in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Back to top
Windows Mixed Reality
Windows Mixed Reality allows you to enable a virtual reality experience that immerses you in apps and games. Mixed Reality uses a compatible headset’s camera, microphone, and infrared sensors to enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate apps and games.
Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Mixed Reality running on Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve Mixed Reality and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
Mixed Reality also processes and collects data specifically related to the Mixed Reality experiences, such as:
Mixed Reality maps distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you. If you are connected to the Internet, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve your experience.
Mixed Reality detects specific hand gestures intended to perform simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your PC and is not stored.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands to control games, apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
Windows Mixed Reality can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Back To Top
Sub-policy 12
http://legal.trustpilot.com/end-user-privacy-terms:
Looks like you’re in Ireland.
Go to the Irish Trustpilot site
For Reviewers
Guidelines for Reviewers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use for Consumers
Guidelines for Business
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
Data Processing Agreement
Subprocessors
U.S. Privacy Laws Supplement
HIPAA Business Associate Addendum
Privacy Policy
Content Refresh Guidelines
Legal Brand Guidelines
SEO requirements for partners
Code of Ethics
Action We Take
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy
Modern Slavery Code of Conduct
Copyright Dispute Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
March 2025
March 2025
December 2024
November 2024
January 2023
April 2022
December 2021
September 2020
July 2020
March 2020
Version 14.0, effective 11 March 2025
We value your privacy. With this policy, we set out your privacy rights and how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your personal data.
Terms we use in this policy
When we say “Trustpilot”, “we”, “our”, or “us”, we mean Trustpilot A/S, Pilestraede 58, 5th floor, DK-1112 Copenhagen K, which is the entity responsible for processing your personal data.
When we say “website”, “platform” or “service”, we mean all of Trustpilot’s websites, applications and other services.
When we say “public personal data”, we mean personal data published on our website which anyone on the internet and allowed on our site can access, and when we say “private personal data” we mean personal data we don’t publish on our website.
Third-party websites
Our platform contains links to other websites, but that doesn’t mean we endorse those websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies for these third-party websites because their procedures for collecting, handling and processing personal data might be different to ours.
When you write a review, the review and your Trustpilot profile will be visible to anyone who visits our platform. When someone clicks on your profile, they can see your country location and all the reviews you’ve written, including the locations and products you’ve reviewed, and any photos or videos submitted with your reviews. Similarly, if you’re a business user and reply to a review about your company, this will also be visible on our platform. We consider all of this information to be public personal data. You can share as much or as little personal information as you want when creating your Trustpilot profile and username.
Personal data is any information that relates to an identifiable individual. When you create a Trustpilot user account, write a review, create a business account on behalf of your company, or otherwise use our platform or services, we may collect and process personal data about you. Please see the “Who may access your personal data?” section for more information about who can access it.
We ask you not to share any sensitive personal documents or personal data with us, such as information revealing ethnic origin, religious beliefs, or health information, of yourself or others.
We may collect the following public and private personal data:
User account information
: Your username, photo, country location.
Information about reviews and ratings,
including
:
Which business you reviewed.
Which product you reviewed.
The date you wrote your review.
Whether you wrote a service review, a location review, or a product review.
Your review content and star rating.
Your product photos or videos (if you provide them together with your product review).
The location of the business you reviewed.
The date of your experience with the business you wrote the review about.
Information about finding reviews “useful”
: how many people find your review “useful”, and if you click “useful” on someone else’s review.
Social networks:
You can connect your Trustpilot profile with your social media profiles, for example, Facebook (“social network”). When you do this, we automatically collect selected information about you from your social network, depending on what information you have made available on that social network and your privacy settings for sharing such information on that social network. We may collect the following information:
Name and/or username.
Profile photo.
Before your request to connect your Trustpilot profile with a social network profile is carried out, you’ll be told which information we will collect from that social network. You can disconnect your social network profile from your Trustpilot profile via your Trustpilot account at any time. Trustpilot will then remove your social network unique ID, and disconnect/revoke Trustpilot from your social network. However, your social network profile picture will remain on your Trustpilot profile unless you change it and we will retain your name and email address.
If you are a Trustpilot business account holder, we may also collect the following public personal data:
Business account information:
Your company name and domain, and certain other information you choose to add to your business profile, such as details about the type of services your company offers, your company address, and country.
Replies to reviews from your business account:
Your name, company details, the information you state in the reply to a review, the date you wrote your reply.
User account information
: Your password and your preferred language.
Contact information:
Your name and email address or any other contact details you may provide to us from time to time, whether provided directly to Trustpilot or from social networks.
Information about reviews and ratings, including:
The dates you wrote your review, made any edits, or deleted the review.
Your reference number, order ID or similar (if you or the business provided one). If we ask you to provide information or documentation to verify your experience, and you send us such documentation, we will collect and process the documentation for the purpose(s) stated in the request.
Device and location information:
Your IP address, browser settings (the type of browser you use, browser language, time zone), and location.
Usage and profiling information:
Your Trustpilot search history, how you've interacted with our platform, or emails we send to you, including time you spend on our site, features or functions you’ve accessed, metadata and event data, marketing emails you’ve opened and links you’ve clicked.
Information about views:
How many people read your review.
Your verification data:
Data provided during the
verification process for consumers
:
Your first and last name.
Images of the documents you submitted.
Number and date of expiry of the documents you submitted.
Information about questions you asked on a business’s website:
Which business you asked a question.
The product you asked the question about.
The content of the question.
The date you asked the question.
The business’s response to the question.
Data provided in response to a request for information by a business:
Businesses can ask reviewers about them and their experiences, including via our “Request Information” tool. If you choose to respond, we will share any information you provide with the business, including but not limited to your full name, phone number, email address, and reference ID.
Preferences information:
Selected preferences associated with your account, including specific consents you have given or declined, newsletters or similar email preferences and cookies containing your preferences.
Communication information:
Includes communications we receive from you such as review notifications, feedback, help requests and queries via email, and other electronic communication methods, as well as metadata associated with those communications, such as time and date.
Call recordings
: All inbound and outbound telephone or video calls made to or by Trustpilot may be recorded for training, quality control and compliance purposes. Personal data (for example, name and contact details) revealed during a telephone call will be digitally recorded to deliver appropriate services.
Chrome extension
: If you download our Chrome extension, we may collect the following information:
A session ID allocated to you, which we may be able to link to your Trustpilot account if you have one.
Data relating to your use of the Chrome extension, such as page URLs where you have interacted with the Chrome extension, and your Chrome extension preferences and settings, such as how you choose to display the Chrome extension on your browser.
Browser and device information, such as details about your language settings, browser version, timezone, and screen resolution.
If the session ID links to your account, we may associate data relating to your use of the Chrome extension and browser and device information to you.
If you are a Trustpilot business account holder, we may also collect the following private personal data:
Business account information
: Your password.
Information about reports and replies to reviews from your business account:
Your name, company details, which review you reported, the reason for the report, the date of the report. Some of this information may be aggregated and displayed on your business’ Trustpilot page.
Your verification data:
Data provided when
confirming details about your business
, such as:
Your name.
Your email address.
Images of the documents you submitted.
Number and date of expiry of the documents you submitted.
The personal data that we process is primarily collected directly from you when you provide your details to create an account with us, or your usage and profiling information, meaning your interaction with our platform, services or marketing emails, such as by leaving reviews or posting replies to reviews.
Sometimes we're given information about you from third parties. For example, when you sign up for a Trustpilot account via Facebook, your account is automatically pre-filled with the information we receive from them. Similarly, when a business asks us to send a review invitation to you on their behalf, they give us your name, email address and a reference number, such as an order ID or similar. And we may receive information from third parties for the purposes of fraud and investigation.
We also generate or collect information from your computer or device automatically as you use our services — like your IP address, your location, information about the device and browser you're using to access Trustpilot, or your usage and profiling information, such as your interaction with our platform or marketing emails, or use of our other services.
A data controller decides how and why your personal data is used and is responsible for ensuring it is handled properly. A data processor acts on a data controller’s instructions to process your data. These definitions come from the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).
If you've been sent an invitation to write a review about a business that uses our services (either by us or them directly), or have provided information to a business via the “Request Information” tool, the business will be the data controller in respect of that data and Trustpilot will be the data processor. If you have any questions, or wish to exercise your rights with respect to personal data used to send review invitations to you, you should contact the relevant business or businesses directly, as they are responsible as data controllers.
In respect of all other personal data associated with our platform, such as information you provide when you create an account, leave a review, or submit a reply, Trustpilot A/S, is the data controller. Depending on which of our services our business customers use, they may also be data controllers of your data, such as the reviews you write, your username, and your date of experience.
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
Provide our services to you, including displaying your reviews and giving you access to your user account and our platform, or providing you with access to your company’s business account and our website.
Identify you as a registered user when you log into our platform and revisit our platform.
Improve our platform and services and develop product features.
Respond to your questions and provide customer service.
Send you our newsletters.
Personalise your experience on our platform, for example, to tailor content and recommendations based on your interactions with our services.
Engage in various internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud detection and content moderation, developing new products and services, improving or modifying our platform and our services, including our TrustBoxes, identifying usage trends and insights, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
Train our staff and for quality control purposes, helping us improve the quality of our services.
Exercise or comply with our own legal rights or obligations in connection with legal claims, or for compliance, regulatory and auditing purposes, where necessary. For example, we may retain information where we are required by law, or if we are compelled to do so by a court order or regulatory body.
If you have a Trustpilot user account, we may also use your personal data to:
Invite you to leave a review of Trustpilot.
Pass on a message from the business you reviewed or the business that invited you to review a service experience or a product via our platform.
Contact you if we’ve identified that your review might breach our
Guidelines
and, if necessary, ask you to provide documentation to verify your review or experience.
Contact you to tell you how many times your review was read and whether other users find your review useful, or otherwise provide feedback concerning your user account or your review.
Enforce our
Terms of Use for Consumers
.
If you have a business account on behalf of your company on Trustpilot, we’ll also use your personal data to:
Notify you about a review of your company or products you offer.
Verify the legitimacy of your replies to reviews.
Inform you if your reply to a review is reported for containing content which is against our guidelines or is otherwise inappropriate.
Enforce our
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
.
We may also use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
We may use automated means, including machine learning and artificial intelligence to conduct the above purposes.
We need to process your personal data to:
Perform our contract with you or your company.
Exercise and comply with our own legal rights and obligations and operate an online review platform in compliance with applicable legal acts.
Pursue our legitimate business interests, including but not limited to operating our website and business and providing our services to you. Where we process your personal data based on a legitimate interest we will only do so where the processing is relevant, adequate and limited to what is necessary for the purpose it was collected for. And of course, we'll always ensure our legitimate interests don't unfairly impact on your own rights and freedoms.
Perform a task carried out in the public interest.
Establish, exercise or defend legal claims, where necessary.
In circumstances where you have expressly given your consent for us to process your personal data, for example, when subscribing to our newsletters or accepting certain cookies on your device, you are free to revoke your consent at any time, either by using the functionality provided within the appropriate product feature or by contacting us (see ‘Contact us’ below). However, please be aware that we may have the right to continue to process your information if it can be justified on one of the other legal bases mentioned above.
You have the right to object to how we process your personal data, or ask us to restrict the processing. Please see ‘Your rights’ below, for more details.
Your public personal data on Trustpilot (for both reviewers and business users)
We share your public personal data on our platform so that others can read about your experience with a specific business. Remember that if you’ve selected to use your real name as your username, this could reveal your identity on our public website. Please see this Help Center article for more guidance regarding your public personal data.
Similarly if you’re a business user, depending on the information you decide to include on your public Trustpilot profile, this will be considered public personal data and will be accessible to anyone visiting the Trustpilot website.
Your private personal data on Trustpilot (for both reviewers and business users)
Some Trustpilot employees will have access to your data to help facilitate everything within the ‘Why and how we use your personal data’ section of this privacy policy. However, Trustpilot operates on principles in which access is limited to those who have a genuine work-related need.
If you are a consumer and you have been sent a review invitation via our platform by one of our business customers, they will have access to your data within their Trustpilot Business account. If you write a review on Trustpilot in response to an invitation sent by a business via our review invitation services, that business will be able to match your review with their invitation. As a reminder, our business customers are data controllers of this data and you should reach out to them if you have any questions.
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
One of Trustpilot's main goals is to maximise the visibility, availability, and utility of reviews and related content to the world. We therefore permit various independent third parties to access public personal data including, without limitation, usernames, user profile information, review content, and replies to reviews by businesses (as further outlined in the ‘Personal data we collect’ section of this privacy policy) via Application Programming Interfaces and other programmatic data transfer methodologies available through our platform, and to use and incorporate such public personal data into their own products and services. This increases the potential audience, and consumers’ and businesses’ knowledge of, Trustpilot and of consumer reviews and the valuable insights they provide. We make public personal data available to such third parties in this way only where they agree to data licence terms which implement protections appropriate for the data and the rights of the relevant data subjects. Please see the ‘Your rights’ section below for information about opting out of certain parts of this data sharing.
The types of third-parties that may access, use and incorporate such public personal data includes:
Search engines, and other interfaces that return information in response to user queries (including AI powered systems);
Businesses you wrote a product or service Trustpilot review for, either by invitation or not;
Online platforms where, in Trustpilot’s assessment, it would be helpful or relevant for users to search for and access reviews and related content including, without  limitation, consumer portals and business portals such as price comparison websites and shopping guides;
Application partners and platforms, such as Prestashop, Magento, Shopify, WooCommerce;
Social networks; and
Any other third party who enters into a licensing agreement with Trustpilot to access public personal data.
If you choose to respond to a reviewed business’s request for information (for example, via our
“Request Information” tool
), this information is sent directly to the business requesting the information. Sometimes we'll need to
ask for documentation
in order to verify your experience. For example, when our dedicated software flags your review and removes it from Trustpilot. We will never share your documentation with the reviewed business, however in certain circumstances if you have a reference number, order ID or similar, we may pass that on to the business, unless you ask us not to.
Your personal data shared with data processors
We share your personal data with selected third parties (including Trustpilot subsidiaries and other companies within the Trustpilot group, and companies we work with to provide our services) that provide us with a variety of different services that support the technical operation of our platform and the delivery of our services ("data processors"). These third parties are data processors for the personal data for which we are the data controller. We have data processing agreements in place with the data processors, and it follows from these agreements that they must act solely in accordance with our instructions. We may instruct the data processors to process data in accordance with this policy and for the purposes of using the platform.
We carry out checks to ensure that data processors have taken reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect against the information being accidentally or illegally destroyed, becoming lost or deteriorating, and to protect against the information being disclosed to unauthorised persons, being misused, or in other ways being processed in violation of data protection laws.
Some of these data processors and third-party services will be located in countries outside of the one in which you are based and may have different, or less stringent, data protection standards. However, subject to the local laws in these countries, we will ensure that necessary safeguards are in place to protect your data, regardless of location. We do this through a combination of appropriate technical, organisational and administrative security measures, and by putting in place the necessary legal contracts to back up these requirements. For example, we will only transfer European users’ personal data outside the European Economic Area where a European Commission-approved method of validating the transfer has been put in place.
Other disclosures
In addition to the above, we share your personal data with the following parties and in the following circumstances:
To comply with laws or to respond to claims, legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas and court orders) and requests from public and government authorities.
To cooperate with regulatory bodies and government authorities in connection with investigations or case referrals.
To third parties in connection with the enforcement of our
Terms of Use for Consumers
,
Guidelines for Reviewers
,
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
, and
Guidelines for Businesses
.
To third parties in order for us to protect our operations or those of our affiliates.
To third parties to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
To third parties in order for us to pursue available remedies, or limit damages that we may sustain.
To third parties in order for us to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and misuse of our platform.
To third parties in the event of any reorganisation, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business or assets (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We only keep your data for as long as we need it, or are required to for legal reasons. This depends on why it was collected, and if we have a continuing legal basis to do so (such as to fulfil a contract between us, perform a service you requested, meet legal requirements, or for our legitimate interests). When we no longer have a valid reason to keep your data, we'll either delete it or anonymise it so that it doesn't identify you. We treat data differently depending on what it's used for, but you can delete your personal data or ask us to do that for you at any time (see ‘Your rights’ below).
Personal data you provide, including your reviews, is kept for as long as you have a Trustpilot account, or as needed to provide you with our services. If you delete your Trustpilot account, we retain certain information we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. Reasons we might retain some data for longer periods of time include (but are not limited to) security, fraud and platform abuse prevention, complying with legal or regulatory requirements, and defending our legitimate business interests.
Keeping your personal data secure is our highest priority. We use various organisational, technical and administrative measures to protect your personal data within our organisation and we regularly audit our system for vulnerabilities. However, since the internet is not a completely secure environment, we can’t ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us. Emails sent via the platform may not be encrypted, and we therefore advise you not to include any confidential information in your emails to us.
We’re always working to improve
our security practices and policies
, and we will update this information as these practices evolve over time.
We use cookies and similar technologies to help deliver, optimise, personalise and analyse our services, and for advertising purposes.
We use a combination of cookies and other technologies, such as pixels and tracking codes, to collect information for use in line with the purposes set out in this policy.
What’s a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or device, via your web browser, at the request of the websites you visit or applications you use. Cookies record things like your preferences and settings, which help give us the information we need to provide you with the most consistent and relevant experience. We also use cookies to record information about experiments or new improvements we might test to track how you use our services and find out whether they were effective.
Cookies on our website may be set by us, third parties we're working with, or independent third parties, such as advertisers.
What are pixels?
Pixels are small, transparent image files inside a web page or email. We use them to understand how you interact with our services, including marketing emails.
What are tracking codes?
Tracking codes are snippets of code placed in the page to measure things like visits and interactions. We use tracking codes to find out more about how you interact with our services, the adverts you see and more generally, how you use our platform.
Please see our
Cookie Policy
for more information and details of the types of cookies and similar technologies we use.
If we hold personal data about you, you have rights in relation to this data as set out below.
These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law, or have an overriding legitimate interest, to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
Access and download your personal data
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not Trustpilot A/S is processing personal data about you, and, where it is, access that personal data, as well as other information about the data. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
If you have a business account on Trustpilot, or if you don’t have an account at all, you can email privacy@trustpilot.com and request information about your personal data.
Correction and deletion of your personal data
If any of the personal data we have about you is incorrect or misleading, if your personal data changes or if you no longer wish to appear on the platform, you can
correct, edit or delete
the information yourself via your Trustpilot user account. Otherwise, you are welcome to email privacy@trustpilot.com requesting to correct or delete your information.
See ‘How long do we store your personal data?’ for more information on deleting your data.
Right to object
We may share your public personal data with certain partners (see “
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
”). Where your rights override our interests, you can opt-out of us sharing such data by completing
this form
.
Other rights
In addition to the rights set out above concerning your personal data, you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, and the right to have the processing of your personal data restricted (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, for example the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes).
Where we have asked for your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. You may withdraw your consent either by using the functionality provided within the appropriate product feature or by contacting us (see ‘Contact us’ below). If you ask to withdraw your consent to Trustpilot processing your data, this will not affect any processing which has already taken place at that time.
Please note that the above rights are not absolute and might be limited. For example, we may not comply with your request if fulfilling it would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law, or have compelling legitimate interests, to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Support Center
.
This section provides additional details about the personal data we collect from consumers in the U.S. who are afforded rights under applicable state data protection and privacy laws. These laws include, but are not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act, the Florida Digital Bill of Rights, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act, the New Jersey Data Protection Act, the New Hampshire Act Relative to the Expectation of Privacy, the Oregon Consumer Data Privacy Act, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, and any other state or local laws applicable to U.S. residents’ data. These laws may be amended, repealed, or replaced over time (the “U.S. Privacy Laws”).
When we say personal data in this section, we mean “personal data” or “personal information”, as defined in the applicable U.S. Privacy Laws.
For more details about the personal data we collect, please see ‘Personal data we collect’ above. We collect this data for the purposes described in ‘Why and how we use your personal data’ above. We share this data with the categories of third parties described in ‘Who may access your personal data’ above.
Under the U.S. Privacy Laws you have a number of rights over the personal data we hold about you and we are committed to exercising those rights, where they apply. For more details about your rights in relation to our processing of your personal data, please see ‘Your rights’ above.
In accordance with the U.S Privacy Laws’ requirements, we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. You may make a request pursuant to your rights by contacting us via email (privacy@trustpilot.com) or by mail using the contact details set out below. We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including the email address. You may designate an authorised agent to exercise these rights on your behalf.
Trustpilot may transfer your personal data to third parties who enter into licensing agreements with us and to our partners for things like displaying personalised ads to you or to deliver improvements to our service. Under U.S Privacy Laws you may request to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data to third parties. To manage your privacy preferences and opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data, please use the features provided to opt out on our dedicated
Do Not Sell or Share My Information
site. You can also contact us via email (privacy@trustpilot.com) or by mail using the contact details set out below.
Trustpilot will never sell your private personal data for profit, however, to comply with the U.S. Privacy Laws where we transfer it to our partners for activities including, but not limited to,displaying personalised ads to you, licensing our data (see “
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
”) or to deliver improvements to our service, we allow you to opt out. We only engage in this kind of data transfer where we believe it benefits you by providing you with a better experience, quality of service or to deliver content that you may be interested in.
Our platform is not directed to children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from such children. If you become aware that a child under the age of 18 has provided us with their personal data, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
We may change this policy from time to time. Laws, regulations, and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our services or business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed.
If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, we will provide additional notice, such as via email or through our platform. Your continued use of our platform or services after we publish or send a notice about the changes to the policy will mean that you accept and agree to the updated policy.
We aim to make this information as clear and transparent as possible. But if you still have questions about how we process your personal data, or would like to exercise your rights under our policy, you're welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@trustpilot.com
.
You can reach us by mail at:
Trustpilot A/S,
Pilestraede 58, 5th floor,
1112 Copenhagen K,
Denmark
CVR no.: 30276582
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have further options, for example you may lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority such as the Danish Data Protection Agency. You can read more about it in the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
You can also find additional resources about data privacy in our
Help Center
.
Back to top
are you human?
Here’s how we use cookies
Trustpilot and our partners would like to use cookies on this site to:
Show relevant content and ads
Provide social media features
Analyze traffic to bring you a better experience
No thanks
Ok
Manage cookies