Welcome
Welcome to www.usopen.org. This site (the “Site”) is owned by United States Tennis Association Incorporated (the "USTA") and is operated by and on behalf of the USTA and its affiliated companies, including USTA National Tennis Center Incorporated, and the USTA Foundation Incorporated, LLC (collectively, the “USTA Family of Companies,” “we” “us” or “our”).
This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use and disclosure of information that we may collect from and about you. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using or submitting information to this Site.
Your Consent
By using this Site, you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you visit this Site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use and any specific provisions of this Site that may be presented at the time information is collected.
About Children
The Site is a general audience site. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the Site. If in the future, we collect personally identifiable information from children, we will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.). The Internet offers children wonderful educational and entertainment resources. Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience. We encourage you to visit the Direct Marketing Association’s Web site (
www.the-dma.org
) and explore the Get CyberSavvy! Program as well as the GetNetWise Web site (
www.getnetwise.org
) to learn more about parental control tools
Registration Data
In order to access some of the services, applications or sweepstakes offered by the USTA, you may be required to register and/or provide personal information, such as name, email, telephone number and birthdate (“Registration Data”). Although information may be required to participate in certain activities or promotions, participants provide that information voluntarily.
By registering, you agree to: (i) provide true, accurate and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration form; and (ii) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. You acknowledge and agree the USTA shall have no liability associated with or arising from your failure to maintain accurate Registration Data, including, but not limited to, your failure to receive critical information about the site or any mobile service or your account. You further agree the USTA is authorized to verify such Registration Data through its own records as well as those of third parties. Any suspected abuse of your Registration Data should be reported to the USTA.
Active Information Collection
Like many Web sites, this Site actively collects information from its visitors both by asking them specific questions and by permitting them to communicate directly with us via e-mail, feedback forms, social media and so forth. Some of the information that you submit may be personally identifiable information (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your full name, address, e-mail address, phone number and so on).
Some areas of this Site may require you to submit information in order for you to benefit from the specified features (such as newsletter subscriptions, tips/pointers, order processing and so forth) or to participate in a particular activity (such as sweepstakes or other promotions and so forth). You will be informed at each information collection point what information is required and what information is optional.
Information From Other Sources
From time to time we, and/or our operational partners may receive information about you from other sources and add it to the data previously collected about you.
Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through this Site and/or receive emails in connection with this Site, certain information may be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, including, without limitation, those described below:
IP Addresses and Automatic Information
We may collect IP addresses and/or automatic information for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. Our computers identify your computer by its IP address. When you request Web pages from the Site, our computers log your IP address.
Automatic information is information collected by our computers when you request Web pages from the Site. Automatic information may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such information. When analyzed, this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Site, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like.
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
As with many websites, this Site and our online services (such as our emails) may use a standard technology called a “cookie” and other similar technologies (such as, pixels and web beacons), which are small data files that are transferred to your computer when you use this Site. These technologies automatically identify your browser whenever you interact with the Site.
Categories of Cookies
We use cookies for the following types of purposes:
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of the Site.
Performance cookies.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our Site and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional cookies.
These are used to recognize you when you return to the Site. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences.
Targeting cookies.
These cookies may be set through our Site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the tables below:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
:
Organization
Cookie
Description
USTA
Geo_cookie
This cookie stores your preferred region.
Adobe Analytics
s_vi
This cookie is used to identify a unique visitor.
For Adobe’s privacy policy, please see:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html
Akamai
ak_bmsc; bm_mi; bm_sv
These cookies are used by Akamai to optimize site security by distinguishing between humans and bots.
For Akamai’s privacy policy, please see
here
:
Formstack
AWSALB;
AWSALBCORS
These cookies are used by Formstack in connection with the Amazon Web Services load balancer application and to preserve user session state across page requests.
For Formstack’s privacy policy, please see
https://www.formstack.com/legal/website-privacy-policy
PHPSESSID
Google
_GRECAPTCHA
This cookie is set by Google reCAPTCHA, which protects our Site against spam inquiries on contact forms.
OneTrust
__cfduid
This cookie is placed by OneTrust to manage your cookie preferences
Performance cookies
Organization
Cookie
Description
Adobe Analytics
s_cc
Adobe Analytics is used for the purpose of website analytics and to associate browsing information to customer records. USTA uses these performance cookies to define new visitors, help analyze clickstream data, and track historical activity on the website, such as response to particular campaigns.
To opt-out please see:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
For Adobe’s privacy policy, please see:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html
s_fid
s_nr
S_ppn
s_ppv
s_ppvl
Google Analytics
_ga
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., to help us see how our website is used. The data collected by Google Analytics is used to analyze how frequently the same people revisit the website, how the website is found, and which pages are most (and least) frequently viewed.
To opt-out of Google analytics, please see:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
For Google’s privacy policy, please see:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
_gclxxxx
gid
Minute.ly
minBuffer
Minute.ly is used for the purpose of video analytics.  These cookies collect information about your computer, including your operating system, your IP address, your general location, your browsing history on the Site, which will include the pages visited, which videos are watched, which teasers are clicked, what articles are read and usage information from the “video player” such as when the video was played/paused, volume control, and information regarding your viewing history on the Site.
For Minute.ly’s privacy policy, please see:
https://minute.ly/privacy-policy/
minDaily
minSessionToken
_minTest
minUniq
minVersion
Functional cookies
Organization
Cookie
Description
Alive 5
alive_guid
This cookie is used in connection with the web chat functionality on the US Open website ticketing page.
For Alive5’s privacy policy, please see:
https://www.alive5.com/privacy-policy
Vimeo
Vuid
player
These cookies are used in connection with the Vimeo video player.
For Vimeo’s privacy policy, please see:
https://vimeo.com/privacy
Targeting cookies
Organization
Cookie
Description
Adobe Audience Manager
aam_uuid
dpm
dextp
demdex
DST
usta
Adobe Audience Manager relies on cookies to perform different functions including assigning IDs, recording data calls, error tracking, and testing to see if cookies can be set. These cookies enable USTA to personalize and improve the performance of our websites, social networking pages, and marketing messages.
To opt-out please see:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
For Adobe’s privacy policy, please see:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html
DoubleClick/Google
_gads
These cookies allow the Site to determine when an ad the user clicked and later visited the advertisers site, may be used to measure conversion events, and records how a user interacts with our website.
For Google’s privacy policy, please see:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
GoogleAdServingTest
IDE
test_cookie
Facebook
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
To opt-out please see
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences
For Facebook’s privacy policy, please see:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Tremor Media
(ScanScout)
UID, UIAA, UIXX_UPDT
Used to track the visitor across multiple devices including TV. This is done in order to re-target the visitor through multiple channels.
For Tremor Media’s privacy policy, please see:
https://www.tremorvideo.com/privacy-policy/
Channel 1 Media
alive_guid; FSAV; FSAC
Used to track visits to our hospitality pages and to re-target the visitor through multiple channels.
For more information on Channel 1 Media, please see:
https://www.channel1media.com/
Lotame
_cc_aud
Lotame is a third-party service for serving third party online advertising across online and mobile platforms. It uses cookies to record online behavior in order to show relevant advertising.
For Lotame’s privacy policy and to opt out, please see:
https://www.lotame.com/about-lotame/privacy/
_cc_cc
_cc_dc
_cc_id
Controlling and Deleting Cookies
If you would like to change how a browser uses cookies, including blocking or deleting cookies from the Site you can do so through the OneTrust tool provided on this Site or by changing the settings in your web browser. To control cookies, most browsers allow you to either accept or reject all cookies, only accept certain types of cookies, or prompt you every time a site wishes to save a cookie. It’s also easy to delete cookies that are already saved on your device by a browser.
The processes for controlling and deleting cookies vary depending on which browser you use. To find out how to do so with a particular browser, you can use your browser’s “Help” function or alternatively, you can visit
http://www.aboutcookies.org
, which explains, step-by-step, how to control and delete cookies in most browsers.
Similar Technologies
We use technologies that resemble cookies to help track user activities and preferences. For example, we may use web beacons (tiny graphics with a unique identifier embedded on web pages or emails) to track your activities and communicate with cookies. You cannot opt out of web beacons used on webpages, but you can limit their use by opting out of the cookies they interact with. You can opt out of web beacons used in emails by setting your email client to render emails in text mode only.
Mobile Apps
Our apps (e.g., for iOS and Android) do not use cookies, but may use tracking technologies to, for example, authenticate you as a registered user, allow you to use the app’s features, and help us understand how our apps are being used. You cannot opt out of these mobile tracking technologies, but you may delete your apps and use the web versions of our services instead.
Third-Party Ad Serving & Audience and Traffic Measurement Services
The Site may use third-party network advertisers to serve advertisements you may see based on your visit. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to the Site and other websites you have visited. Third-party ad serving enables advertisements to be served to you for products or websites you might be interested in. In addition, we may share this information with Ace to allow them and their network advertisers to serve ads based on your interests to you.
The Site is in compliance with the Ad Choices Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. The goal of Ad Choices is to provide you with information about how online advertising works and the choices you have.
You may visit the http://www.aboutads.info/choices page to learn more about online behavioral advertising and to see your opt-out choices from companies that are participants in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
Please note that if you choose to opt out, you will still see ads, but these ads will not be customized based on your interests generated from your visits over time and across different websites. In addition, the preferences you select on the http://www.aboutads.info/choices page may not apply to mobile devices. Due to the differences between using apps and websites on mobile devices, opt-outs will need to be set for both browsers and apps.
Use and Disclosure of Information
Except as otherwise stated, the USTA Family of Companies may use information you provide to improve the content of our Site, to customize the display of the Site to your preferences, to communicate information to you, for our marketing and research purposes, and for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
If you provide personally identifiable information to this Site, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless specified otherwise at the point of collection on this Site. We may also combine personally identifiable information with passively collected information.
We may disclose your personally identifiable information as well as passively collected information to third parties located in the United States and/or any other country:
i. to our affiliates;
ii. to our sponsors;
iii. to other tennis related organizations (including USTA sections and districts);
iv. to select companies or organizations which we believe may offer products, services, materials or information of interest;
v. to third parties we use to support our business (including fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, chat service providers, email service providers, forum service providers, advertisement sales and management services and financial institutions);
vi. in connection with the sale, assignment or other transfer of the business of this Site to which the information relates; or
vii. where required by applicable laws, court orders or government regulations.
In addition, we will make full use of all information acquired through this Site that is not in personally identifiable form.
You acknowledge and agree that USTA, in management of certain programs and promotions, or programs may share your information with USTA sections and districts, affiliated businesses, sweepstakes partners or US Open Sponsors (collectively, “Permitted Third Parties”). Your registration on our Site constitutes permission for the USTA and Permitted Third Parties to contact you for promotional and/or marketing purposes. Your relationship with each Permitted Third Party is independent of the USTA and subject to that Permitted Third Party’s terms of use and/or privacy policy. By registering, you acknowledge and agree that USTA does not and cannot control the actions of any Permitted Third Party, and you further agree to release and hold harmless USTA from any and all liability, injury, loss or damage of any kind that may arise from or out of your interaction with such Permitted Third Party.
Third-Party Ad Serving & Audience and Traffic Measurement Services
This Site may use third party network advertisers to serve the advertisements you see. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this Site and other Web sites you have visited. Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or Web sites you might be interested in. In addition, we may share this information with our sponsors to allow our sponsors and their network advertisers to serve ads based on your interests to you.
This site is in compliance with the Ad Choices Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. The goal of Ad Choices is to provide you with information about how online advertising works and the choices you have.
You may visit the http://www.aboutads.info/choices page to learn more about online behavioral advertising and to see your opt-out choices from companies that are participants in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
Please note that if you choose to opt out, you will still see ads, but these ads will not be customized based on your interests generated from your visits over time and across different Web sites. In addition, the preferences you select on the http://www.aboutads.info/choices page may not apply to mobile devices. Due to the differences between using apps and websites on mobile devices, opt-outs will need to be set for both browsers and apps.
Accessing, Correcting, Deleting and Opting Out of Certain Disclosures of Your Information
USTA understands that you may want to better understand the information USTA has received about you, to correct your information with the USTA, and to limit how USTA may retain and use your personal information.
If you would like to learn more about:
the categories or specific items of personal information USTA has collected about you;
the categories of personal information shared with our sponsors and other companies or organizations which we believe may offer products, services, materials or information of interest to you; and/or
the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold.
You may make such a request by emailing feedback@usta.com. You may also contact USTA at feedback@usta.com to correct or delete any information that USTA possesses about you or to request that USTA not share your information with the third parties described above.
Please note that there are some limitations on these rights. USTA is able to provide your information only with respect to your interactions with USOpen.org and the Net Generation and USTA Membership programs.
For your security, if your request comes from an email account other than the one USTA has on file for you, USTA may require you to verify your identity through your registered email address or by other means. You may also review and correct your account information, email subscriptions and other preferences by logging into your USTA account using your user ID and password.
There may be some circumstances where USTA may not be able to honor a request to correct or delete your personal information. For example, without limitation, we cannot agree to delete your match data, as it will affect the records of other players, or when it is necessary to protect USTA’s legal rights.
If you would like to opt-out of USTA sharing your information with sponsors and other companies or organizations which we believe may offer products, services, materials or information of interest to you, you may request that we do so by emailing feedback@usta.com to make such a request.
Security
We will take reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information as you transmit your information from your computer to our Site and to protect such information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, email sent to or from this Site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Moreover, where you use passwords, usernames, ID numbers or other special access features on this Site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them
Links to Other Web Sites
You should be aware that when you are on the Site you could be directed to other sites beyond our control. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" may take you off the Site onto a different Web site. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use the Site’s logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other Web sites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a Website that is linked to our Site, you should consult that site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information. Please note that the USTA Family of Companies are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties.
Other Terms
Your use of this Site is subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use. If you choose to use this Site, your visit and any dispute over privacy and data collection is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions of Use including limitations on damages and application of the law of the State of New York.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Site, please contact us as follows:
United States Tennis Association
Attention: Communications Dept.
70 West Red Oak Lane, White Plains, NY 10604
(914) 696-7000
Click here for email
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, our customers who are California residents have the right to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact the following with such request:
United States Tennis Association
Attention: Communication Dept.- California Privacy Compliance
70 West Red Oak Lane
White Plains, NY 10604
International Users
Users Outside the United States
The USTA is the national governing body for the sport of tennis in the United States. This Site is directly solely towards users who reside in the United States. If you choose to use this website from outside the United States, you are consenting to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, pursuant to the laws of the United States.
Notwithstanding the forgoing, similar to the processes described above, the USTA will honor the following requests from users:
If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent for future processing of that data.
The right to request from USTA access to and rectification of your personal data.
Subject to reasonable limitations, the right to request restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Subject to reasonable limitations, the right to request erasure of your personal data.
You may contact USTA using any of the methods described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Policy.
Do Not Track Signals
Some browsers have incorporated a Do Not Track (DNT) feature. These features, when turned on, send a signal that you prefer that the website you are visiting not collect and use data regarding your online searching and browsing activities. As there is not yet a common understanding on how to interpret the DNT signal, we currently do not respond to DNT signals on our site.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
If this Privacy Policy changes, the revised policy will be posted on this Site. Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on and is effective as of August 19, 2021.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html?external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true:
Adobe Privacy Center
Overview
Adobe Privacy Policy
Cookies
GDPR
CCPA
Law Enforcement
Younger Users
Contact Us
Your Privacy Choices
.
We value your privacy and trust.
The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information.
Adobe Privacy Policy
Young Users
Cookies
Contact us
Law Enforcement
Trust Center
Your privacy choices
style
four up, xl spacing
What does Adobe do with your personal information?
Learn more about how Adobe uses your information as you use Adobe apps and visit Adobe websites:
Adobe Privacy Policy
Additional privacy policies
Cookies and similar technologies
Your privacy choices
Social networking
Marketing
Cross-border data transfers
Adobe & Student Privacy
Additional US State Privacy Rights
Younger users
What do Adobe’s business customers do with your information?
Learn more about how Adobe’s business customers use Adobe solutions to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages, and to securely manage digital documents:
Data collection in Adobe Experience Cloud
Data collection in Adobe Electronic Signature Services
Data collection in Reader Mobile SDK
Your privacy choices
Cross-border data transfers
Questions?
Contact us
.
This Adobe site doesn't match your location
Based on your location, we think you may prefer the Ireland website, where you'll get regional content, offerings, and pricing.
Ireland
United States
Sub-policy 1
https://www.formstack.com/legal/website-privacy-policy?external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true:
___
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Privacy Policy
Please accept the cookie consent in order to use this chat.
1
Sub-policy 2
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html?external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true:
Adobe Privacy Choices
Last updated: 18 June, 2024
To provide you with more relevant experiences and marketing messages based on your likely interests, we collect information about you and how you engage with us and our business customers. Here is how you can control your information:
For Adobe End Users
For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud
style
two-up, no spacing, grid width 10
For Adobe End Users
Your data. Your choices.
Direct Marketing Communications from Adobe
|
Your use of Adobe Apps
|
Machine learning analysis on your content
|
Adobe websites
|
Interest-based ads
Direct Marketing Communications from Adobe
Tell us your Adobe marketing preferences by updating your Adobe ID
profile
. You can also tell us to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Adobe's marketing emails.
Tell us your Behance marketing preferences by updating your account settings (under the “Notifications” tab) at
Behance.net
. You can also tell Behance to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Behance's marketing emails.
Please note that even when you exercise these choices, you may still receive communications from Adobe in the form of “transactional” emails relating to normal business operations. For example, we may email you to inform you that your subscription is expiring or that someone has sent you a document using an Adobe app.
Your use of Adobe applications and services
We may collect information about how you use Adobe desktop products, mobile apps and services.
Desktop Applications
Usage information associated with your Adobe account
Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services.
Learn more and change collection settings
Usage information associated with your device
Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your device to improve our products and services.
Learn more and change collection settings
Services
Adobe web-based services
Some Adobe web-based services use cookies and similar technologies to collect usage information to provide you with a more personalized experience, improve our products and services, and in some cases, to tailor ads to your likely interests. To change your collection settings, click on the Cookies link at the bottom of the service’s website. Please note that you may have to repeat this process for each Adobe web-based service that collects usage data.
Experience Cloud service usage data
You have the option to share information with Adobe about how you use our Experience Cloud services. You can change your preference at any time
here
.
Mobile Applications
Data Collection
Some of our mobile apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account or device to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services. To change your collection settings, go to the app’s settings panel that refers to mobile app usage data collection. Please note that you will have to repeat this process for each Adobe mobile app that collects usage data.
Learn more
style
two-up, no spacing, grid width 10
Machine learning analysis on your content
When you use Creative Cloud and Document Cloud apps, Adobe may analyze your content processed or stored on our servers using techniques such as machine learning to improve our products and services. You can opt out of content analysis at any time. If you choose to participate in programs where you submit content to improve our products and services, turning off content analysis does not affect our ability to analyze your content for product improvement.
Learn more
.
Adobe does not analyze your content to train generative AI models, unless you choose to submit content to the Adobe Stock marketplace.
Adobe website preferences
Adobe
uses cookies
and similar technologies to analyze your use of Adobe websites so that we can improve them and tailor websites, communications, and ads to your likely interests.
#f5f5f5
Choose your preferences for cookies and similar technologies:
Cookie settings
style
no spacing, grid width 12
If you opt out of advertising cookies, you may still see Adobe ads on other companies' websites, but they will not be based on your use of Adobe’s apps and websites.
Note about cookie-based preferences:
Many of the privacy preferences described on this page work by placing a
cookie
on your browser. Therefore, your browser must be configured to accept cookies for your preference to take effect. If you delete or clear your cookies, or if you change web browsers, you will need to set your preferences again.
Interest-based ads
Adobe complies with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and related DAA guidance. For more information about interest-based ads and to opt out for all companies who are members of those groups, please see:
Australian Digital Advertising Alliance
(ADAA)
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA)
For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud
Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services
The Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services (Audience Manager and Ad Cloud) enable our business customers to personalize and improve the performance of their digital properties and marketing messages. These companies use Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services to collect and analyze information, such as clicks made by visitors on their websites. These services also allow these companies to provide you more relevant advertising within their websites, apps, emails, text messages, direct mail offers and push notifications.
Opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services
privacy-button-label
Opt-out
privacy-confirmation-message
Thank you, you've been successfully opted out
privacy-url
https://rtd-tm.everesttech.net/user/privacy?dnt=t,https://www.demdex.net/demoptout.jpg
style
grid width 12, privacybutton
Important note:
You will see a confirmation message that you have been opted out when clicking the button above. Future visits to this page will not display your opted out choice even if you have not cleared out your cookies, but you are still opted out.
Interest-based Advertising Settings
You can also visit the sites below to opt out of interest-based ads for all companies who are members of those groups:
Australian Digital Advertising Alliance
(ADAA)
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA)
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI)
To opt out of advertising solutions that tailor ads shown within mobile apps based on your likely interests, please either:
Set the preference on your mobile device to limit ad tracking, or
Download the Digital Advertising Alliance’s
AppChoices app
and configure it to opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions
Please also review the privacy policies on the websites and mobile apps that you use because they may offer additional privacy choices.
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 4
https://minute.ly/privacy-policy/?external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true:
Skip to content
Privacy policy
We are committed to protecting the personal data that we obtain
The privacy and confidentiality of our clients, contractors, associates and visitors to our website matters to us.
Please contact us if you have any questions, comments or suggestions relating to this Policy.
Minute Website and End User Privacy Notice
Minute Spoteam Ltd. (“
we
“, “
us
“, “
our
” or “
Minute
“) respects your right to privacy. Your ability to make informed choices about the use of your information is important to us. This Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information we receive from visitors to our website,
www.minute.ly
(“
Site
“). This Privacy Notice also explains your ability to control certain uses of the collected information. “
You
” means any adult visitor to our Site and/or any parent or guardian of any minor whom you allowed to visit such sites and for whom you will be held strictly responsible.
If you are an individual located in the European Union (“
EU Individual
“), some additional terms and rights may apply to you, as detailed herein. Minute is the data controller in respect of the processing of Personal Data (as defined below) of visitors to the Site, as outlined in this Privacy Notice. Our registered office is Soncino St 3, Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel and our registration number is 515090652. When we process information of visitors to Customer Sites (as defined below) in the context of providing services to our Customers, the applicable Customer serves as a data controller with respect to such Personal Data and we serve as a data processor.
“
Personal Data
” means any information that refers, is related to, or is associated with an identified or identifiable individual or as otherwise may be defined by applicable law. This Privacy Notice details which Personal Data is collected by us in connection with provision of the Services.
If you are a visitor to the website of one of our Customers, please see the “Visitors to Customer Sites” section below.
Privacy Notice Key Points
The key points listed below are presented in further detail throughout this Privacy Notice. These key points do not substitute the full Privacy Notice.
Visitors to Customer Sites
Personal Data We Collect, Uses and Legal Basis
Sharing the Personal Data We Collect
International Transfer
Your Rights
Data Retention
Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
Third-Party Applications and Services
Changes to the Privacy Notice
Visitors to Customer Sites
We collect and process certain Personal Data of individuals who visit the websites of our customers (“
Customers
” and “
Customer Sites
“, respectively). We collect and use this data solely for the purpose of providing services to our Customers, at their instruction, and on their behalf.
When we process information of visitors to Customer Sites the applicable Customer serves as a data controller with respect to such Personal Data and we act as a data processor on its behalf.
When you visit our Customers’ Sites, we automatically collect information about which pages, your computer, including non-Personal Data such as your operating system, Personal Data such as your IP address (which is not retained), your general location (city and country), your browsing history which will include the pages visited, which videos are watched, which teasers are clicked, what articles are read and usage information from the “video player” such as when the video was played/paused, volume control, and information regarding your viewing history on the Customer Site.
The information we collect will be shared with the Customer whose Customer Site you visit.
In order to collect this information, we may place cookies on the Customer Site. Depending on the type of service we provide to the Customer, different cookies may be placed.
Cookie
Usage
minDaily
If user belongs to control group, was unique analytic sent
minBuffer
Buffer buckets
minSession
SessionID, Unique APV impressions and clicks, Was Analytics sent
minVersion
Current version for A/B testing
minUniq
UserID, which highlights were given for Internal A/B testing
minSessionToken10
SessionID, UserID, viewed hits
_minEE1_debug
Analytics Buffer
Local Storage
Usage
minViewedHits
APV performance A/B test
You can change the settings within your browser so that no cookies will be placed. In addition, you are free to delete any existing cookies at any time.
For more information about these processing activities or to exercise any rights you may have as a data subject, please contact the applicable Customer directly.
Personal Data We Collect, Uses and Legal Basis
Depending on your usage, we collect different types of data and we and any of our third-party sub-contractors and service providers use the data we collect for different purposes, as specified below. It is your voluntary decision whether to provide us with certain Personal Data, but if you refuse to provide such Personal Data, we may not be able to provide you with the Site or the services thereon (“
Services
“).
Visitors to the Site.
When you visit the Site, we may collect the following types of Personal Data from you:
Contact Information
: When you request information from us or contact us for any other reason, including to request a demo, we will collect any data you provide, such as your full name, email address, company website, your phone number and the subject of your inquiry. We will also collect the page views per month on your company’s website if you provide us with such information.
How we use this data
: To respond to your request or inquiry and to provide you with news, updates, and marketing emails, if you have chosen to receive such communications.
Legal Basis
: We process this Personal Data based on performance of a contract when we respond to your inquiry and based on your consent, when we provide you with newsletters and marketing emails.
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect information about your computer or mobile device, including non-Personal Data such as your operating system, and Personal Data such as IP address, and location (country / city only) and any information regarding your viewing history on our Site. For more information about the cookies and similar technologies we use and how to adjust your preferences, please see the section “Cookies and Similar Technologies” below.
How we use this data
: (1) to review usage and operations, including in an aggregated non-specific analytical manner, develop new products or services and improve current content, products, and Services; (2) to prevent fraud, protect the security of our Site and Services, and address any problems with the Site and/or Services; (3) to provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising related to our products and Services, based on your usage history on the Site, on other third-party sites or apps you may visit and/or use.
Legal Basis
: We process this Personal Data based on our legitimate interests to develop and improve our products and Services, review usage, perform analytics, prevent fraud, for our record keeping and protection of our legal rights and to market our own products and services. Additional information regarding direct marketing is provided below.
Additional Uses
Statistical Information
By analyzing all information we receive, including all information concerning users, we may compile statistical information across a variety of users (“
Statistical Information
“). Statistical Information helps us understand trends and user needs so that new products and services can be considered and so that existing products and services can be tailored to user desires. Statistical Information does not indicate individuals’ identities. We may share Statistical Information with our partners, without restriction, on commercial terms that we can determine in our sole discretion.
Analytics
We and/or our service providers or subcontractors, use analytics tools (“
Tools
“), including “Google Analytics” to collect information about the use of the Site. Such Tools collect information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites and mobile applications they used prior to visiting the Site. The Tools may collect certain Personal Data and may link such Personal Data to specific information stored in our customer database. We use the information we get from the Tools to improve our Site. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service located at
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
and the Google Privacy Policy located at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
Direct Marketing
As described above, if you are a visitor to our Site, we may use Personal Data to let you know about our products and Services that we believe will be of interest to you. If you have chosen to receive such communications, we may contact you by email or telephone, or through other communication channels. In all cases, we will respect your preferences for how you would like us to manage marketing activity with respect to you. To protect privacy rights and to ensure you have control over how we manage marketing with you:
We will take steps to limit direct marketing to a reasonable and proportionate level and only send you communications which we believe may be of interest or relevance to you.
You can ask us to stop sending email marketing by following the “unsubscribe” link you will find on all the email marketing messages we send you. Alternatively, you can contact us a
t
support@dev.minute.ly
.
You can change the way your browser manages cookies, which may be used to deliver online advertising, by following the settings on your browser as explained below. If our marketing activities are based upon your consent, you may withdraw this consent at any time.
Sharing the Personal Data We Collect
We share your information, including Personal Data, as follows:
Service Providers, and Subcontractors
We disclose information, including Personal Data we collect from and/or about you, to our trusted service providers and subcontractors, who have agreed to confidentiality restrictions and who use such information solely on our behalf in order to: (1) help us provide you with the Site and/or help us provide you with the Services; (2) aid in their understanding of how users are using our Site and/or Services; and (3) if you are visitor to our Site, provide to you targeted offers and advertising on both our Site and on other sites you choose to visit; and (4) if you are a visitor to our Site and have requested that we do so, to provide you with information and marketing materials.
Such service providers and subcontractors provide us with IT and system administration services, data backup, security, and storage services, data analysis and help us serve advertisements and provide other marketing services.
Business Transfers
Your Personal Data may be disclosed as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition (including in cases of liquidation) in such case, your Personal Data shall continue being subject to the provisions of this Privacy Notice.
Law Enforcement Related Disclosure
We may share your Personal Data with third parties: (i) if we believe in good faith that disclosure is appropriate to protect our or a third party’s rights, property or safety (including the enforcement of the Terms and this Privacy Notice); (ii) when required by law, regulation subpoena, court order or other law enforcement related issues, agencies and/or authorities; or (iii) as is necessary to comply with any legal and/or regulatory obligation.
Legal Uses
We may use your Personal Data as required or permitted by any applicable law, for example, to comply with audit and other legal requirements.
Other Uses or Transfer of Your Personal Data
If you use our Site and/or Services with or through a third-party service, site and/or mobile application, we may receive information (including Personal Data) about you from those third parties. Please note that when you use third-parties outside of our Site and/or Services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services.
International Transfer
We use subcontractors and service providers who are located in countries other than your own and send them information we receive (including Personal Data). We conduct such international transfers for the purposes described above. We will ensure that these third parties will be subject to written agreements ensuring the same level of privacy and data protection as set forth in this Privacy Notice, including appropriate remedies in the event of the violation of your data protection rights in such third country.
Whenever we transfer your Personal Data to third parties based outside of the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“), we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your Personal Data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for Personal Data by the European Commission.
Where we use certain service providers not located in countries with an adequate level of protection as determined by the European Commission, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give Personal Data the same protection it has in the EEA.
Please contact us at
support@dev.minute.ly
i
f you would like further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your Personal Data out of the EEA.
Security
We have implemented and maintain appropriate technical and organization security measures, policies and procedures designed to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, or the unauthorized disclosure or access to Personal Data appropriate to the nature of such data. The measures we take include:
Safeguards
– The physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards we employ to protect your Personal Data include secure servers, firewalls, antivirus, and SSL encryption of data.
Access Control
– We dedicate efforts for a proper management of system entries and limit access only to authorized personnel on a need to know basis of least privilege rules, review permissions quarterly, and revoke access immediately after employee termination.
Internal Policies
– We maintain and regularly review and update our privacy related and information security policies.
Personnel
– We require new employees to sign non-disclosure agreements according to applicable law and industry customary practice.
Encryption
– We encrypt the data in transit using secure https protocols.
Database Backup
– Our databases are backed up on a periodic basis for certain data and are verified regularly. Backups are encrypted and stored within the production environment to preserve their confidentiality and integrity, are tested regularly to ensure availability, and are accessible only by authorized personnel.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
As the security of information depends in part on the security of the computer you use to communicate with us and the security you use to protect user IDs and passwords, please take appropriate measures to protect this information.
Your Rights – How to Access and Limit Our Use of Certain Personal Data
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have certain rights in relation to the Personal Data that we hold about you, as detailed below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes and make every reasonable effort to honor your wish to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and, in any event, within the timescales provided by applicable data protection laws. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any information and/or comply with any of your requests, as detailed below:
Right of Access.
You have a right to know what Personal Data we collect about you and, in some cases, to have such Personal Data communicated to you. Subject to applicable law, we may charge you with a fee. Please note that we may not be able to provide you with all the information you request, and, in such case, we will endeavor to explain to you why.
Right to Data Portability.
If the processing is based on your consent or performance of a contract with you
and
processing is being carried out by automated means, you may be entitled to (request that we) provide you or another party with a copy of the Personal Data you provided to us in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format.
Right to Correct Personal Data.
Subject to the limitations in applicable law, you may request that we update, complete, correct or delete inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated Personal Data.
Deletion of Personal Data (“Right to Be Forgotten”).
You have a right to request that we delete your Personal Data if either: (i) it is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was collected, (ii) our processing was based on your consent and you have withdrawn your consent, (iii) you have successfully exercised your Right to Object (see below), (iv) processing was unlawful, or (iv) we are required to erase it for compliance with a legal obligation. We cannot restore information once it has been deleted. Please note that to ensure that we do not collect any further Personal Data, you should; terminate your account with us, and clear our cookies from your device. We may retain certain Personal Data (including following your request to delete) for audit and record-keeping purposes, or as otherwise permitted and/or required under applicable law.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You can ask us to limit the processing of your Personal Data if either: (i) you have contested its accuracy and wish us to limit processing until this is verified; (ii) the processing is unlawful, but you do not wish us to erase the Personal Data; (iii) it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, but we still need it to establish, exercise, or defend of a legal claim; (iv) you have exercised your Right to Object (below) and we are in the process of verifying our legitimate grounds for processing. We may continue to use your Personal Data after a restriction request under certain circumstances.
Direct Marketing Opt Out.
You can change your mind at any time about your election to receive marketing communications from us and/or having your Personal Data processed for direct marketing purposes. If you do, please notify us by contacting us at
support@dev.minute.ly
.
We will process your request as soon as reasonably possible, however it may take a few days for us to update our records before any opt out is effective.
Right to Object.
You can object to any processing of your Personal Data which has our legitimate interests as its legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests. If you raise an objection, we have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.
Withdrawal of Consent.
You may withdraw your consent in connection with any processing of your Personal Data based on a previously granted consent. This will not affect the lawfulness of any processing prior to such withdrawal.
Right to Lodge a Complaint with Your Local Supervisory Authority
. You may have the right to submit a complaint to the relevant supervisory data protection authority if you have any concerns about how we are processing your Personal Data, though we ask that as a courtesy you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first.
Data Retention
Subject to applicable law, we retain Personal Data as necessary for the purposes set forth above. We may delete information from our systems without notice to you once we deem it is no longer necessary for these purposes. Retention by any of our processors may vary in accordance with the processor’s retention policy.
In some circumstances, we may store your Personal Data for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax, audit, accounting requirements and so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to your Personal Data or dealings. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data, and whether those purposes can be achieved through other means, as well as applicable legal requirements.
Please contact us at
support@dev.minute.ly
if you would like details regarding the retention periods for different types of your Personal Data.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies on our Site for a number of reasons, including to help personalize your experience and to personalize the ads we serve you. Third parties through which we provide the Services and/or our business partners may be placing and reading cookies on your browser or using web beacons to collect information in the course of advertising being served on different websites. When visiting this Site, you shall be notified of the use of and placement of cookies and other similar technologies on your device as specified herein.
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a small piece of text that is sent to a user’s browser or device. The browser provides this piece of text to the device of the originating user when this user returns.
A “session cookie” is temporary and will remain on your device until you leave the Site.
A “persistent” cookie may be used to help save your settings and customizations across visits. It will remain on your device until you delete it.
First-party cookies are placed by us, while third-party cookies may be placed by a third party. We use both first- and third-party cookies.
We may use the terms “cookies” to refer to all technologies that we may use to store data in your browser or device or that collect information or help us identify you in the manner described above, such as web beacons or “pixel tags”.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies for a number of reasons, as specified below.
The specific names and types of the cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies we use may change from time to time. However, the cookies we use generally fall into one of the following categories:
Type of Cookie
Why We Use These Cookies
Necessary
These cookies are necessary in order to allow the Site to work correctly. They enable you to access the Site, move around, and access different services, features, and tools. Examples include remembering previous actions (e.g. entered text) when navigating back to a page in the same session. These cookies cannot be disabled.
Functionality
These cookies remember your settings and preferences and the choices you make (such as language or regional preferences) in order to help us personalize your experience and offer you enhanced functionality and content.
Security
These cookies can help us identify and prevent security risks. They may be used to store your session information to prevent others from changing your password without your login information.
Performance
These cookies can help us collect information to help us understand how you use our Site, for example whether you have viewed messages or specific pages and how long you spent on each page. This helps us improve the performance of our Site.
Analytics
These cookies collect information regarding your activity on our Site to help us learn more about which features are popular with our users and how our Site can be improved.
Advertising
These cookies are placed by our third-party vendors in order to deliver content, including ads relevant and meaningful to you and your interests. They may also be used to deliver targeted advertising or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. This can help track how efficient advertising campaigns are. Such cookies may track your browsing habits and activity when visiting our Site and those of third-parties.
How to Adjust Your Preferences
Most Web browsers are initially configured to accept cookies, but you can change this setting so your browser either refuses all cookies or informs you when a cookie is being sent. In addition, you are free to delete any existing cookies at any time. Please note that some features of the Services may not function properly when cookies are disabled or removed. For example, if you delete cookies that store your account information or preferences, you will be required to input these each time you visit.
By changing your device settings, you can prevent your device’s ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising, or you can reset your device’s ad identifier. Typically, you can find the ad identifier settings under “privacy” or “ads” in your device’s settings, although settings may vary from device to device. Adjusting your preferences as described in this section herein does not mean you will no longer receive advertisements, it only means the advertisements that you do see will be less relevant to your interests.
Third-Party Applications and Services
All use of third-party applications or services is at your own risk and subject to such third party’s terms and privacy policies.
Communications
We reserve the right to send you service-related communications, including service announcements and administrative messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. Should you not wish to receive such communications, you may cancel your account.
Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of sixteen (16).
Changes to the Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time to keep it up to date with legal requirements and the way we operate our business, and we will place any updates on this webpage. Please come back to this page every now and then to make sure you are familiar with the latest version. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will seek to inform you by notice on our Site or per email.
Comments and Questions
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Notice or if you wish to exercise any of your legal rights as set out herein, please contact us at
support@dev.minute.ly
.
Last updated:
May 2021
This website uses cookies to enhance your visit and provide you with information tailored to your interests. For more information on our use of cookies please see our
Privacy Notice
ACCEPT
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by
GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Sub-policy 5
https://www.alive5.com/privacy-policy?external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true:
403
Forbidden
Sub-policy 6
https://vimeo.com/privacy?external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true:
Solutions
Video marketing
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Event marketing
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Employee communication
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Video monetization
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Create
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Manage
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Grow
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
DEMO VIDEOS
Get to know everything Vimeo can do for your business.
Watch now
Resources
Learn
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Connect
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Best of the Year
Browse Videos
Staff Picks
Categories
Channels
On Demand
Pricing
Contact Sales
Log in
Join
Help
Pricing
Log in
Join
Settings
Language
Mature content filter
Watch
More
Vimeo OTT
On Demand
Stock
Vimeo Experts
For Hire
Referrals
Legal
Terms
Privacy
U.S. State Privacy
Copyright
Cookies
Log in
Join
Login
Solutions
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
Resources
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Pricing
Contact Sales
Search
Search
Upload
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Cookies
Desktop site
Language
English
Español
Deutsch
Français
日本語
Português
한국어
FAQ
Help
TM + © 2025 Vimeo.com, Inc.
Sub-policy 7
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy?external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 8
https://www.tremorvideo.com/privacy-policy/?external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated January 31, 2024
We, at the Nexxen (“
Company
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”), understand that your privacy is important to you. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and disclose information collected through our web-based, connected-TV and other services.
If you have any questions, please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com.
1. The Company and our Services
The Company operates several platforms and services that comprise our “Services.”
As further described below, through our Services, we work with websites, web services, content publishers, mobile applications, and various platforms (such as connected TVs, aka “CTV” platforms) that provide services for those types of organizations to help them display personalized and more engaging ads on their properties. In many cases, providing personalized ads help businesses of all sizes (including small and mid-sized businesses) to get their name out, and help website operators, content publishers, app developers and platform owners to subsidize the cost of their content – often, allowing them to provide consumers with some or all of their content for free.  We also work with advertisers (and their service providers) – brands, retailers, entertainment companies, non-profits and others – to help them advertise in a way that is efficient and relevant to both them and the consumer.   We use data in a variety of ways to help support these businesses, and likewise provide a variety of ways for consumers to control how data is used to market to them.  The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain what that data is, how it is used, and what those choices are.
2. The Information We Collect and Use in Providing Our Services
We help advertisers and publishers provide more relevant content and targeted advertising by collecting certain information about you, including when you interact with our Services.  This may include your interactions with our customers, which include:
(a) advertisers and other ad partners (collectively, “
Advertisers
”) to show you ads that we think may interest you, on our Services and on other companies’ websites, apps, and devices; and
(b) publishers, app developers and other customers who CTVs, web and mobile apps or other online services (collectively, “
Publishers
”).
In this Privacy Policy, when we use the term “
Customers
”, we are referring to both Advertisers and Publishers, as described above.
Sometimes we work with other marketing or advertising services, demand partners, service providers or data platforms who provide certain services (such as measurement and analytics solutions) to us as well as Customers; we refer to these companies as “
Partners
.”
We (or our Customers or Partners) may provide relevant content and targeted advertising to consumers by using automated technologies such as cookies, including non-HTTP cookies, pixel tags, mobile identifiers and SDKs, each of which we describe below, and in
Section 3
below titled, “Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies”.   These technologies often generate or collect unique identifiers, such as cookie IDs or mobile advertising IDs.
We describe below these and other categories of information that we receive from consumers’ operating systems, browsers and devices, as well as from Customers, Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers. Some companies may fit into more than one such category. We have tried to describe the information that we collect or receive in a way that is easy to understand:
a. Information that you provide to us directly
We collect certain information that you provide to us, including your contact and other information – for example, when you visit our site or when you contact us.
You may also interact with and provide information to us in other ways, including but not limited to when you complete a survey, enter a contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes, connect with us at a tradeshow, or choose to hear from us or participate in our marketing or promotion campaigns. When you do so, we collect the information you provide to us.
If you submit to us a request to access or delete your information, we will collect your contact information and other information, as needed, to respond to your request.
b. Identifiers automatically collected from website and app sources,whether directly or through other content and information platforms, including:
Online cookie IDs;
Mobile advertising identifiers (e.g., IDFAs, Ad IDs) and other mobile device or browser identifiers;
IP addresses;
Wi-Fi access points;
Product model numbers;
Chipset IDs; and
Identifiers related to the device used, such as CTVs (e.g. name of device and any “friendly name” assigned by you to the device)
We refer to all of the above as “IDs.“
c. Online usage information or “log” information
We collect data about your interactions with our site and the Services. Such data is generally related to the above IDs and include:
Language and region settings;
Data related to or describing a web browser, operating system, and device, such as the name and version of your browser, as well as hardware and software version of the app;
Connection data, including current IP address, from which location may be inferred;
Online usage data including websites visited, websites visited prior to a web visit, date/time stamp;
Information related to interactions with ads and marketing, such as consumer engagement with an ad (i.e. ads that you view and click);
Information related to interactions with websites, such as whether a consumer was “referred” through another website or a shared link;
TV viewership data (including information about the content and programs viewed, and amount of time spent viewing Smart TV content, as further described in this Section 2 on “Viewing Data” below); and
We may link any of the above to our own or our Partners’ and Customers’ IDs.
We receive the above information from Customers and Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers.
d. Demographic and Interest-Based Information
We may collect, use, or create “audience segments” (also referred to as “data segments), which are generally used to tailor advertising and marketing to consumers and to analyze consumer interaction with such ads.  Audience segments are interest-based or demographic-based groupings of large numbers of users, generally in aggregated form, tied to the above IDs.  For instance, an inference that Ad ID X35%979J is interested is “Sports” might be drawn from the fact that the browser often views sports-related content.  Or, an inference that Cookie ID 4Qj7e9!x may be interested in a new car may be drawn from the corresponding browsers frequent search of new automobile reviews. Actual IDs are generally much longer strings of code; the above are simply used for illustration.
Sometimes these inferences are made from “offline data” that is coded and linked to cookies and IDs (and further linked to our own cookies and IDs) by Partners that create “hashed” (coded) values to replace “real-world” identifiers such as email addresses.
Sometimes these inferences are made from demographic information (“protected classifications” for purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act).
Sometimes, these audience segments are associated with the likelihood to have a particular health condition. A list of our standard health segments is
here
. (We endeavor to update the list frequently, but the list may not be current to the precise date.)   In addition, we may sometimes create “custom” health-related segments, or work with Customers or Partners who use such segments.  Those “custom” segments change over time, but a representative sample is included. Note that such information is only collected/processed at an aggregate level and solely in the U.S. and Canada.
e. Transactional information from our Customers
Our Customers may provide us with their own proprietary or licensed information, including “audience segments” described above, to help us better perform or deliver our Services.
f. Geolocation Information
The mobile information we collect or receive from our Partners and Customers also may include geolocation information, that may help us or our Customers to target ads or tailor content to your location. For instance, if we believe that you are often near a particular store in Northern New Jersey, we might send you an ad targeted to that store, rather than another store in the general area.
g. Viewing Data
We provide advertising services to certain Smart TV and connected devices (like Hisense and VIDAA Smart TVs), which, like many CTVs, are equipped with Automatic Content Recognition (“ACR”) functionality that (when enabled) allow us to collect certain information from the device in order to provide personalized advertising and measurement based on the programming  or ads watched on those devices and other devices connected to the same IP address.
What is Viewing Data?
When enabled on the Smart TV device, we will use audio-based ACR technology to collect information about the programming content (e.g. TV channels and shows, movies, and advertisements watched) playing on the device, including content from any media players, gaming consoles, over-the-air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through the Smart TV. We call this information the “
Viewing Data
” and this also includes information such as timestamp, IP address, and Smart TV device identifier.
The ACR technology captures a “fingerprint” from the Smart TV, and the fingerprint is mapped against a content repository and ad catalog to identify what was played through the TV. Content or ad ID, IP address, device ID, and other metadata are appended to the audio fingerprint. These identifiers are ingested into the Company’s platform and mapped to a Household ID, and then aggregated with other data sources.  The ACR process will associate the data collected with the device’s IP address, but otherwise does not utilize directly identifiable personal information for the purposes of personalized advertising or measurement.
For example, we may collect TV viewing information such as the programs, commercials, and channels you view, the date, time and duration of the viewing. It may also include information about the TV or display, including IP address and SmartTV device ID.
How is Viewing Data used and shared?
To create audience segments: We use Viewing Data, such as the content, programs or ads watched on your Smart TV, to include you and your household in relevant audience segments for interest-based advertising, as described below. A segment is a grouping of consumer profiles by one or more attributes (e.g. food fans, sports enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.). Individuals are identified by a digital identifier (like an IP address) in these segments but are not identifiable by name or other personal information that directly reveals their identity. We also share these audience segments with our Partners for their own purposes, including to enable their interest-based advertising activities.
Targeting Personalized Ads: We use Viewing Data to help us, and our Partners, target and show you personalized ads that we think may interest you or other members of your household (a practice known as “interest-based advertising“) across your devices, based on the audience segments created from your Viewing Data (as described above). These ads may be shown to you on your Smart TV or other linked devices sharing the same IP address.
Audience Measurement: We use Viewing Data to generate measurement reports to help us and our Partners understand the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads and how they responded.  We collect information such as the creative and placement ID, IP address, and whether you viewed or interacted with an ad.
Linking devices for household targeting: With the assistance of our third-party service providers, we use the IP address collected from your Smart TV to identify “households” (a group of linked devices sharing the same IP address broadcast by a modem). This allows us and our Partners to deliver personalized advertising to you and other members of your household across various devices (such as mobile phones and tablets) and browsers based on audience segments associated with your household. If you do not enable, or if you otherwise opt-out of personalized advertising on your Smart TV, we will no longer collect and use your Smart TV IP address to identify your household for personalized advertising purposes. However, once you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see personalized advertising on devices that were previously targeted based on Viewing Data that was shared when personalized advertising was still enabled on your Smart TV, prior to the opt-out.
Our Partners: More information about each of our Partners and how they may use data about you and your household is available at:
https://nexxen.com/acr-data-partners
How can I turn OFF or ON the Viewing Data (ACR) feature?
The option to enable ACR (and related functionality) is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR (and related functionality) at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Turning the Viewing Data feature off or on will affect only the Smart TV where you have made that selection. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information on Viewing Data and your choices.
h. Further Description of Technologies
For additional explanation of the technologies through which IDs and other data are collected, please see
Section 3
further below regarding cookies, pixel tags and SDKs.  We may use cookies, pixel tags, SDKs and similar technologies to collect the above information, or to associate certain types of information with each other.
i. Information collected from other sources
We also may obtain other behavioral and demographic data from trusted third-party data sources. We may use this data to draw inferences about your preferences, choices, and interests to provide you with customized ads about products and services tailored to your individual interests. We may collect and combine information about your online activities over time and across devices, apps, websites and online services to provide you with customized ads.
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies
The Company (along with our Partners and Customers) uses a variety of technology to collection information.  These are listed and described below.
a. Pixels
A tracking “pixel” is a transparent graphic image (usually a 1 x 1 pixel) that is placed on a web page and allows for the collection of information regarding the use of the web page that contains the tracking pixel. The Company collects technical and usage information through the use of tracking pixels.
b. Cookies
A “cookie” is a string of stored code used by a website to send some data to a user’s device.  Depending on the settings of the device or web browser this data may be stored on the user’s device so that the device can later return that data to the same website.  Cookies can be used with online services, such as websites, email deliveries or advertising technologies, to recognize an Internet or mobile-connected device that they have encountered before.  We use cookies to, among other things, “remember” you, track user trends, and collect information about how you use Customer’s sites or interact with the advertising we (or others) deliver on their behalf. We likewise use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. We also use cookies when you visit our site.
c. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We also sometimes use, or partner with, Publishers or Publisher-facing and app developer platforms that use mobile SDKs to collect information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and information connected to how mobile devices interact with our Services and those using our Services.  A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon (see “Pixels,” above).  The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented.  We may use this technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 6 (“
Your Choices
”) below.
d. Third Party Suppliers and Vendors
The Company works with third party technology or service providers that provide us with hosting, serving, general campaign or site analytics, ad serving data, or demographic and other audience data about the use and viewership of our Customers’ advertising, or websites that display such advertising. Such third-party providers may utilize pixels, cookies, flash cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies that may be activated when our advertising Customers’ advertisement is encountered on a Publisher. In all instances where the use, collection and disclosure of information is by one of these third-party providers, their privacy policies governs and this Privacy Policy does not apply.
e.
Disabling Cookies
Most Web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of our Services may be difficult to use or inoperable.  In addition, we may use (or work with certain third-party companies that use) techniques other than or in addition to HTTP cookies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity, including those integrated with our Services.  These technologies may rely on the collection and analysis of “non-cookie” information from your browser or device, such as your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, resolution, and other data, for purposes of creating a unique profile or “fingerprint” of your browser or device.    We (or other third parties) may use this profile to understand and analyze how you interact with the Services, to customize content or advertising to you through the Services, to monitor against fraud or misuse of the Services, or in other ways consistent with this Privacy Policy.  Please note that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these techniques, and those browser settings that block conventional cookies may have no effect on such techniques.
4. The Business Purposes For Which We Use and Share the Information We Collect
a. Our Purposes Generally
Principally, we use the information described in
Section 2
to operate, provide, develop and improve our Services.   This involves facilitating various types of advertising and marketing to make them more effective, more relevant, and more likely to engage and interest consumers.
b. Personalized Advertising
This includes facilitating and providing behavioral advertising, i.e., tailoring advertising and content using the types of “audience segments” or “data segments” (and other, related types of information) we describe in
Section 2
above.   As we also describe in
Section 2
, these audience segments may be based on your activity across multiple websites or mobile apps over time, on your transactions, on your location, or on coded or “hashed” data derived from offline demographic and interest data.  Generally, the tailoring of ads to devices and browsers (and sometimes through other channels) based on this type of data is called “interest-based” or “personalized” advertising. Please go to
Section 6
to learn about what choices you have to control how you are marketed to in this way.
c.
Other Advertising and Analytics Purposes
We also use the information to analyze, measure the effectiveness of, frequency-cap or sequence advertising.   For instance, we may use the information we collect to compare how many “clicks” the recipients of one ad campaign receive vs. a different ad campaign.  Or, we may track which users have seen which ads, to avoid a user being shown the same ad repeatedly.
d. Syncing Identifiers
We sometimes integrate our information with Partners, to allow Advertisers to access our information across other platforms (and their information across our platform), in order to allow Advertisers to reach more consumers across various channels.  This may include online, offline, social media or television advertising.
e.
Identity Graphing
We may also create or help our Customers or Partners to create “identity” graphs, to help locate users across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers (e.g., IP address).
f.
Statistical information
We may use statistical information about you or your devices such as generalized location and estimated age group. We obtain this statistical information from commercially available sources (as permitted by law) such as our third-party service providers. We only work with third-party service providers who ensure that this information has been obtained in accordance with applicable law and can be provided to us for use and disclosure.
g. Other Business Purposes
We also may also use the information we collect for internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting and preventing security incidents, anti-fraud purposes, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance.
5. Why And With Whom We Share the Information We Collect
a. To Provide our Services
Generally, we share the information that we collect in order to perform our Services, including for purposes of targeting advertising, performing analytics on ads, and measuring ad performance.
We share the information we collect with our Customers, who are a wide range of businesses, retailers, content publishers, non-profit entities, business-to-business service companies and other consumer brands, as well as their ad agencies and service providers.
We also share information with our Partners and other companies that provide services to us. For example, we use email or other contact information to resolve Customer support inquiries, and IP address and advertising identifiers with service providers.
We may share personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our Services.
b. For Legal Purposes
We may share any information we have with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts, or to investigate potential violations thereof; (c) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our Customers, our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public.  We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
c.
In the Event of a Corporate Transaction
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate transaction, including, for example, a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
d.
With Corporate Affiliates
We share information within the Nexxen Group in order to operate our site and Services, perform data analytics, design and execute advertising and marketing campaigns, conduct product management, and/or engineer or improve and develop new products or services.
e.
With Partners
We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners to assist in our advertising and marketing efforts and show ads that may interest you. The Advertisers we use (including their service providers) may rely on pixel tags and similar technologies to collect information from or about you to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. We may also compile and provide reports, including in aggregated or de-identified forms, to Advertisers about the reach, viewership and effectiveness of their campaigns. We use information to help our Customers to reach the desired audience and improve their ad campaigns.
Summary Analytics and Reports. We may, with our Customers and Partners, analyze Viewing Data to create summary reports to help deliver relevant information and advertising to interested groups of consumers.  These summary reports are built from automated analysis of data elements, without connecting the information to any known natural person.  For example, a Customer who is an Advertiser may want to measure the effectiveness of their promotions in the aggregate.  Thus, a Partner may identify another device that shares an IP address or display and analyze: (a) whether a particular website was viewed or commercial location was visited by a device with location tracking enabled (e.g., a smartphone) after a related promotion was viewed, and (b) whether a particular program was viewed following exposure to a promotion for that program.  In addition, some Partners may use a third-party data aggregator to identify demographic or other attributes or traits (such as gender or age range or income range or behavioral data) associated with the IP addresses collected, and then send to Customers the demographic information associated with those addresses.
Personalized Advertisements. As further described in Section 2 above, audience segments may be shared with Customers and Partners for the purpose of targeting and tailoring the advertising you see on certain Smart TV and connected devices, including other devices associated with your IP address or device ID on the basis of Viewing Data. Viewing Data may also be enhanced with household demographic data and data about digital actions (e.g., digital purchases, location, and other consumer behavior taken by devices associated with the IP address collected) for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising that are likely to be useful or timely.
We may work with Google to deliver advertising opportunities to its clients. You can consult
Google’s policies
to learn more about Google’s processing policies.
f.
With advertising measurement providers and services
We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners and their service providers in order to help us and our Advertisers understand information about the content and ads viewed, and the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads, how they engaged or responded, determine which programs are most popular, how many people watch a program to its conclusion, and whether and how often people watch commercials.
The measurement providers we use collect or receive information about your viewing of or interaction with content and ads, including ads that you view on your Smart TV and ads you view on other websites, mobile apps, and connected devices (including Smart TVs) to which we provide advertising services. We also share demographics data and audience segments (e.g., food fans, sport enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.) with advertising measurement providers and their service providers. Viewing Data may also be combined with other demographic and similar information, including by working with data aggregators.
Measurement providers use such information to create statistics about what content and ads are being watched – for example, to help them and their clients understand the audience viewing the content or ads, and to measure the effectiveness of the ads.
Through our advertising services, we provide measurement and analytics solutions to other companies. In providing these services, we analyze and reorganize ad campaign data from these companies and provide analytics reports to help them better understand the audience that viewed the company’s ads and whether those viewers belong to the same household.
6. Your Choices: How To Opt-Out of Tracking (Interest-Based Advertising) on Web Browsers and Mobile Devices
a
.
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising
We follow the Digital Advertising Alliance industry privacy standards for online behavioral advertising. To learn more about the program and its principles, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). We are a member of, and adhere to, the industry standards of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC). To learn more about the program please visit the
DAAC
.”We are a member of, and adhere to, the self-regulatory principles of the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA). To learn more about interest-based advertising or to opt-out of this type of interest-based advertising by those third parties that are members of DAA’s opt-out program, please go to
https://www.aboutads.info/.
We are a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in digital advertising.  To learn more about the NAI and its members, or to opt out of interest-based advertising facilitated by NAI members, visit
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
You may also opt out of our own interest-based advertising on those same web pages, or you can simply visit our
Opt-Out Page
.
We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites.
You can also opt-out of targeted advertising based on data collected via your browser by using  (i) the DAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
; (ii) the DAAC’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
; or (iii) the EDAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
.
You may always opt out of our targeted advertisements by clicking on the opt-out button on the relevant device. Such opt-out will affect only the device where you have made that selection. After you opt out, we will no longer collect this information to deliver targeted ads on such device. Ads may continue to be served based on information available in the Internet environment, such as the content of a web page, browser type, time of day and operating system. If you have opted out of our advertising cookies and other similar tracking technologies on a device and subsequently delete the “opt out” cookie from your browser on such device, change your browser, or buy a new computer/device, you will need to repeat this process and opt out again. When you opt out, we will stop (a) collecting information about your interests via your browser and (b) serving you targeted advertising based on the data collected via your browser. We will subsequently place a piece of data in your browser’s cookie that tells us that you have opted out – it does not contain any data about you except for the fact that you have opted out. We need this cookie in place so that we know not to collect information about your interests and serve you targeted advertising based on your interests in the future.  Our “opt-out” cookie has a 13-month expiration date.
Anyone who has provided personal contact information through our site may e-mail us at privacyrights@nexxen.com to update, delete, and/or correct their personal information.
b.
In-App Data Opt-Out
You may opt out of the continued collection of mobile app interest-based advertising through your mobile device settings, as applicable to most (but not necessarily all) mobile devices.   Please go to the
NAI “Mobile Choices” web page
for further information about how to do this.  When you do this, we will no longer use information collected through your mobile apps to deliver behaviorally targeted advertising to your device. Please note that you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests.
c.
Viewed Content Advertising and Smart TVs
If you choose to activate this functionality, we may collect certain information on certain Smart TV and connected devices equipped with automatic content recognition (ACR) functionality in order to provide personalized advertising based on the programs or ads being watched on those devices, other devices with the same IP address, or browsers. We refer to the information collected as “Viewing Data” in this Policy. If you have opted-in to activating ACR on such device, the ACR functionality will continuously analyze audio from any onscreen content accessed or displayed on your Smart TV at that moment, including content from any set-top-boxes, media players, gaming consoles, over the air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through your Smart TV.  For more information, see Section 2 above on “Viewing Data”.
The option to enable ACR is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information.
7. Do Not Track
Although certain of our technology honors “do not track” (DNT) signals and similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers or mobile device operating systems, we are not responsible, and shall not be liable, for the acts of third parties, such as ad networks, with respect to such third parties’ tracking policies. We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers’ opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites.
8. Children
Our site and Services are neither developed for, nor directed at, children under the age of 16.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from nor employ or offer targeting towards children under the age of 16.  If you believe your child, who is under the age of 16, has provided us with personal information, please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com and we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
9. Where We Store Personal Data
We are a global company with affiliates, varied business processes, management structures and technical systems around the world. Information that we collect or that is collected on our behalf may be stored on connected devices (including Smart TV) to which we provide advertising or measurement and analytics services, or on our servers, and may be transferred to, accessed from, or stored and processed globally in any other country where we or our service providers maintain facilities or call centers, including jurisdictions that may have different data privacy laws from those in your home country. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order or the provision of support services. We strive to transfer your information where there are appropriate measures and controls in place, and we strive to ensure that all information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
10. For European Residents: About your GDPR Privacy Rights
If you are located in Europe, you may have certain right under European privacy law, principally the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).   This Section of the Privacy Policy is intended solely for, and is applicable only as to, such consumers, i.e., “data subjects”; if you are not an EEA resident (or otherwise located in an EEA country), this does not apply to you and you should not rely on it.
Nexxen participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Nexxen operates Consent Management Platform with the identification numbers 23 and 36.
a.
Our legal bases for using personal information
All organizations need a legal reason to use your personal information. There are a number of legal grounds that enable data processing. Below are the most relevant grounds of which you should be aware.
With your consent
There are some activities where we process personal information with your consent. For example, where we want to send you marketing messages by email, we would ask your permission first and you could opt out at any time.
For a legitimate interest
We may use your information where there is a legitimate interest to do so. For example, we may use your information where it would help achieve our business objectives or to facilitate a benefit to you or someone else.  Our legitimate interests in processing personal data include:
to develop, deliver and maintain relevant and engaging products, services and/or advertising;
understanding when audiences engage with our Customers’ ads;
to build a clearer understanding of who our Customer’s audiences are in order to better serve more relevant advertising to those audiences, for the benefit of both individuals and our Customers;
to maximize advertising revenues for publishers and therefore help to maintain a diverse ecosystem of online independent publishers of content for users to enjoy and educate themselves;
to support individual and societal rights to receive information;
to improve user website experience by delivering brand safe, high quality advertising to all of the publishers of online content with which we work;
to carry on the business of a commercial organization;
to demonstrate that we provide services and products to agreed industry standards; and
sharing information with the Nexxen Group companies for analysis, audience insights, business efficiencies, content personalization and to deliver relevant advertising.
To comply with legal obligations
There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or to defend claims.
b. Exercising Your Data Subject Rights Under the GDPR
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time by contacting us at privacyrights@nexxen.com or you may visit our
Manage User Data page
, where you may make an “access” or “right to know” request, or request that we “opt out” your personal information from our active database.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us at
privacyrights@nexxen.com
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time, by contacting us at privacyrights@nexxen.com or (as to information that we use in our Services), by going to
[your data page]
.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
External EU and UK Data Protection Officer
ePrivacy
GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
Burchardstraße 14, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
For all request concerning the security of your data you can contact our privacy team and data protection officer at
privacy@nexxen.com
.
If you have a particularly sensitive request, please contact our data protection officer by postal mail. The communication by email can always be flawed by security gaps.
11. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
12. Data Retention
Personal information we collect may be retained for as long as needed to fulfill legitimate business purposes. The Company expires certain cookies, including cookies directed to European users, after 12 months. Except as permitted by law, we may retain aggregated and anonymized user information (e.g., to create group-level data), for an indefinite period but usually no more than 2 years.
13. Information Security
We take measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data we collect and store.  These may include internal reviews of our data collection, storage, firewalls and processing practices and security measures.  Of course, no security system is perfect.   Thus, while we do take measures to safeguard against unauthorized access to, or alteration of data we collect and store, we cannot guarantee that it will not be disclosed or accessed inadvertently or through the unauthorized acts of others.
14. California “Shine the Light” Law
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) permits California residents to request and receive, once per calendar year and free of charge, information about our sharing of your personal information (if any) with third parties for their own direct marketing use.  We do not share the information subject to that law for those covered purposes.   For information about other California privacy rights you may have, please see the below sections.
15. Privacy Rights and Information for Residents of California and Other Applicable States
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to residents of California. Other states’ laws (upon becoming effective) provide similar (though not identical) rights to their own residents – including residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Other Applicable States”).  This Section of the Privacy Policy applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of one of those states, or of California (“California Consumer”), when we act in the capacity as a business or controller as defined by the laws of such states.   This Addendum supplements the information and disclosures in the Privacy Policy for residents of those states that recognize these particularized rights.
The following sets forth the categories of information we collect and purposes for which we may use Consumers’ personal information. (Examples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily collect that type of information or identifier.)
Our Collection of Consumer Personal Information
Depending on how you interact with us, we may collect about you the categories of information summarized in the table below. The following table also describes how we collect and use such categories of information.  We do not knowingly collect consumer information deemed “sensitive” under the CCPA, such as information that reveals race, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation or information about specific medical conditions.
Category (examples for each are statutory; all may not be collected)
Business Purpose
Categories of Sources
Identifiers, e.g., name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Data compilers and consumer data platforms and aggregators, informational and retail websites (“Commercial Source Categories”)Consumers (through browsers, apps, and mobile devices) (“Consumers”)Ad networks Our affiliates (“Affiliates”), including the following: Addination Amobee ANZ Pty Ltd Amobee Asia Pte Amobee EMEA Ltd Amobee Ltd Nexxen Group US Holdings Inc Perk.com Canada Inc. SpearAd Taptica Inc Unmedia Video Distribution Sdn Bhd Unruly Group, LLC Unruly Media KK Unruly Media Pte. Ltd Unruly Media Pty Ltd
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or other US law (inferenced or actual, including self-reported)
e.g., race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported)
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesConsumersAd networksOur affiliates
Commercial or transactions information
e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, including regarding cannabis products and services.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesOur affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity information
e.g., browsing history; online interests.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Geolocation data
e.g., latitude/longitude coordinates from mobile devices
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
e.g., current or past job history or job title.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesPublic records and other publicly available sources
Inferenced Data
e.g., consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Our Disclosure, Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
We may share and sell the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes, with service providers and with third parties including our Customers, advertising platforms, and those advertising platforms’ customers.  These business purposes often involve cross-context behavioral advertising, also known as “targeted” advertising.
The table below describes how and with whom we share or disclose personal information, and whether we believe we have “sold” or “shared” a particular category of information in the prior 12 months.   “Sharing” information is a concept defined under California privacy laws (but not necessarily other states’ privacy laws) and includes using (or permitting others to use) the information we collect for cross-context or “targeted” advertising.  (In our case – because we often earn money in exchange for making available information for advertising purposes – we may be involved in both a “sale” and a “share” of that information.)
For maximal transparency, we have been deliberately inclusive in our terminology, by including within categories both types of third parties (e.g., “retailers”) and types of platforms through which those third parties might access data (e.g., “advertising networks”). We reiterate that examples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily sell, disclose, and/or share that type of information or identifier.
Category
Categories of Third Parties We May Share With
Whether We “Sold” or “Shared” This Category of Personal Information in the Last 12 Months
Identifiers
, e.g., name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or US law (inferenced or actual)
e.g., race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported)
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Commercial or transactions information
e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Internet or other electronic network activity information
e.g., browsing history; online interests.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Professional or employment-related information
e.g., current or past job history or job title.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Inference Data
e.g., consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Please see the below sections to learn the purposes for which we collect and share personal information.
Our Business for Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We
collect
and
share
the personal information that we collect for the below purposes, as we also have described in our Privacy Policy and/or our website.
Online targeting, for example:
Creating or helping to create defined audience segments based on common demographics and/or shared (actual or inferred) interests or preferences (e.g., households with prospective students).  These audience segments may be based on the collective website behavior of consumers and indicate whether a consumer is likely to want to make a particular type of purchase or engage in a particular type of commercial behavior.   We also sometimes work with a data partner that “matches” our or other Information through coded identification techniques (such as through coded data “hashing”) with online cookies and other identifiers to target and measure ad campaigns online across various display, mobile and other media channels.We also create or assisting customers in creating or enhancing “identity” graphs to help locate consumers across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers (e.g., IP address, email address)We also use the personal information we collect or receive online to provide related services, such as for measuring the effectiveness of and otherwise analyzing ad campaigns.
We use personal information for other internal purposes, for example:
For internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting security incidents, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance.We sometimes use the personal information collected from our own website, from social networks, from other “business to business” interactions (such as at trade shows) or from data compilers for the above purposes, as well as for our own marketing purposes.
We also may share any of the personal information we collect for other legal, corporate or operational purposes. Sharing for legal purposes.  For instance,
we may share personal information with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, legal rights, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our customers, our agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public.  Sharing to prevent consumer harm or fraud.  We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.Sharing for purposes of a corporate transaction.  We may also share personal information in the event of a major corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
Sharing With Service Providers:
We share any personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include (for instance) providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our services.
Sharing of Aggregate Information:
We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (“
Aggregate/De-Identified Information
”). We may use Aggregate/De-Identified Information for any purpose, including, without limitation, for research and marketing purposes, and we may also share such data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors, in our discretion.
Our Retention of Information
We retain personal information as a “business” or “controller” under applicable state privacy laws if it is relevant and useful for purposes of our products and services or we have a legal or compliance reason to do so, and provided the information is not subject to a valid request for deletion.  (We may retain information after deletion where legally permitted or required for a legal compliance, auditing or accounting reason.)
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
As noted above, residents of certain U.S. states have particular privacy rights, including residents of California and (upon various “effective” dates occurring during 2023) Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Applicable State Residents”).  The scope and nature of these rights vary in each state, so we have sought to explain these rights in the most transparent and uniform terms, below.
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents, as well as residents of the Applicable States, have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect from you, to delete that information, and to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, subject to certain restrictions.  If you are a resident of such a state, you also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf (so long as your state of residence continues to recognize that right).
This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests.  (To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.)
We may withhold these rights to the extent that the law in your state of residence does not recognize or no longer recognizes these rights.
Note that sometimes, we act only as a “service provider” or “processor” to our customers (for instance, if they provide information to us solely to use our marketing or data management tools), in which case any consumer requests for opt-out, deletion or access to data must be made through that client: we therefore will forward any such requests to a named client, where feasible.
a. The right to access, correction and disclosure
You may have the right to request, twice during a twelve-month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; and
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.
You also may request correction of your personal information, such as if you believe we have incorrect information pertaining to you.
b. The right to deletion
You may have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.  We need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you, and may retain certain information for important business purposes, such as fulfilling our legal obligations, or for security, auditing or de-bugging purposes.
c. How to exercise your access and deletion rights
California residents and residents of Other Applicable States may exercise their access or deletion rights by accessing our
“Manage user data” page
or by sending an email to privacyrights@nexxen.com.
For security purposes, we will verify your identity – in part by requesting or automatically capturing certain information from you — when you request to exercise your applicable privacy rights.  For instance, you may need to provide your email address. To request that we provide you with the specific pieces of personal information we have from you or to delete personal information we have collected from you, we may also need to ask you for additional information to verify your identity.  Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above or another permissible business, security or legal purpose.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
d. The right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
e. The right to “opt-out” of the sale of your personal information
You have the right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information.  California law (for instance) broadly defines sale such that it may include, for example, allowing third parties to receive and use certain information, such as cookies IP address and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising.
If you wish to “opt out” of our “sale” of your information, i.e., for purposes of personalized advertising, we recommend employing the options we provide and explain in
Section 6
.   However, you may also visit the interactive form that we make available at to exercise your data subject rights
https://yourdata.nexxen.com
f. Authorized Agent
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights, where applicable state law (such as the CCPA) permits you to do so.   In such case, we will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a validly executed power of attorney.
g. Right to Appeal
In some states you have a right to appeal our decision about how or whether we honor your privacy rights request(s).  In the event that we inform you that we will not, or believe we cannot, honor a particular consumer request (for instance, if we have determined we cannot verify your identity, or if we believe you are not entitled to the scope of deletion you request), and you live in such a state, you may appeal our determination by emailing us at
privacyrights@nexxen.com
.
Opt-out of sale requests are often effectively accomplished through automated suppression methods, either by a consumer causing another website (such as a content publisher) to avoid selling browser-related data, or by deploying our opt-out cookie located at
https://yourdata.nexxen.com
as well as on various industry opt-out pages.  Opting out in these ways causes data associated with a consumer’s device to be effectively disassociated from their device and/or suppressed from usage.
Annual Data Requests
The table below sets forth additional privacy disclosures with respect to our processing of data subject rights requests. Between January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023, across the United States, we processed the following data subject requests of consumers:
Request Type
Number Received
Number Complied with in Whole or Part
Number Denied*
Median Response Time in Days**
Mean Response Time in Days**
Access
186
28
158
44
44
Delete
47
38
9
21
36
Opt-Out
131
15
116
45
45
*Data subject could not be verified.
** Indicates maximum response time based on fulfillment across all states.
Texas Data Broker Disclosure:
THE ENTITY MAINTAINING THIS WEBSITE IS A DATA BROKER UNDER TEXAS LAW. TO CONDUCT BUSINESS IN TEXAS, A DATA BROKER MUST REGISTER WITH THE TEXAS SECRETARY OF STATE (TEXAS SOS). INFORMATION ABOUT DATA BROKER REGISTRANTS IS AVAILABLE ON THE TEXAS SOS WEBSITE.
https://www.sos.state.tx.us/index.shtml
16. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or requests please contact us by email at privacyrights@nexxen.com or 82 Yigal Alon St. 13th Floor Tel-Aviv, 6789124 Israel.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.lotame.com/about-lotame/privacy/?external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true&external=true:
X
BREAKING NEWS
Publicis Groupe Acquires Lotame
Expanded Global Identity Footprint
Read Release
X
Careers
Request a Demo
Solutions
Spherical Platform
Curation
Data Marketplace Sellers
Data Marketplace Buyers
Panorama Identity
Connected TV
Clients
Marketers & Agencies
Publishers & Media Companies
Data Sellers
Platforms
Partner Connections
Resources
Case Studies
Strategy & Education
Company Updates
Press Releases
About Lotame
About Us
Contact Us
Team
Events
Careers
Legal
Services Agreements
Policies
EU Consent & Signaling Policy
Definitions
Privacy
Privacy Principles
Data Processing Agreements
DPA – MSA
DPA – Incoming Data
DPA – Outgoing Data
DPA – Spherical Data Buyer
DPA – Panorama ID Enrollment Terms
Privacy Notices
Corporate Privacy Notice
Services Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Privacy Manager
Transfer Impact Assessment Info
Technical & Organizational Measures
Careers
Request a Demo
Home
»
Privacy
Privacy
At Lotame, privacy is more than a list of do’s and don’ts, or policies and processes. It is foundational to Lotame’s values of trust and integrity. It is integral to our commitment to support data-driven decision-making and delivery of personalized advertising and content without sacrificing personal privacy. On this page we provide a summary of Lotame’s privacy practices. You can learn more about our privacy practices by clicking on the links provided in this summary.
Our Commitments
Earning the trust of our Business Customers and Data Partners is the foundation of our business at Lotame. We earn this trust by being transparent in our privacy commitments and by implementing a privacy program and security controls that enables our Business Customers and Data Partners to operate with the confidence that they can meet their privacy and compliance requirements globally. Maintaining that trust involves making ongoing commitments to our Business Customers and Data Partners. These commitments include:
Writing our
Privacy Notices
and contracts in plain, straightforward language to be transparent and help individuals, our Business Customers, and our Data Partners understand our privacy practices
Following our
Privacy Principles
Designing, building, and delivering products and services that respect the privacy of individuals by following the principles of Privacy by Design and Privacy by Default
Honoring an individual’s choice regarding the processing of his/her Personal Data
Lotame’s Privacy Principles and Approach to Global Data Protection and Privacy Compliance
Global Data Protection and Privacy Laws are in a constant state of flux. Every few months, another state or country introduces new legislation or amends existing legislation and regulators issue binding opinions or guidelines related to data protection and privacy. Treating these as individual checkboxes for compliance could become an infinite list of tasks, paralyzing us from innovating privacy-preserving advertising solutions at scale. Fortunately, the vast majority of these laws to date share a foundation of common principles based on the Fair Information Practice Principles. By focusing first on Fair Information Practice Principles, which are our underlying guidelines that we follow to govern our services development, collection, use, storage, and disclosure of Personal Data, Lotame has developed its own guiding set of
Privacy Principles
and has designed and continues to develop a privacy program that can scale to meet the evolving global regulatory environment related to data protection and privacy.
Privacy by Design and by Default
Lotame is committed to the responsible use of Personal Data and other information to help businesses make better decisions regarding online advertising and delivering personalized content while respecting personal privacy. Lotame’s independence, agility, and unique capabilities have made it the leader in the field of responsible data management, identity, and addressability solutions, taking personal privacy into consideration throughout the process of designing, building, and delivering our products and services.
Privacy Choices – Lotame’s Privacy Manager
Lotame offers online tools for individuals to exercise their rights given under various Data Protection and Privacy Laws regarding their Personal Data that Lotame may have. If you are an individual, please visit Lotame’s
Privacy Manager
to exercise your rights under the Data Protection and Privacy Laws applicable to you. If you are a Business Customer or Data Partner, please contact your account representative.
Accountability
Lotame’s Information Security Management System (ISMS) is certified compliant with the ISO/IEC 27001:2013 standard. You can view Lotame’s Certificate of Registration
here
.
Lotame is certified as compliant with the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Programme through TrustArc, an independent Certification Provider. You can view Lotame’s Letter of Attestation through TrustArc
here
.
Lotame is a member in good standing of the NAI.
Memberships