App Store
Preview
Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.
Screenshots
iPad
iPhone
Description
Find a Hotel or Motel in seconds!
This cool app quickly identifies your location and lets you choose the nearest hotel.
Are you looking for a Hilton Garden Inn, Holiday Inn, or Hampton Inn? In search of a nearby Spa Hotel, Boutique Hotel, or Luxury Hotel? How about a Pet Friendly, Family Friendly, or Business Hotel?
This cool app can help you locate all these hotels, and many more!
When you select a listing, you can see the hotel's location on the map, the address, telephone number, and the distance from where you are. You can also call the hotel directly by tapping on the phone icon on your iPhone.
Legal Disclaimer: Please note that this application provides the information content on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis. No warranty is expressed or implied that the search results of this application are 100% accurate or up-to-date. In no event shall the creator of this application be liable in any manner for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access, use or inability to use this application, or any errors or omissions in the information on this application. The creator of this application reserves the right at any time and from time to time to add, change, modify, update, or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this application (or any part thereof) with or without notice. The creator of this application shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any addition, modification, suspension or discontinuance of this application.
If you have an iPod touch, keep in mind that it does not have a built-in GPS; therefore, it cannot locate your position accurately.
more
What’s New
Version History
6 Jun 2017
Version 2.0.1
This app has been updated by Apple to display the Apple Watch app icon.
User Interface improvements
Minor bug fix
Ratings and Reviews
3.0
out of 5
1 Rating
1 Rating
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
Michael Quach
, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to Apple.
No Details Provided
The developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update.
Information
Provider
Michael Quach has not identified itself as a trader for this app. If you are a consumer in the European Economic Area, consumer rights do not apply to agreements between you and the provider.
Size
9.3 MB
Category
Travel
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 8.0 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 8.0 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 8.0 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English
Age Rating
4+
Copyright
© 2017 Michael Quach
Price
Free
In-App Purchases
Ad-Free Version
€2.99
App Support
App Support
More By This Developer
See All
Weird Facts 1000! Cool & True!
Books
Best Riddles & Brain Teasers!
Books
Funny Jokes for Kids & Adults
Books
Easy Weight Loss Fitness Tips!
Medical
Brain Teasers Fun Games Trivia
Reference
Beauty Tips Skin, Nail & Hair
Medical
You Might Also Like
See All
Hotels Near Me
Travel
Cheap Hotels Search Online
Travel
Hotel Booking・Hotel Discounts
Travel
Discount Hotels & Motels
Travel
LateKnock Cheap Hotels Booking
Travel
Cheap Hotels - Hotel Deals
Travel
Sub-section Policy: 