Last updated:
June 7, 2023
Zipcar, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Zipcar Canada (also referred to as “
we
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” “
Zipcar
Group
” or “
Zipcar
”) respect your privacy.  This Privacy Notice describes how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process your personal information in connection with your use of zipcar.com, zipcar.com/en‑ca (Zipcar Canada) and their related mobile sites and applications (our “
Sites
”), as well as when you join Zipcar and use our services. However, this Privacy Notice is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations not otherwise provided by law. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Notice, please contact us in one of the ways provided below.
Terms not defined in this Privacy Notice have the meaning defined in your Member Contract, which you can view when you log in to your Zipcar account, and the
Terms of Use
.
Note to EU/UK Residents
:  If you reside in member countries of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, please click
here
for our Zipcar (UK) Ltd. privacy notice.
Note to United States Residents
:  If you reside in the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Utah or Virginia in the United States, please see the
U.S. state privacy disclosures
section for additional U.S. State‑specific privacy disclosures.
Click on the links below to jump to each section:
what personal information we collect and how we use it
information automatically collected when you use our sites
children's privacy
how we disclose personal information
independent licensees
advertising and personalized content
links to third-party services
how may I review and correct my personal information?
what security measures are used to protect my personal information?
how might this privacy notice be changed?
contact information
u.s. state privacy disclosures
What personal information we collect and how we use it
The principal purposes for which we collect and store your personal and financial information are to process your application, allow you to reserve and use our vehicles, authorize payment, bill you, respond to your inquiries, improve and communicate with you about our products and services and maintain your account with us.
If you voluntarily submit information to us,
we may collect personal information including your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, or a picture of you or identifying documents.  This also includes information in your profile, or information you provide to us via an email, text or similar message, telephone call, or by other means.  Your telephone calls and other communications with us are usually recorded or monitored for quality control, training and similar purposes.  By using these communication methods, you are consenting to receiving information via these methods and the recording or monitoring of your calls and communications with Zipcar.  We use this information to create your account, provide our services and communicate with you.  From time to time, we may send marketing or other communications.  To edit your preferences, please go to your account settings page.  If during a reservation you connect or pair your mobile device with the Zipcar vehicle (for instance via Bluetooth or USB port), please unpair your device and delete any personal information stored on the vehicle’s infotainment system.
If you apply to join Zipcar
, we collect information such as personal and financial information as you proceed through the stages of our application process, membership agreement and reservation process.  In addition to your name and contact information, we will also collect your driver’s license number and the jurisdiction in which you are licensed, credit card or other payment information, a photo, and other identifying information.  In certain cases, such as if you have a non‑U.S. driver’s license, we may also collect your passport information.  We may also collect information about you such as your driving record from you, from regulatory bodies where you live, or from other third party sources.  We use this information to process your application, determine your eligibility to use our services, to verify your identity, to detect and deter fraud, theft, or abuse of our service, comply with legal and recordkeeping requirements, process your payments and other purposes.
If you join Zipcar and use our services
, we collect information about how you use our Sites and services, such as your searches for vehicles, reservations (dates, times, locations, etc.) and, your use of the Zipcar service (return time, mileage, accidents, etc.).  We may also collect precise location if you enable location‑based services on your mobile device.  We use this information to provide and optimize services for you, including for example, billing you, responding to your inquiries, providing and improving our products and services, maintaining your account with us, personalizing your Zipcar experience (e.g., by understanding your preferences), and providing personalized content and promotional offers. To learn more about how Zipcar customizes content and offers please see the
advertising and personalized content
section below.
If you use our cars
, Zipcars are equipped with vehicle tracking and anti‑theft technology that uses Global Positioning System (GPS).  GPS is a network of satellites that allows us to determine the location (latitude and longitude) of Zipcars during your reservation.  Additionally, Zipcars also have an on‑board device that may monitor the state of the vehicle from moment to moment whether or not in a reservation, and the information may include its location and driver behavior monitoring such as crash detection factors or rate of braking or acceleration.  This information is transmitted to Zipcar and stored.  Zipcar uses this information for a variety of important purposes.  For example, we may monitor or store vehicle or GPS data to help you find a car you have reserved, to assist with roadside assistance, to assist in making a car available at the place and time you have reserved, to improve our service, to assist us in enforcing our legal rights, or to locate lost or stolen Zipcars.
If you refer a friend,
we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address or phone number.  We may then send your friend one or more messages inviting your friend to join Zipcar.  Zipcar stores this information for the purpose of sending these communications and tracking the success of our referral program.  Your friend may contact us at
privacy@zipcar.com
to request that we no longer send them refer a friend messages or other messages from Zipcar.
Information automatically collected when you use our sites
When you visit our Sites or use our service
s, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a computer or mobile device, we and our third party partners automatically collect information about how you access and use the Sites and information about the device you use.  We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, location‑identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, “
tracking technologies
”) and we may use third party services or technologies to collect this information. Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with other personal information we collect directly from you or from other sources.
When you use our Sites
, our servers automatically log certain information about your use of our Sites, such as your IP address, your browser type, operating system, browser language and service provider. We also collect information about your activities on our Sites, such as the pages you visit or the ads or links you click on.  We use this for a number of purposes, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, such as:  improving our services, developing new services based on what we learn from your activity; identifying products and marketing that may be of interest to you; personalizing our service to you; and carrying out statistical analysis and research with the purpose of allowing us to better understand our members and the products/services they want.  We also use this information to provide and adapt our services to take account of the technical capabilities of our users as well as identify issues with the website and user’s experience of it.
When you visit our online services,
we may collect personal information automatically such as your IP address when you visit our websites to help us diagnose problems with our systems, for system administration, to report aggregated information to our business partners, and to audit the use of our website.  In select circumstances, we may use IP addresses to help us identify you to protect our service, site, users or others.  We also collect your browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the pages viewed on our site, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
Session Replay
:  When you visit our website, we may also record information about your browsing session on the site, including which pages you visited, your mouse clicks, movements, and page scrolling, and any text keyed into forms on the website.  We review this information to identify any technical issues in the operation of our sites and to improve the user interface on our sites.  If we use a third party to help us with this service, this information will be passed to that third party for this purpose.
Mobile Analytics
:  When you download and use our apps, we may use mobile analytics software to help us better understand the functionality of our app on your mobile device.  Our analytics may record how often you use the app, how you use the app, aggregated usage, performance data and where you downloaded the app from.
Mobile GPS and Push Notifications
:  If you allow us, when you use our apps, we may collect location markers using the GPS in your device.  Knowing approximately where you are would help the app provide you better service, such as finding the nearest Zipcar location near you.  This would also help us send you push notifications or other communications based on your location (for example, nearby special offers).  We will use push notifications to provide certain services such as emergency or other service notifications, return notifications, providing information about vehicle location, providing details regarding our products and services etc.  We will only share this information with third party providers for the purpose of providing you these services.  To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.  If you change your mind about sharing your location or receiving push notifications from the app, adjust the settings of your mobile device to turn off transmission of geolocation data or to stop transmission of push notifications at any time.
We may also collect analytics data or use third‑party analytics tools such as Google Analytics to help us measure traffic and usage trends for our services and to understand more about the demographics of our users.
For more information about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies for advertising purposes, and to learn how you may control the use of your information for these purposes, please refer to the section called
advertising and personalized content
below.
Children’s privacy
Our services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If an individual is under the age of 13, they should not use our services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that personal information.
How we disclose personal information
Zipcar shares information with third parties outside the Zipcar Group in limited circumstances such as to provide the Zipcar service, fulfill a transaction you have requested, offer you personalized services, or in other circumstances that are permitted by law and consistent with the purposes for which we collected the information.  For example, we may disclose your personal information, including GPS information from any of our vehicles, within the Zipcar Group and to contractors, advisors, consultants and service providers acting on our behalf or under our instructions, including for purposes relating to the provision, operation, maintenance, administration, promotion, improvement, and oversight of our services, Sites and advertising services, or to fulfill your requests for information or service.  If you apply for Zipcar membership, some of the information you supply may be shared with regulatory bodies and/or service providers we utilize to obtain your driving record or other personal information. In addition, if you are associated or affiliated with another primary account (for example, if you are an associate member or affiliated with a business’s or university’s account or discount plan), the primary account holder (such as a business or university) will generally have access to certain information regarding your account or your use of our services, including specific reservation details.  Zipcar shares personal data with service providers such as Sift (as detailed further below) in order to detect and prevent fraud, theft and abuse.
We may also share your personal information with our affiliate companies, including other companies owned or controlled by Zipcar for business purposes, including internal management and administrative purposes.
We may disclose your personal information in connection with a corporate transaction, proceeding, or reorganization involving the business activities for which the information is maintained.  In the event that ownership of Zipcar or its business was to change as a result of a merger, acquisition or transfer to another company, your personal information may be shared or transferred. Personal information may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership.
Zipcar may disclose your personal information, including location/GPS data, in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena) or requests from law enforcement or regulatory authorities; in other circumstances in which Zipcar believes the Sites, the Zipcar service or our vehicles are being or have been used in violation of our policies, applicable law or otherwise in the commission of a crime; when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person; or when necessary to protect the rights or property of Zipcar or third parties.
Identity verification
.  We may use identity verification services provided by a third‑party provider to verify your identity documents, confirm your identity and protect against fraud and abuse.  When you create an account, you may be asked to submit a valid driver’s license, along with a selfie image.  Our third‑party provider may use a combination of machine learning tools and optical scans to authenticate your identity document, and may use facial recognition technology to produce a unique biometric identifier based on facial geometry that can be used to compare your selfie to the image on the identity document you provided to determine the likelihood that the images are a “match.”  Please see
https://onfido.com/facial-scan-policy-and-release/
.  Zipcar does not receive the biometric identifier generated from the images.  It is generated and held by our third‑party provider until we inform them that the biometric identifier is no longer needed for the purposes described in this paragraph, which will occur no later than 3 years after your last interaction with us.  For identity verification and security purposes, Zipcar will have access to the selfie image and will receive the information extracted from the identity scan of the ID document as well as the results of the identity verification process.  We may use this process and associated information to verify your identity, authenticate your identity documents, and protect against fraud and misrepresentation.  We do not use, disclose or retain your biometric information for any other commercial purpose.  Our third‑party provider processes this information on our behalf strictly in accordance with our contractual agreements.
Fraud detection and prevention
.  It is important that Zipcar takes appropriate measures to detect and protect its services against fraud, theft and abuse.  We have therefore engaged a third‑party service provider, Sift Science (“
Sift
”), based in the United States, to assist with these measures.  We may share the following types of information that we have collected directly from you or through the use of tracking technologies (e.g., tags or Javascript snippets) with Sift for the purpose of detecting and preventing fraud, theft and abuse:
Contact detail information:  such as your email address, postal address, telephone number, user log‑in information;
Site transaction information:  such as details of your membership with us, including details you may provide such as occupation, ID verification details, date of birth and driver’s license details, as well as details of reservations you make including time, date, location and payment details, aggregated reservation details and other identifying information about your membership or reservation;
Device and browser information:  such as details of the device identifiers and attributes together with device and phone related meta‑data; and
Site and app usage information:  such as your device IP address, your location when using the website or app if available and session ID.
To learn more about the ways in which Sift uses this information to detect and prevent fraud, theft and abuse for Zipcar as well as for other Sift customers or if you have questions about Sift’s use of your information, please review the Sift privacy notice and contact Sift directly as described in the notice, available at:
https://sift.com/service-privacy
.
Independent licensees
Reservations of certain Zipcar vehicles outside of the U.S. and Canada may be operated by an independent licensee not owned or controlled by Zipcar, and in those instances this privacy notice does not apply.  Each independent licensee may collect personal information and use the personal information for its own purposes.  Zipcar does not control the independent licensee’s use of personal information.  For credit card transactions, the independent licensee, not Zipcar, may collect and process credit card information and receive payment for the Zipcar services.  In this case, the independent licensee is subject to the merchant rules of the credit card processors it selects.  This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any independent licensee’s website.  These licensees may also use email campaigns and other methods of telephone, electronic and direct mail solicitation without our consent or knowledge and are solely responsible for their content and methods of identifying and contacting addressees.
Advertising and personalized content
Customized offerings
.  Zipcar uses personal information to provide custom, personalized content and information and to inform our marketing and advertising efforts, which may include sending you marketing or advertising communications via email or online.  If you do not want us to send you promotional emails, please adjust your settings on the “contact me” tab on the “my stuff” page or follow the instructions to unsubscribe in the footer of such emails.
Our Cookies
.  Zipcar uses cookies, Flash objects and other tracking technologies that are placed in the browser on your computer or mobile device, and can be used to help recognize you on the Zipcar Sites and improve the user experience.  We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.  A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.  We use session cookies to maintain session state and user identity.  A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time.  We use persistent cookies and content to help remember user preferences and improve the user experience. We may also use third-party vendors to assist with these efforts. Our third-party vendors and partners may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services when you use or interact with our Sites and services.
We, and our third party partners, use this information collected through cookies and tracking technologies to:  (a) remember information so that you will not have to re‑enter it during your visit or the next time you use our services; (b) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our services; (c) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our services; (d) diagnose or fix technology problems; (e) detect and prevent fraud or misuse, or (f) otherwise to plan for and enhance our services.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can adjust your cookie preferences for this site by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of the website. Alternatively, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies.
You can also control Flash cookies via the Macromedia Flash application on your computer, or by going to the
Macromedia Flash Player website
, which allows you to view, modify, and delete Flash cookies.  If you reject all browser or flash cookies, however, some areas of our Sites may not function well or at all.  Depending on your device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all tracking technologies.  You may also be able to set your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email and performed certain functions with it.
Online Advertising and third‑party ad networks
.  Zipcar uses third party ad network providers to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history.  These providers use cookies or similar tracking technologies to collect information about your use of our Sites, including our mobile apps, over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other websites, apps or services you may use, and on other devices you may use.  We may share a common account identifier with our third‑party advertising partners to help identify you across devices.  We and our third‑party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising‑related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by content and ad network providers is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours.
Your choices for online advertising
.  As outlined in the “Our Cookies” section above, you can adjust your cookie preferences for this site by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of the website to block our third-party ad network providers use of cookies on our site. In addition, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“
NAI
”) online resources, at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“
DAA
”) resources at
www.aboutads.info/choices
to learn about interest‑based advertising and how you may be able to opt‑out of some interest‑based advertising by companies participating in NAI and DAA programs. Canadian visitors may also visit
http://youradchoices.ca/choices/
.
Please note that opting‑out of receiving interest‑based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources will only opt‑out a user from receiving interest‑based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may still receive interest‑based ads on his or her other devices.  You must perform the opt‑out on each browser or device you use.  These opt‑out choices may not affect online advertising that is not cookie‑based.  Some of these opt‑outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies.  If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you may need to opt‑out again.
You may also be able to limit mobile interest‑based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt‑out of interest based ads” (Android).  You may also be able to opt‑out of some – but not all – interest‑based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting
http://youradchoices.com/appchoices
and downloading the mobile AppChoices app.  You may be able to limit the use of location data for advertising purposes by adjusting your location services settings on your mobile device.  We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third‑parties’ opt‑out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
Please note that when you “opt‑out” of receiving interest‑based advertisements, this does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us or on our services.  In addition, third parties may still use cookies to collect information about your use of our services, including for analytics and fraud prevention as well as any other non‑advertising purpose.
Google Analytics and Advertising
.  We use Google Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our Sites or services on your browser or mobile device, log in to your account on our services, or otherwise engage with us.  We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email address, with Google to facilitate the service.  Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact with our service and to tailor our advertisements and content to you.  We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.  These features enable us to use first‑party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third‑party cookies (such as the DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third‑party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the services.  For information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to Google, review Google’s site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.  You can learn about Google Analytics’ currently available opt‑outs, including the Google Analytics Browser Ad‑On here
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.  You may control your advertising preferences or opt‑out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at
https://google.com/ads/preferences
, or by visiting NAI’s online resources at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
.
Social Media Advertising
.  We may also use advertising platforms provided by Facebook, Twitter and other social media sites to promote interest‑based advertisements to you (or to not show you certain advertisements) and to measure how users interact with those advertisements.  We may do this using web tracking tools or by sharing certain information (such as hashed email lists) with these platforms for this purpose.
These advertisements are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them.  If you do not want to receive targeted ads on your social networks, you may be able to adjust your advertising preferences through your settings on those networks.  You may learn more about advertising preferences by clicking on the following links.  To learn more about Facebook’s advertising privacy policies and how to opt out
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.  To learn more about Twitter tailored ads, visit
https://www.help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads
.  We may also use similar advertising programs for other social media sites you use.  Please note that these links are provided for your convenience only and we do not control the content or features that may be available on these third party services.
Social Sharing and Links
.  Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini‑programs that run on our Sites.  These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.  Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy notice of the company providing it.
Links to third‑party services
Our Sites may include links to other websites or mobile applications whose privacy practices may differ from those of Zipcar.  We are not responsible for, any personal information practices of third‑party websites and online services or the practices of other third parties.  We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit or mobile application that you use.
How may I review and correct my personal information?
Zipcar is committed to providing you with reasonable and practical access to your information to allow you the opportunity to identify inaccuracies. Upon request, Zipcar may provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you are a member of Zipcar, you can review and correct personal information by clicking on “account settings” under “my account,” and navigating through the “my account,” “my reservations” and “my statement” pages. If you would like to access, delete and/or correct other personal information held by Zipcar, please contact us in one of the ways provided below and we will aim to respond to your request within 30 days. If Zipcar is informed of any inaccuracy, we may make the appropriate corrections when commercially practicable. Under applicable laws you may have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and have any inaccuracies corrected (we may charge a reasonable fee for such information requests and require you to prove your identity).
Please contact us if you wish to cancel your account.  We generally retain information for at least as long as your account is active.  However, we may also retain your information for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements or maintain backups or archives of our systems.  Please note, however, that we do not undertake to store your information, including records of your transactions, for you.  Please maintain any records you need of your transactions with Zipcar.
What security measures are used to protect my personal information?
Zipcar has put in place safeguards and security practices designed to help protect the integrity and security of your personal information.  However, no security system is impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems at all times.  It is your responsibility to choose a strong password, safeguard it, and never disclose it to a third party.  If you contact us by phone, we may ask you to verify certain information related to your account before providing any access to personal information.
How might this privacy notice be changed?
We may change this privacy notice from time to time, so it is advisable to review it frequently.  We will advise you of material changes to this privacy notice through our website or other means, and all amended terms shall automatically be effective as of the date of the amended notice.  When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will change the “last updated” date at the beginning of this privacy notice.  Your continued use of the Zipcar service or maintenance of a Zipcar account will be deemed to be acceptance of any revised privacy notice.  Certain provisions of the privacy notice may vary based upon the jurisdiction in which you reserve or use a Zipcar vehicle.  For example, in other jurisdictions, Zipcar may collect and use different location or other information associated with your reservation and may use it differently than in your home location.
Contact information
If you have questions about our handling of personal information, you may write to us at
privacy@zipcar.com
,
privacy@zipcar.ca
, or Zipcar Privacy, 35 Thomson Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02210 USA.
U.S. state privacy disclosures
Nevada Residents
: IF you are a resident of the state of Nevada in the United States, please note Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To submit such a request, please contact us at
privacy@zipcar.com
with the subject line "Nevada Opt-Out".
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia Residents
: These U.S. State Privacy Disclosures (the “
U.S. State Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our
Privacy Notice
and apply solely to individual residents of the States of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia (“
consumers
” or “
you
”).
Collection and use of personal information
Personal Information Collected
As described in more detail in the
what personal information we collect and how we use it
section of our Privacy Notice, we collect the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, such as your name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, Zipcard number, passport information, driver’s license information, or other similar identifiers.
Customer Records
, such as driver’s license number, insurance information, passport number, credit card information, bank account information or other payment information.
Protected Classification Characteristics
, such as age and gender.
Commercial Information
, such as products or services purchased or considered and your use of the Zipcar services, including reservation details.
Biometric Information
, such as facial geometry used solely by our third-party partners for identity verification purposes.
We do not receive any biometric information generated from these processes.
Internet/Network Information
, such as device information, log, and analytics data.
Geolocation Data
, such as information about your physical location collected from geolocation features on your device, including your IP address and GPS (e.g. latitude and/or longitude).
Sensory Information
, such as pictures of you and recordings of phone calls between you and us, where permitted by law.
Professional/Employment Information
, including the business or organization you are associated with and, where applicable, your title with that business or organization and information relating to your role with the business or organization.
Other Personal Information
that you provide to us directly or through a third‑party service, including messages you send us through our services or on social media. This information could include the college or university you attend or are affiliated with, your driving records, claim information and driver behavior information.
Inferences
, including information generated from your use of the Sites and your driving, vehicle and usage history.
Sources of Personal Information
We collect personal information directly from you, from your browser or device when you interact with our services, from your Zipcar vehicle, from publicly available sources, and from our business partners and affiliates, Zipcar licensees, third parties you direct to share information with us, your friends or acquaintances through our Refer a Friend program, and other third-party information providers (including individuals involved in or law enforcement investigating a motor vehicle incident in which you may have been involved). For representatives of our business customers, vendors, service providers and other third parties, we also collect personal information from the entity you represent.
Purposes for Collection
As described in more detail in the
what personal information we collect and how we use it
section of our Privacy Notice, we collect personal information about you for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information, such as to create your account, process your transaction or respond to your inquiry.
To communicate with you, including via email, text message, push notification and/or telephone calls.
To operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the services.
To verify your identity, confirm the authenticity of your identity documents, and protect against fraud or misrepresentation.
To market to you, including through email, direct mail, phone, push notification and/or text message.
To personalize your experience and to deliver custom content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our website, third‑party sites, or on other devices you may use.
To recognize you and remember your information when you return to our Sites and services.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our services, including our Zipcars, technology assets, users and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
For representatives of our business customers, vendors, service providers and other third parties, we also collect your personal information to maintain an ongoing relationship between us and the entity you represent and to contact you in connection with our relationship with the entity you represent.
Sensitive Information
Some of the categories of personal information we collect may be classified as “sensitive” under certain U.S. state privacy laws (“
sensitive information
”), including government identifiers (such as driver’s license number or passport number), bank account or payment card information, biometric information (collected and processed by our service providers), and precise geolocation data. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set forth in the “Purposes for Collection” section above, as well as the purposes set forth in the
what personal information we collect and how we use it
section
of our Privacy Notice, to the extent necessary for the operation of our services, to enter into and perform a contract with you, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, to protect the life or physical safety of anyone or as otherwise permissible for our own internal purposes consistent with laws.
Deidentified Information
We may at times receive, or process personal information to create, deidentified information that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the information except as required or permitted by law.
Data Retention
We may retain your information for as long as you have an account with Zipcar, as needed to provide you our services, or as otherwise necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which the information was originally collected and any other legitimate business purpose, including, for legal, archival, accounting, and/or audit purposes.
To determine the appropriate duration of the retention of personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of personal information, and whether we can attain our objectives by other means, as well as our legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, and other applicable obligations.
Once retention of the personal information is no longer necessary for the purposes outlined above, we will either delete or deidentify the personal information or, if this is not possible (for example, because personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will not further process the personal information until deletion or deidentification is possible.
Personal information disclosure, sale, and use for targeted advertising
Disclosure
As described in the
how we disclose personal information
section of our Privacy Notice, we may disclose the categories of personal information identified above to the following categories of third parties for various business purposes:
Our service providers
:  We engage a number of third‑party service providers that perform business or operational services for us or on our behalf, such as website hosting, infrastructure provisioning, IT services, customer service, email delivery services, marketing and advertising services, and other similar services, subject to contractual terms restricting the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Third parties at your request
.  We share your personal information with third parties with your consent or at your direction.
Businesses as needed to provide services
.  We may share personal information with third parties you engage with through our services, or as needed to fulfil your request or transaction, including, for example payment processing services.
Our affiliate companies
.  We may share your personal information with other companies owned or controlled by Zipcar, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Zipcar, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us, such as Avis Budget Group) and any subsidiaries it owns.
Security providers
.  We may share your personal information with third‑party security providers, for example, to detect, prevent, or otherwise address actual or suspected fraud, harassment, security or technical issues, violations of any law, rule, regulation or the policies of Zipcar.
Business partners
.  We may disclose personal information to third parties with whom we partner to provide contests, joint promotional activities or co‑branded services, and such disclosure is necessary to fulfil your request or application.
Primary account holders
.  If you sign up for Zipcar through an associated or affiliated primary account such as a business or university, we may share your information with the primary account holder.
Other third parties
.  From time to time, we may disclose your personal information to third parties who use this information to market to you, to perform analytics and conduct research, or for other purposes, in accordance with their own privacy policies and terms.
Ad networks and advertising partners
.  We work with third party Ad Networks and Advertising Partners to deliver advertising and personalized content to you on our services, on other sites and services you may use, and across other devices you may use.  These parties may collect information directly from your browser or device when you visit the Sites through cookies or other tracking technologies.  This information is used to provide and inform targeted advertising, as well as to provide advertising‑related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
Analytics providers
.  We work with third party analytics providers to better understand the demographics of our users and visitors, and to personalize, enhance and improve our services.
Social networks
.  We may disclose personal information, such as a unique identifier, hashed email address, or information automatically collected through tracking technologies, to social networks for the purpose of displaying personalized advertising and content on those social networks.
Law enforcement and third parties pursuant to legal request
.  From time to time, we may disclose personal information as reasonably necessary to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
Third parties in the context of a corporate transaction
.  We may disclose personal information as reasonably necessary to evaluate, negotiate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Zipcar’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Zipcar about consumers is among the assets transferred or is otherwise relevant to the evaluation, negotiation or conduct of the transaction.
Sale and Targeted Advertising
Unless you have exercised your right to opt-out, we have sold or we may sell in the future, Identifiers (such as your name, email address and contact information), Commercial Information (such as products sold or considered), Internet/Network Information (such as analytics data), and Inferences (generated from your interactions with our services) to third parties who may use this information to communicate with you or to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you, such as services relating to your vehicle usage.
We may also sell or disclose personal information (including Identifiers, Commercial Information, Internet/Network Information, and Inferences) to certain third-party ad networks, social networks and advertising partners to deliver targeted advertising (also known as “cross-context behavioral advertising”) and personalized content to you on our services, on other sites and services you may use, and across other devices you may use, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
However, we do not sell the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age or share such information for targeted advertising purposes.
Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit or opt-out of the sale of personal information or the processing of personal information for purposes of targeted advertising (as described in the your privacy choices section below).
Sensitive Information
Although sensitive information may be disclosed for a business purpose as described above, we do not sell sensitive information, nor do we process or otherwise share sensitive information for the purpose of targeted advertising. Nonetheless, depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit, or withdraw your consent for, our processing of sensitive information (as described in the your privacy choices section below), except where the processing of your sensitive information is necessary to provide you the services or otherwise required by law.
Your privacy choices
Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise some or all of the following rights:
The Right to Know
The right to confirm whether we are processing personal information about you, and under California law only, to obtain certain personalized details about the personal information we have collected about you, including:
The categories of personal information collected;
The categories of sources of the personal information;
The purposes for which the personal information were collected;
The categories of personal information disclosed to third parties (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom this personal information were disclosed;
The categories of personal information shared for targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the personal information were disclosed for these purposes; and
The categories of personal information sold (if any) and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold.
The Right to Access & Portability
The right to obtain access to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
The Right to Correction
The right to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
The Right to Control Over Sensitive Information
The right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive information.
The Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising
The right to direct us not to use or share personal information for certain targeted advertising purposes.
The Right to Opt-Out of Sales
The right to direct us not to sell personal information we have collected about you to third parties.
The Right to Request Deletion
The right to request the deletion of personal information we maintain about you.
Depending on your state of residency, you may also have the right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights. In addition, if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.
Submitting privacy rights requests
To exercise your right to know, access/portability, correction and/or deletion:
Please click
here
, click to choose the appropriate option and submit your request; or
call 1‑866‑4ZIPCAR (1‑866‑494‑7227) to provide the necessary information to submit your request.
We will need to verify your identity before processing your request, which will generally either require the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems, or the successful log-in to your account. We may at times need to request additional personal information from you, taking into consideration our relationship with you and the sensitivity of your request. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.
To exercise your opt out rights in relation to targeted advertising or personal information sales:
For Cookie-Based Sales & Targeted Advertising Opt-Outs:
You can exercise your right to opt-out as it relates to the use of cookies and other tracking technologies for analytics and targeted ads, by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the website footer to adjust your cookie preferences.  By visiting
www.privacyrights.info
or
https://optout.privacyrights.info/?c=1
, you can also opt out from sales of this type of personal information by businesses that participate in the DAA’s CCPA Opt-Out Tool. To make opt-out requests related to mobile apps on your device for businesses participating in the DAA’s CCPA App-based Opt-Out Tool, you can download the appropriate app at
www.youradchoices.com/appchoices
. In addition, you may follow the other steps set forth in the
advertising and personalized content
section of our Privacy Notice to further exercise control over cookies and related technologies. Please note these opt-outs are browser specific. You must reset your preference if you clear cookies or use a different browser or device.
Non-Cookie-Based Opt-Outs for Non-Members
: If you are not a Zipcar member, we do not collect your sensitive information, nor do we sell your personal information or use your personal information for targeted advertising purposes except in relation to cookies. You may opt-out of such cookie-based sales and targeted advertising as described above.
Non-Cookie-Based Opt-Outs for Zipcar Members
: Please login to your account.  Once you have logged in to your account, please select the “
Your Privacy Choices
” link in the footer of the website and follow the instructions provided in the pop‑up window to be added to our Opt-Out List.  If you have set your browser to block or reject pop‑ups, you may need to change your settings to allow the Opt-Out pop‑up to appear. Alternatively, you can call 1‑866‑4ZIPCAR (1‑866‑494‑7227) to provide the necessary information to submit your request.
Appealing privacy rights decisions
Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. Please submit all appeals requests by replying to the communication resolving your original request or emailing us at
privacy@zipcar.com
.
Authorized agent
In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf through the designated methods set forth above where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. In order to verify the authorized agent’s authority, we generally require evidence of either (i) a valid power of attorney or (ii) a signed letter containing your name and contact information, the name and contact information of the authorized agent, and a statement of authorization for the request. Depending on the evidence provided and your state of residency, we may still need to separately reach out to you to confirm the authorized agent has permission to act on your behalf and to verify your identity in connection with the request.
California notice of financial incentive
The following disclosures only apply to residents of the State of California.
We may choose to provide programs and other offerings intended to provide benefits to eligible participants that qualify as financial incentives under certain privacy laws. For example, the financial incentives we may choose to make available to interested individuals may include discounts, coupons and other special offers for engaging with us.
To obtain access to certain of these programs and other offerings, we may ask to collect or share an interested individual’s personal information, including name, contact information, and service history. We have determined that the value of any of these programs and other offerings are reasonably related to the value of the personal information we would receive and otherwise process in connection with these programs and offerings, based on our reasonable but sole determination. We estimate the value of the personal information we would receive and otherwise process in connection with these programs and offerings by considering the expense we would incur in collecting and processing the personal information, as well as the expenses related to facilitating the program or offering.
The terms applicable to each program and other offering will be provided at the time an eligible individual is offered an opportunity to participate. Interested individuals can opt-in to these financial incentives by following the instructions presented at the time the offer is made. Participating individuals may withdraw from our programs and other offerings at any time by following the instructions provided in connection with each offering or emailing us at
privacy@zipcar.com
.Last updated:
June 7, 2023
Zipcar, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Zipcar Canada (also referred to as “
we
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” “
Zipcar
Group
” or “
Zipcar
”) respect your privacy.  This Privacy Notice describes how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process your personal information in connection with your use of zipcar.com, zipcar.com/en‑ca (Zipcar Canada) and their related mobile sites and applications (our “
Sites
”), as well as when you join Zipcar and use our services. However, this Privacy Notice is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations not otherwise provided by law. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Notice, please contact us in one of the ways provided below.
Terms not defined in this Privacy Notice have the meaning defined in your Member Contract, which you can view when you log in to your Zipcar account, and the
Terms of Use
.
Note to EU/UK Residents
:  If you reside in member countries of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, please click
here
for our Zipcar (UK) Ltd. privacy notice.
Note to United States Residents
:  If you reside in the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Utah or Virginia in the United States, please see the
U.S. state privacy disclosures
section for additional U.S. State‑specific privacy disclosures.
Click on the links below to jump to each section:
what personal information we collect and how we use it
information automatically collected when you use our sites
children's privacy
how we disclose personal information
independent licensees
advertising and personalized content
links to third-party services
how may I review and correct my personal information?
what security measures are used to protect my personal information?
how might this privacy notice be changed?
contact information
u.s. state privacy disclosures
What personal information we collect and how we use it
The principal purposes for which we collect and store your personal and financial information are to process your application, allow you to reserve and use our vehicles, authorize payment, bill you, respond to your inquiries, improve and communicate with you about our products and services and maintain your account with us.
If you voluntarily submit information to us,
we may collect personal information including your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, or a picture of you or identifying documents.  This also includes information in your profile, or information you provide to us via an email, text or similar message, telephone call, or by other means.  Your telephone calls and other communications with us are usually recorded or monitored for quality control, training and similar purposes.  By using these communication methods, you are consenting to receiving information via these methods and the recording or monitoring of your calls and communications with Zipcar.  We use this information to create your account, provide our services and communicate with you.  From time to time, we may send marketing or other communications.  To edit your preferences, please go to your account settings page.  If during a reservation you connect or pair your mobile device with the Zipcar vehicle (for instance via Bluetooth or USB port), please unpair your device and delete any personal information stored on the vehicle’s infotainment system.
If you apply to join Zipcar
, we collect information such as personal and financial information as you proceed through the stages of our application process, membership agreement and reservation process.  In addition to your name and contact information, we will also collect your driver’s license number and the jurisdiction in which you are licensed, credit card or other payment information, a photo, and other identifying information.  In certain cases, such as if you have a non‑U.S. driver’s license, we may also collect your passport information.  We may also collect information about you such as your driving record from you, from regulatory bodies where you live, or from other third party sources.  We use this information to process your application, determine your eligibility to use our services, to verify your identity, to detect and deter fraud, theft, or abuse of our service, comply with legal and recordkeeping requirements, process your payments and other purposes.
If you join Zipcar and use our services
, we collect information about how you use our Sites and services, such as your searches for vehicles, reservations (dates, times, locations, etc.) and, your use of the Zipcar service (return time, mileage, accidents, etc.).  We may also collect precise location if you enable location‑based services on your mobile device.  We use this information to provide and optimize services for you, including for example, billing you, responding to your inquiries, providing and improving our products and services, maintaining your account with us, personalizing your Zipcar experience (e.g., by understanding your preferences), and providing personalized content and promotional offers. To learn more about how Zipcar customizes content and offers please see the
advertising and personalized content
section below.
If you use our cars
, Zipcars are equipped with vehicle tracking and anti‑theft technology that uses Global Positioning System (GPS).  GPS is a network of satellites that allows us to determine the location (latitude and longitude) of Zipcars during your reservation.  Additionally, Zipcars also have an on‑board device that may monitor the state of the vehicle from moment to moment whether or not in a reservation, and the information may include its location and driver behavior monitoring such as crash detection factors or rate of braking or acceleration.  This information is transmitted to Zipcar and stored.  Zipcar uses this information for a variety of important purposes.  For example, we may monitor or store vehicle or GPS data to help you find a car you have reserved, to assist with roadside assistance, to assist in making a car available at the place and time you have reserved, to improve our service, to assist us in enforcing our legal rights, or to locate lost or stolen Zipcars.
If you refer a friend,
we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address or phone number.  We may then send your friend one or more messages inviting your friend to join Zipcar.  Zipcar stores this information for the purpose of sending these communications and tracking the success of our referral program.  Your friend may contact us at
privacy@zipcar.com
to request that we no longer send them refer a friend messages or other messages from Zipcar.
Information automatically collected when you use our sites
When you visit our Sites or use our service
s, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a computer or mobile device, we and our third party partners automatically collect information about how you access and use the Sites and information about the device you use.  We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, location‑identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, “
tracking technologies
”) and we may use third party services or technologies to collect this information. Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with other personal information we collect directly from you or from other sources.
When you use our Sites
, our servers automatically log certain information about your use of our Sites, such as your IP address, your browser type, operating system, browser language and service provider. We also collect information about your activities on our Sites, such as the pages you visit or the ads or links you click on.  We use this for a number of purposes, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, such as:  improving our services, developing new services based on what we learn from your activity; identifying products and marketing that may be of interest to you; personalizing our service to you; and carrying out statistical analysis and research with the purpose of allowing us to better understand our members and the products/services they want.  We also use this information to provide and adapt our services to take account of the technical capabilities of our users as well as identify issues with the website and user’s experience of it.
When you visit our online services,
we may collect personal information automatically such as your IP address when you visit our websites to help us diagnose problems with our systems, for system administration, to report aggregated information to our business partners, and to audit the use of our website.  In select circumstances, we may use IP addresses to help us identify you to protect our service, site, users or others.  We also collect your browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the pages viewed on our site, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
Session Replay
:  When you visit our website, we may also record information about your browsing session on the site, including which pages you visited, your mouse clicks, movements, and page scrolling, and any text keyed into forms on the website.  We review this information to identify any technical issues in the operation of our sites and to improve the user interface on our sites.  If we use a third party to help us with this service, this information will be passed to that third party for this purpose.
Mobile Analytics
:  When you download and use our apps, we may use mobile analytics software to help us better understand the functionality of our app on your mobile device.  Our analytics may record how often you use the app, how you use the app, aggregated usage, performance data and where you downloaded the app from.
Mobile GPS and Push Notifications
:  If you allow us, when you use our apps, we may collect location markers using the GPS in your device.  Knowing approximately where you are would help the app provide you better service, such as finding the nearest Zipcar location near you.  This would also help us send you push notifications or other communications based on your location (for example, nearby special offers).  We will use push notifications to provide certain services such as emergency or other service notifications, return notifications, providing information about vehicle location, providing details regarding our products and services etc.  We will only share this information with third party providers for the purpose of providing you these services.  To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.  If you change your mind about sharing your location or receiving push notifications from the app, adjust the settings of your mobile device to turn off transmission of geolocation data or to stop transmission of push notifications at any time.
We may also collect analytics data or use third‑party analytics tools such as Google Analytics to help us measure traffic and usage trends for our services and to understand more about the demographics of our users.
For more information about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies for advertising purposes, and to learn how you may control the use of your information for these purposes, please refer to the section called
advertising and personalized content
below.
Children’s privacy
Our services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If an individual is under the age of 13, they should not use our services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that personal information.
How we disclose personal information
Zipcar shares information with third parties outside the Zipcar Group in limited circumstances such as to provide the Zipcar service, fulfill a transaction you have requested, offer you personalized services, or in other circumstances that are permitted by law and consistent with the purposes for which we collected the information.  For example, we may disclose your personal information, including GPS information from any of our vehicles, within the Zipcar Group and to contractors, advisors, consultants and service providers acting on our behalf or under our instructions, including for purposes relating to the provision, operation, maintenance, administration, promotion, improvement, and oversight of our services, Sites and advertising services, or to fulfill your requests for information or service.  If you apply for Zipcar membership, some of the information you supply may be shared with regulatory bodies and/or service providers we utilize to obtain your driving record or other personal information. In addition, if you are associated or affiliated with another primary account (for example, if you are an associate member or affiliated with a business’s or university’s account or discount plan), the primary account holder (such as a business or university) will generally have access to certain information regarding your account or your use of our services, including specific reservation details.  Zipcar shares personal data with service providers such as Sift (as detailed further below) in order to detect and prevent fraud, theft and abuse.
We may also share your personal information with our affiliate companies, including other companies owned or controlled by Zipcar for business purposes, including internal management and administrative purposes.
We may disclose your personal information in connection with a corporate transaction, proceeding, or reorganization involving the business activities for which the information is maintained.  In the event that ownership of Zipcar or its business was to change as a result of a merger, acquisition or transfer to another company, your personal information may be shared or transferred. Personal information may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership.
Zipcar may disclose your personal information, including location/GPS data, in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena) or requests from law enforcement or regulatory authorities; in other circumstances in which Zipcar believes the Sites, the Zipcar service or our vehicles are being or have been used in violation of our policies, applicable law or otherwise in the commission of a crime; when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person; or when necessary to protect the rights or property of Zipcar or third parties.
Identity verification
.  We may use identity verification services provided by a third‑party provider to verify your identity documents, confirm your identity and protect against fraud and abuse.  When you create an account, you may be asked to submit a valid driver’s license, along with a selfie image.  Our third‑party provider may use a combination of machine learning tools and optical scans to authenticate your identity document, and may use facial recognition technology to produce a unique biometric identifier based on facial geometry that can be used to compare your selfie to the image on the identity document you provided to determine the likelihood that the images are a “match.”  Please see
https://onfido.com/facial-scan-policy-and-release/
.  Zipcar does not receive the biometric identifier generated from the images.  It is generated and held by our third‑party provider until we inform them that the biometric identifier is no longer needed for the purposes described in this paragraph, which will occur no later than 3 years after your last interaction with us.  For identity verification and security purposes, Zipcar will have access to the selfie image and will receive the information extracted from the identity scan of the ID document as well as the results of the identity verification process.  We may use this process and associated information to verify your identity, authenticate your identity documents, and protect against fraud and misrepresentation.  We do not use, disclose or retain your biometric information for any other commercial purpose.  Our third‑party provider processes this information on our behalf strictly in accordance with our contractual agreements.
Fraud detection and prevention
.  It is important that Zipcar takes appropriate measures to detect and protect its services against fraud, theft and abuse.  We have therefore engaged a third‑party service provider, Sift Science (“
Sift
”), based in the United States, to assist with these measures.  We may share the following types of information that we have collected directly from you or through the use of tracking technologies (e.g., tags or Javascript snippets) with Sift for the purpose of detecting and preventing fraud, theft and abuse:
Contact detail information:  such as your email address, postal address, telephone number, user log‑in information;
Site transaction information:  such as details of your membership with us, including details you may provide such as occupation, ID verification details, date of birth and driver’s license details, as well as details of reservations you make including time, date, location and payment details, aggregated reservation details and other identifying information about your membership or reservation;
Device and browser information:  such as details of the device identifiers and attributes together with device and phone related meta‑data; and
Site and app usage information:  such as your device IP address, your location when using the website or app if available and session ID.
To learn more about the ways in which Sift uses this information to detect and prevent fraud, theft and abuse for Zipcar as well as for other Sift customers or if you have questions about Sift’s use of your information, please review the Sift privacy notice and contact Sift directly as described in the notice, available at:
https://sift.com/service-privacy
.
Independent licensees
Reservations of certain Zipcar vehicles outside of the U.S. and Canada may be operated by an independent licensee not owned or controlled by Zipcar, and in those instances this privacy notice does not apply.  Each independent licensee may collect personal information and use the personal information for its own purposes.  Zipcar does not control the independent licensee’s use of personal information.  For credit card transactions, the independent licensee, not Zipcar, may collect and process credit card information and receive payment for the Zipcar services.  In this case, the independent licensee is subject to the merchant rules of the credit card processors it selects.  This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any independent licensee’s website.  These licensees may also use email campaigns and other methods of telephone, electronic and direct mail solicitation without our consent or knowledge and are solely responsible for their content and methods of identifying and contacting addressees.
Advertising and personalized content
Customized offerings
.  Zipcar uses personal information to provide custom, personalized content and information and to inform our marketing and advertising efforts, which may include sending you marketing or advertising communications via email or online.  If you do not want us to send you promotional emails, please adjust your settings on the “contact me” tab on the “my stuff” page or follow the instructions to unsubscribe in the footer of such emails.
Our Cookies
.  Zipcar uses cookies, Flash objects and other tracking technologies that are placed in the browser on your computer or mobile device, and can be used to help recognize you on the Zipcar Sites and improve the user experience.  We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.  A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.  We use session cookies to maintain session state and user identity.  A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time.  We use persistent cookies and content to help remember user preferences and improve the user experience. We may also use third-party vendors to assist with these efforts. Our third-party vendors and partners may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services when you use or interact with our Sites and services.
We, and our third party partners, use this information collected through cookies and tracking technologies to:  (a) remember information so that you will not have to re‑enter it during your visit or the next time you use our services; (b) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our services; (c) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our services; (d) diagnose or fix technology problems; (e) detect and prevent fraud or misuse, or (f) otherwise to plan for and enhance our services.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can adjust your cookie preferences for this site by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of the website. Alternatively, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies.
You can also control Flash cookies via the Macromedia Flash application on your computer, or by going to the
Macromedia Flash Player website
, which allows you to view, modify, and delete Flash cookies.  If you reject all browser or flash cookies, however, some areas of our Sites may not function well or at all.  Depending on your device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all tracking technologies.  You may also be able to set your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email and performed certain functions with it.
Online Advertising and third‑party ad networks
.  Zipcar uses third party ad network providers to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history.  These providers use cookies or similar tracking technologies to collect information about your use of our Sites, including our mobile apps, over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other websites, apps or services you may use, and on other devices you may use.  We may share a common account identifier with our third‑party advertising partners to help identify you across devices.  We and our third‑party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising‑related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by content and ad network providers is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours.
Your choices for online advertising
.  As outlined in the “Our Cookies” section above, you can adjust your cookie preferences for this site by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of the website to block our third-party ad network providers use of cookies on our site. In addition, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“
NAI
”) online resources, at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“
DAA
”) resources at
www.aboutads.info/choices
to learn about interest‑based advertising and how you may be able to opt‑out of some interest‑based advertising by companies participating in NAI and DAA programs. Canadian visitors may also visit
http://youradchoices.ca/choices/
.
Please note that opting‑out of receiving interest‑based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources will only opt‑out a user from receiving interest‑based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may still receive interest‑based ads on his or her other devices.  You must perform the opt‑out on each browser or device you use.  These opt‑out choices may not affect online advertising that is not cookie‑based.  Some of these opt‑outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies.  If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you may need to opt‑out again.
You may also be able to limit mobile interest‑based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt‑out of interest based ads” (Android).  You may also be able to opt‑out of some – but not all – interest‑based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting
http://youradchoices.com/appchoices
and downloading the mobile AppChoices app.  You may be able to limit the use of location data for advertising purposes by adjusting your location services settings on your mobile device.  We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third‑parties’ opt‑out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
Please note that when you “opt‑out” of receiving interest‑based advertisements, this does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us or on our services.  In addition, third parties may still use cookies to collect information about your use of our services, including for analytics and fraud prevention as well as any other non‑advertising purpose.
Google Analytics and Advertising
.  We use Google Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our Sites or services on your browser or mobile device, log in to your account on our services, or otherwise engage with us.  We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email address, with Google to facilitate the service.  Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact with our service and to tailor our advertisements and content to you.  We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.  These features enable us to use first‑party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third‑party cookies (such as the DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third‑party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the services.  For information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to Google, review Google’s site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.  You can learn about Google Analytics’ currently available opt‑outs, including the Google Analytics Browser Ad‑On here
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.  You may control your advertising preferences or opt‑out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at
https://google.com/ads/preferences
, or by visiting NAI’s online resources at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
.
Social Media Advertising
.  We may also use advertising platforms provided by Facebook, Twitter and other social media sites to promote interest‑based advertisements to you (or to not show you certain advertisements) and to measure how users interact with those advertisements.  We may do this using web tracking tools or by sharing certain information (such as hashed email lists) with these platforms for this purpose.
These advertisements are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them.  If you do not want to receive targeted ads on your social networks, you may be able to adjust your advertising preferences through your settings on those networks.  You may learn more about advertising preferences by clicking on the following links.  To learn more about Facebook’s advertising privacy policies and how to opt out
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.  To learn more about Twitter tailored ads, visit
https://www.help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads
.  We may also use similar advertising programs for other social media sites you use.  Please note that these links are provided for your convenience only and we do not control the content or features that may be available on these third party services.
Social Sharing and Links
.  Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini‑programs that run on our Sites.  These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.  Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy notice of the company providing it.
Links to third‑party services
Our Sites may include links to other websites or mobile applications whose privacy practices may differ from those of Zipcar.  We are not responsible for, any personal information practices of third‑party websites and online services or the practices of other third parties.  We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit or mobile application that you use.
How may I review and correct my personal information?
Zipcar is committed to providing you with reasonable and practical access to your information to allow you the opportunity to identify inaccuracies. Upon request, Zipcar may provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you are a member of Zipcar, you can review and correct personal information by clicking on “account settings” under “my account,” and navigating through the “my account,” “my reservations” and “my statement” pages. If you would like to access, delete and/or correct other personal information held by Zipcar, please contact us in one of the ways provided below and we will aim to respond to your request within 30 days. If Zipcar is informed of any inaccuracy, we may make the appropriate corrections when commercially practicable. Under applicable laws you may have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and have any inaccuracies corrected (we may charge a reasonable fee for such information requests and require you to prove your identity).
Please contact us if you wish to cancel your account.  We generally retain information for at least as long as your account is active.  However, we may also retain your information for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements or maintain backups or archives of our systems.  Please note, however, that we do not undertake to store your information, including records of your transactions, for you.  Please maintain any records you need of your transactions with Zipcar.
What security measures are used to protect my personal information?
Zipcar has put in place safeguards and security practices designed to help protect the integrity and security of your personal information.  However, no security system is impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems at all times.  It is your responsibility to choose a strong password, safeguard it, and never disclose it to a third party.  If you contact us by phone, we may ask you to verify certain information related to your account before providing any access to personal information.
How might this privacy notice be changed?
We may change this privacy notice from time to time, so it is advisable to review it frequently.  We will advise you of material changes to this privacy notice through our website or other means, and all amended terms shall automatically be effective as of the date of the amended notice.  When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will change the “last updated” date at the beginning of this privacy notice.  Your continued use of the Zipcar service or maintenance of a Zipcar account will be deemed to be acceptance of any revised privacy notice.  Certain provisions of the privacy notice may vary based upon the jurisdiction in which you reserve or use a Zipcar vehicle.  For example, in other jurisdictions, Zipcar may collect and use different location or other information associated with your reservation and may use it differently than in your home location.
Contact information
If you have questions about our handling of personal information, you may write to us at
privacy@zipcar.com
,
privacy@zipcar.ca
, or Zipcar Privacy, 35 Thomson Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02210 USA.
U.S. state privacy disclosures
Nevada Residents
: IF you are a resident of the state of Nevada in the United States, please note Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To submit such a request, please contact us at
privacy@zipcar.com
with the subject line "Nevada Opt-Out".
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia Residents
: These U.S. State Privacy Disclosures (the “
U.S. State Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our
Privacy Notice
and apply solely to individual residents of the States of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia (“
consumers
” or “
you
”).
Collection and use of personal information
Personal Information Collected
As described in more detail in the
what personal information we collect and how we use it
section of our Privacy Notice, we collect the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, such as your name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, Zipcard number, passport information, driver’s license information, or other similar identifiers.
Customer Records
, such as driver’s license number, insurance information, passport number, credit card information, bank account information or other payment information.
Protected Classification Characteristics
, such as age and gender.
Commercial Information
, such as products or services purchased or considered and your use of the Zipcar services, including reservation details.
Biometric Information
, such as facial geometry used solely by our third-party partners for identity verification purposes.
We do not receive any biometric information generated from these processes.
Internet/Network Information
, such as device information, log, and analytics data.
Geolocation Data
, such as information about your physical location collected from geolocation features on your device, including your IP address and GPS (e.g. latitude and/or longitude).
Sensory Information
, such as pictures of you and recordings of phone calls between you and us, where permitted by law.
Professional/Employment Information
, including the business or organization you are associated with and, where applicable, your title with that business or organization and information relating to your role with the business or organization.
Other Personal Information
that you provide to us directly or through a third‑party service, including messages you send us through our services or on social media. This information could include the college or university you attend or are affiliated with, your driving records, claim information and driver behavior information.
Inferences
, including information generated from your use of the Sites and your driving, vehicle and usage history.
Sources of Personal Information
We collect personal information directly from you, from your browser or device when you interact with our services, from your Zipcar vehicle, from publicly available sources, and from our business partners and affiliates, Zipcar licensees, third parties you direct to share information with us, your friends or acquaintances through our Refer a Friend program, and other third-party information providers (including individuals involved in or law enforcement investigating a motor vehicle incident in which you may have been involved). For representatives of our business customers, vendors, service providers and other third parties, we also collect personal information from the entity you represent.
Purposes for Collection
As described in more detail in the
what personal information we collect and how we use it
section of our Privacy Notice, we collect personal information about you for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information, such as to create your account, process your transaction or respond to your inquiry.
To communicate with you, including via email, text message, push notification and/or telephone calls.
To operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the services.
To verify your identity, confirm the authenticity of your identity documents, and protect against fraud or misrepresentation.
To market to you, including through email, direct mail, phone, push notification and/or text message.
To personalize your experience and to deliver custom content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our website, third‑party sites, or on other devices you may use.
To recognize you and remember your information when you return to our Sites and services.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our services, including our Zipcars, technology assets, users and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
For representatives of our business customers, vendors, service providers and other third parties, we also collect your personal information to maintain an ongoing relationship between us and the entity you represent and to contact you in connection with our relationship with the entity you represent.
Sensitive Information
Some of the categories of personal information we collect may be classified as “sensitive” under certain U.S. state privacy laws (“
sensitive information
”), including government identifiers (such as driver’s license number or passport number), bank account or payment card information, biometric information (collected and processed by our service providers), and precise geolocation data. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set forth in the “Purposes for Collection” section above, as well as the purposes set forth in the
what personal information we collect and how we use it
section
of our Privacy Notice, to the extent necessary for the operation of our services, to enter into and perform a contract with you, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, to protect the life or physical safety of anyone or as otherwise permissible for our own internal purposes consistent with laws.
Deidentified Information
We may at times receive, or process personal information to create, deidentified information that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the information except as required or permitted by law.
Data Retention
We may retain your information for as long as you have an account with Zipcar, as needed to provide you our services, or as otherwise necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which the information was originally collected and any other legitimate business purpose, including, for legal, archival, accounting, and/or audit purposes.
To determine the appropriate duration of the retention of personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of personal information, and whether we can attain our objectives by other means, as well as our legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, and other applicable obligations.
Once retention of the personal information is no longer necessary for the purposes outlined above, we will either delete or deidentify the personal information or, if this is not possible (for example, because personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will not further process the personal information until deletion or deidentification is possible.
Personal information disclosure, sale, and use for targeted advertising
Disclosure
As described in the
how we disclose personal information
section of our Privacy Notice, we may disclose the categories of personal information identified above to the following categories of third parties for various business purposes:
Our service providers
:  We engage a number of third‑party service providers that perform business or operational services for us or on our behalf, such as website hosting, infrastructure provisioning, IT services, customer service, email delivery services, marketing and advertising services, and other similar services, subject to contractual terms restricting the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Third parties at your request
.  We share your personal information with third parties with your consent or at your direction.
Businesses as needed to provide services
.  We may share personal information with third parties you engage with through our services, or as needed to fulfil your request or transaction, including, for example payment processing services.
Our affiliate companies
.  We may share your personal information with other companies owned or controlled by Zipcar, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Zipcar, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us, such as Avis Budget Group) and any subsidiaries it owns.
Security providers
.  We may share your personal information with third‑party security providers, for example, to detect, prevent, or otherwise address actual or suspected fraud, harassment, security or technical issues, violations of any law, rule, regulation or the policies of Zipcar.
Business partners
.  We may disclose personal information to third parties with whom we partner to provide contests, joint promotional activities or co‑branded services, and such disclosure is necessary to fulfil your request or application.
Primary account holders
.  If you sign up for Zipcar through an associated or affiliated primary account such as a business or university, we may share your information with the primary account holder.
Other third parties
.  From time to time, we may disclose your personal information to third parties who use this information to market to you, to perform analytics and conduct research, or for other purposes, in accordance with their own privacy policies and terms.
Ad networks and advertising partners
.  We work with third party Ad Networks and Advertising Partners to deliver advertising and personalized content to you on our services, on other sites and services you may use, and across other devices you may use.  These parties may collect information directly from your browser or device when you visit the Sites through cookies or other tracking technologies.  This information is used to provide and inform targeted advertising, as well as to provide advertising‑related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
Analytics providers
.  We work with third party analytics providers to better understand the demographics of our users and visitors, and to personalize, enhance and improve our services.
Social networks
.  We may disclose personal information, such as a unique identifier, hashed email address, or information automatically collected through tracking technologies, to social networks for the purpose of displaying personalized advertising and content on those social networks.
Law enforcement and third parties pursuant to legal request
.  From time to time, we may disclose personal information as reasonably necessary to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
Third parties in the context of a corporate transaction
.  We may disclose personal information as reasonably necessary to evaluate, negotiate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Zipcar’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Zipcar about consumers is among the assets transferred or is otherwise relevant to the evaluation, negotiation or conduct of the transaction.
Sale and Targeted Advertising
Unless you have exercised your right to opt-out, we have sold or we may sell in the future, Identifiers (such as your name, email address and contact information), Commercial Information (such as products sold or considered), Internet/Network Information (such as analytics data), and Inferences (generated from your interactions with our services) to third parties who may use this information to communicate with you or to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you, such as services relating to your vehicle usage.
We may also sell or disclose personal information (including Identifiers, Commercial Information, Internet/Network Information, and Inferences) to certain third-party ad networks, social networks and advertising partners to deliver targeted advertising (also known as “cross-context behavioral advertising”) and personalized content to you on our services, on other sites and services you may use, and across other devices you may use, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
However, we do not sell the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age or share such information for targeted advertising purposes.
Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit or opt-out of the sale of personal information or the processing of personal information for purposes of targeted advertising (as described in the your privacy choices section below).
Sensitive Information
Although sensitive information may be disclosed for a business purpose as described above, we do not sell sensitive information, nor do we process or otherwise share sensitive information for the purpose of targeted advertising. Nonetheless, depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit, or withdraw your consent for, our processing of sensitive information (as described in the your privacy choices section below), except where the processing of your sensitive information is necessary to provide you the services or otherwise required by law.
Your privacy choices
Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise some or all of the following rights:
The Right to Know
The right to confirm whether we are processing personal information about you, and under California law only, to obtain certain personalized details about the personal information we have collected about you, including:
The categories of personal information collected;
The categories of sources of the personal information;
The purposes for which the personal information were collected;
The categories of personal information disclosed to third parties (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom this personal information were disclosed;
The categories of personal information shared for targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the personal information were disclosed for these purposes; and
The categories of personal information sold (if any) and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold.
The Right to Access & Portability
The right to obtain access to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
The Right to Correction
The right to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
The Right to Control Over Sensitive Information
The right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive information.
The Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising
The right to direct us not to use or share personal information for certain targeted advertising purposes.
The Right to Opt-Out of Sales
The right to direct us not to sell personal information we have collected about you to third parties.
The Right to Request Deletion
The right to request the deletion of personal information we maintain about you.
Depending on your state of residency, you may also have the right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights. In addition, if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.
Submitting privacy rights requests
To exercise your right to know, access/portability, correction and/or deletion:
Please click
here
, click to choose the appropriate option and submit your request; or
call 1‑866‑4ZIPCAR (1‑866‑494‑7227) to provide the necessary information to submit your request.
We will need to verify your identity before processing your request, which will generally either require the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems, or the successful log-in to your account. We may at times need to request additional personal information from you, taking into consideration our relationship with you and the sensitivity of your request. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.
To exercise your opt out rights in relation to targeted advertising or personal information sales:
For Cookie-Based Sales & Targeted Advertising Opt-Outs:
You can exercise your right to opt-out as it relates to the use of cookies and other tracking technologies for analytics and targeted ads, by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the website footer to adjust your cookie preferences.  By visiting
www.privacyrights.info
or
https://optout.privacyrights.info/?c=1
, you can also opt out from sales of this type of personal information by businesses that participate in the DAA’s CCPA Opt-Out Tool. To make opt-out requests related to mobile apps on your device for businesses participating in the DAA’s CCPA App-based Opt-Out Tool, you can download the appropriate app at
www.youradchoices.com/appchoices
. In addition, you may follow the other steps set forth in the
advertising and personalized content
section of our Privacy Notice to further exercise control over cookies and related technologies. Please note these opt-outs are browser specific. You must reset your preference if you clear cookies or use a different browser or device.
Non-Cookie-Based Opt-Outs for Non-Members
: If you are not a Zipcar member, we do not collect your sensitive information, nor do we sell your personal information or use your personal information for targeted advertising purposes except in relation to cookies. You may opt-out of such cookie-based sales and targeted advertising as described above.
Non-Cookie-Based Opt-Outs for Zipcar Members
: Please login to your account.  Once you have logged in to your account, please select the “
Your Privacy Choices
” link in the footer of the website and follow the instructions provided in the pop‑up window to be added to our Opt-Out List.  If you have set your browser to block or reject pop‑ups, you may need to change your settings to allow the Opt-Out pop‑up to appear. Alternatively, you can call 1‑866‑4ZIPCAR (1‑866‑494‑7227) to provide the necessary information to submit your request.
Appealing privacy rights decisions
Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. Please submit all appeals requests by replying to the communication resolving your original request or emailing us at
privacy@zipcar.com
.
Authorized agent
In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf through the designated methods set forth above where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. In order to verify the authorized agent’s authority, we generally require evidence of either (i) a valid power of attorney or (ii) a signed letter containing your name and contact information, the name and contact information of the authorized agent, and a statement of authorization for the request. Depending on the evidence provided and your state of residency, we may still need to separately reach out to you to confirm the authorized agent has permission to act on your behalf and to verify your identity in connection with the request.
California notice of financial incentive
The following disclosures only apply to residents of the State of California.
We may choose to provide programs and other offerings intended to provide benefits to eligible participants that qualify as financial incentives under certain privacy laws. For example, the financial incentives we may choose to make available to interested individuals may include discounts, coupons and other special offers for engaging with us.
To obtain access to certain of these programs and other offerings, we may ask to collect or share an interested individual’s personal information, including name, contact information, and service history. We have determined that the value of any of these programs and other offerings are reasonably related to the value of the personal information we would receive and otherwise process in connection with these programs and offerings, based on our reasonable but sole determination. We estimate the value of the personal information we would receive and otherwise process in connection with these programs and offerings by considering the expense we would incur in collecting and processing the personal information, as well as the expenses related to facilitating the program or offering.
The terms applicable to each program and other offering will be provided at the time an eligible individual is offered an opportunity to participate. Interested individuals can opt-in to these financial incentives by following the instructions presented at the time the offer is made. Participating individuals may withdraw from our programs and other offerings at any time by following the instructions provided in connection with each offering or emailing us at
privacy@zipcar.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://sift.com/service-privacy:
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Home
/
Legal and Compliance
/
Website Privacy Notice
Website Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
Our Commitment to Privacy
Quick Links
PART I. WHO WE ARE
PART II. WHAT WE COLLECT, HOW WE USE IT, AND THE LEGAL BASIS
PART III. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS, SECURITY, AND DATA RETENTION
PART IV. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
PART V. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
PART VI. HOW TO CONTACT US
Last Updated: December 20, 2024
Our Commitment to Privacy
Sift Science, Inc. (
“Sift”
,
“we”
or
“us”
) respects your privacy and wants you to be informed about what we do. This Website Privacy Notice (this
“Notice”
) explains who we are, how we collect, share, and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice applies to the processing of personal information collected by us through our website (
www.sift.com
and any sub-domains, except the Sift console at console.sift.com) (the
“Website”
) and in connection with our events, sales, and marketing activities or to register you as a visitor to our offices. If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, or Virginia, please also review our
Supplemental U.S. State Law Privacy Notice
which describes certain disclosures and rights available to you under your state’s privacy laws, when such laws are effective.
For information about how we process personal information that we collect if you use or otherwise interact with the Sift fraud prevention products, applications, and services, see our
Service Privacy Notice.
Quick Links
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure that you are fully informed. However, if you would like to access a particular section of this Notice, then you can click on the relevant link in the Table of Contents to jump to that section.
PART I. WHO WE ARE
Sift is a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) company based in San Francisco, California. We help online businesses (our
“Customers”
) detect and address fraud and other malicious behavior on their digital properties, such as their websites and mobile applications, using our proprietary real-time machine learning technology (the
“Sift Services”
).
For further information about our collection and use of information in connection with the Sift Services, please see our
Service Privacy Notice.
PART II. WHAT WE COLLECT, HOW WE USE IT, AND THE LEGAL BASIS
Information We Collect
We may collect the following types of personal information about you:
Information that you provide to us
Certain parts of our Website might ask you to provide personal information voluntarily – for example, if you provide your contact details to register an account with us, subscribe to marketing communications (like our newsletters), access a demo or white paper, or enable us to contact you. We may also collect information from you in person at a tradeshow or event or when you register as a visitor at our offices.
If you contact us to find out more about the Sift Services (whether via our website or via a phone call with one of our sales representatives), we will collect personal information about you so that we can fulfill your request.
The personal information we collect may include:
Contact information (such as, your name, address, telephone number, and email address) and the nature of your communication;
Professional information (such as, your company name, job title, and company address);
Marketing information (such as, your contact preferences); and
Any other information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up or bot interaction).
We use this information (alone or in combination with other information we have collected about you):
To respond to your requests or provide information you’ve requested to perform our contract with you, or if we have not contracted directly with you, in reliance on our legitimate interest in managing communications with you.
For security reasons, to register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access.
To send administrative or account related information to you in reliance on our legitimate interests in managing your account.
To comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, agreements, and policies.
To validate your identity when seeking to exercise your privacy rights.
To process your information for marketing purposes, which may involve sending you marketing and promotional materials (for example, newsletters, telemarketing calls, or SMS or push notifications), if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences, as necessary for our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or to the extent you have provided prior consent. This may involve processing your information using machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies, including profiling. This may also involve using email tracking technologies for marketing purposes to measure email engagement. You can opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the below section on how to
Unsubscribe from Our Mailing List
).
For other business purposes – such as, data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our marketing and to enhance, customize, and improve our Websites, products and services – in reliance on our legitimate interests in expanding and developing our business activities.
Information that we collect automatically
When you visit our Website, Sift (like most website owners) collects certain information related to your device, such as your device’s IP address, device type, browser type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), referring website, what pages your device visited, and the time that your device visited our Website.
We (including our vendors) may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, embedded web links, and similar technologies. You can opt-out of certain collection technologies (such as cookies) but please note that you then might not be able to take advantage of many of the tailored features of our Website. For more information on our use of cookies, including how to change your cookie preferences, please see our
Website Cookie Notice.
We use this information (alone or in combination with other information we have collected about you):
To administer our Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes in reliance on our legitimate interests;
To understand how our Website is used and to improve our Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer in reliance on our legitimate interests;
To display personalized advertising and content to you on and off our Website, based on your browsing activities on the Website to the extent necessary for legitimate interests in advertising our Website and services, or where necessary, to the extent you have provided prior consent; and
As part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure in reliance on our legitimate interests in ensuring the security of our Website.
Information we obtain from third party sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, or social media platforms. This information may include the following: mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs or custom profiles.
We use this information (alone or in combination with other information we have collected about you) to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, and services, including for the purposes of targeted advertising, delivering more relevant email content, event promotion, and profiling in reliance on our legitimate interests in conducting our marketing activities and promoting the Sift Services.
Sharing information with third parties
We may share and disclose information about you in the following circumstances:
Vendors, consultants and other service providers
We may share your information with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who provide data processing services to us and with whom the sharing of such information is necessary to undertake that work. Examples of these type of service providers include: processing billing, providing customer support, hosting our infrastructure, data enrichment, identity verification, or online and offline marketing optimizations, including the use of machine learning technologies, artificial intelligence or profiling.
Third party vendor integrations
We may offer you the ability to use third party vendor integrations through our Services. If you choose to use these third party vendor integrations, then you are directly interacting with that third party vendor and providing or directing us to provide information, including Personal Information, to them for purposes of facilitating the integration.
Professional advisors
We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services they render to us.
Compliance with laws
We may disclose your information to any competent law enforcement body, regulator, government agency court, or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person (see below).
Vital interests and legal rights
We may disclose information about you if we believe it necessary to protect the vital interests or legal rights of Sift, you, or any other person.
Corporate Affiliates and Transactions
We may provide your information to our affiliates (meaning any subsidiary, parent company or company under common control with Sift). Our affiliates will use your information only for the purposes described in this Notice. Additionally, if Sift is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information may be shared or transferred as part of that transaction, as permitted by law.
PART III. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS, SECURITY, AND DATA RETENTION
Processing of Personal Information in the U.S. and Other Territories
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. Specifically, please be aware that our facilities are located in the United States, and our third party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in different countries. However, regardless of where your data is processed we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice.
European data transfers
If you are resident in the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is transferred outside of your jurisdiction by: (i) processing it in a territory that provides an adequate level of protection for personal information based on the receiving country’s data protection laws; and/or (ii) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information, such as requiring the recipient to comply with the Standard Contractual Clauses, or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism.
Security safeguards
We use technical and organizational security measures designed to protect personal information we process about visitors to our Website against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, please note that no Internet transmission can ever be guaranteed 100% secure, and so we encourage you to take care when disclosing personal information online and to use readily available tools, such as Internet firewalls, secure email, and similar technologies to protect yourself online.
Data Retention
We retain your personal information where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements) and for a period of time consistent with the original purpose as described in this Notice. We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of your personal information processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information and whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, as well as on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation).
After expiration of the applicable retention periods, we will either delete or anonymize your personal information or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
PART IV. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights with regard to personal information we control about you:
Access, review, change, update, or delete your information (EEA, UK and Swiss residents)
You may access (data portability), review, modify, and request deletion of any personal information that we process about you, as required by law. You may submit such a request by one of the following: (i) send an email to
privacy@sift.com
, (ii) complete
this webform,
or (iii) call us toll free at (+1) 877-571-0124. To protect your privacy and security, we may need to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to your request. Specifically, we (or our third party service provider acting on our behalf) may need to collect a copy of your photo ID and any other information necessary to confirm your identity. Such information will be securely processed in accordance with this Notice and only used for the purpose of verifying your identity.
Objection to processing of, or requesting restriction or portability of, personal information (EEA, UK, and Swiss residents)
In addition, if you are a resident of the European Economic Area (
“EEA”
), United Kingdom or Switzerland and we can properly verify your identity, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information. To exercise these rights, email
privacy@sift.com
.
Unsubscribe From Our Mailing List
You may at any time ask us to stop sending marketing communications to you, including by clicking “Unsubscribe” in any email communications we send you. If you have any questions in relation to the “Unsubscribe” process, please feel free to get in touch via the contact details set out below. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Withdrawal of Consent
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. To withdraw your consent to any processing, email
privacy@sift.com
.
Right to Complain to a Data Protection Authority
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and UK are available
here
and Switzerland are
here.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. To protect your privacy and security, we may need to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to your request.
PART V. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Other Websites
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites that are linked to from our Website. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our Website and to read the privacy statements or policies of each and every website that they visit.
Changes to this Notice
We may revise this Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical, or business developments. The most current version of this Notice will govern our use of your personal information. If we make any material changes to this Notice, we will post the updated version here. You can see when this Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” or “effective” date displayed at the top of this Notice. You can access our Policy & Terms Archive
here
.
PART VI. HOW TO CONTACT US
Contact Details
Please contact Sift with any questions or comments about this Notice or our privacy practices at:
Sift Science, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Office
525 Market Street, Sixth Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Email:
privacy@sift.com
Controller Status, Data Protection Officer, EU and UK Representative
If you are a resident in the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, Sift Science, Inc. is the controller of the personal information (i.e., personal data under European data protection legislation) covered by this Notice.
You may contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing
dpo@sift.com
or using the mailing address listed in the Contact Details section above.
Our EEA representative is:
Sift Science Ireland Limited
by email:
privacy@sift.com
by mail: Sift Science Ireland Limited c/o Sift Science, Inc. 525 Market Street, Sixth Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105
Our UK representative is:
Sift Science UK Limited
by email:
privacy@sift.com
by mail: Sift Science UK Limited c/o Sift Science, Inc. 525 Market Street, Sixth Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105
Further Privacy Resources
Service Privacy Notice
Supplemental U.S. State Law Privacy Notice
Website Cookie Notice
Sift Terms of Service
Dare to
grow
differently.
Flip the switch on fraud-fueled fear. Make risk work for your business and scale securely into new markets with Sift’s AI-powered platform.
see sift in action
Loading...
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads:
Skip to main content
Help Center
Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Sign in
Contact Us
Help Center
Your privacy controls for personalized ads
Help Center
Your privacy controls for personalized ads
About personalized ads
We work with ads partners to bring you more useful and interesting advertising content through interest-based advertising. For example, we may do this based on information that ad partners share with us. We hope that this increases the usefulness of X Ads for you.
Here’s one way it would work. Let’s say a flower shop wants to advertise a Valentine’s Day special on X. They’d prefer to show their ad to floral enthusiasts who subscribe to their newsletter. To get the special offer to those people who are using X, the shop may share with us hashed emails from their mailing list. We can then match that to a hash of emails that our users have associated with their accounts in order to show them a Promoted post for the Valentine’s Day deal on X.
Another way this works is when a person visits the flower shop’s website. In that case, depending on technologies implemented by the shop’s website, X may collect information through pixels and similar technologies that enable the shop owner to advertise through X and reach those visitors with a Valentine’s Day offer. For more information about pixels and similar technologies we use, see our
Cookie Policy
.
About X marketing
In addition to helping advertisers to reach their audiences on X, X also works with third-party advertising partners, including Google, to market X’s own services, including through the delivery of interest-based ads. These partners may also serve ads on behalf of X advertisers. The privacy options described below apply to interest-based ads served by X; they do not apply to ads served by these other companies, including on X’s behalf. You can learn more about opting out of receiving interest-based ads from other companies at
optout.aboutads.info
and
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. If you are on the web, you can also opt out of Google Analytics by installing Google’s
opt-out browser add-on
, and opt out of interest-based Google ads using
Google’s Ads Settings
.
What are my privacy options?
If you don't want X to combine your activity on X with other online activity from our partners to show you interest-based ads on and off of X, there are several ways to turn off this feature:
Using your X settings, visit the
Ads preferences
settings and disable the
Personalized ads
setting.
If you are on the web, you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice tool at
optout.aboutads.info
to opt out of seeing interest-based advertising from X in your current browser.
On iOS 13 and previous versions only, if you do not want X to show you interest-based ads in X for iOS on your current mobile device, enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting in your iOS phone’s settings (precise directions may be different on different iOS versions). On iOS 14 and later versions only, if you don't want X to access your iOS Identifier for Advertising, disable the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS settings (precise directions may be different on different iOS versions). If you do not want X to show you interest-based ads in X for Android on your current mobile device, enable “Opt out of Ads Personalization” in your Android phone’s settings.
Note:
Please confirm that you are logged in if you want to view or change the web settings for your X account. Changing your X settings in your web browser when you are logged out will only affect behavior on that browser while you are not logged in to X.
Opting out of X’s interest-based ads won’t stop you from seeing X ads altogether. For example, you may still see ads on X that are personalized based on other information, including what you post, who you follow, what type of phone you use, where you are, and the links you click on X.
Share this article
Post
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 4
http://www.privacyrights.info/:
Skip to main content
Opt Out Tools
California consumers may use these tools to send requests under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) for this browser to opt out of the sale of personal information by some or all of the participating companies.
Using these tools, you can learn about the participating companies and their privacy practices. You can also send requests to opt out under the CCPA to some or all of these companies.
When you see this green icon, you can click on it and learn about the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) and send opt-out requests.
What is the CCPA?
CCPA was enacted to provide California consumers with transparency about how personal information is collected or used, and to provide them with certain rights. It goes into effect on January 1, 2020.
About This Tool
This Opt-Out Tool is provided by the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA). DAA is an independent non-profit organization that establishes and enforces responsible privacy practices across the digital advertising ecosystem, providing consumers with enhanced transparency and control through multifaceted principles that apply to various types of data gathered in desktop, mobile web, or mobile app environments for a variety of purposes. The DAA also administers the
YourAdChoices
and
Political Ads
programs, and is led by leading advertising and marketing trade associations.
To report a problem with the Opt-Out Tool click
here
.
Back to Top
Sub-policy 5
https://optout.privacyrights.info/?c=1:
CCPA Opt Out Tool
Toggle navigation
Report a Problem
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
US English
Español de Estados Unidos
JavaScript Not Detected
The site requires that you enable JavaScript for your browser. Please turn on JavaScript for your browser and click "Try Again" to proceed.
Try Again
-
Learn More
Compatibility Check
Your connection speed and browser configuration may affect the success of your opt-out requests. Please standby as the Opt Out tool checks whether your browser can receive opt-outs. You may see additional windows open and close as these checks are performed and as your opt-outs are requested.
Javascript Check
check
Network Quality Check
spinner6
Your calculated timeout is ms
Your device's connection speed is not currently sufficient to support the functionality of the CCPA Opt Out Tool.
Try Again
Continue Anyway
Learn More about Browsers and Cookie Settings
First-Party Cookie Check
Your browser appears to be blocking all cookies. The functionality of this page requires that your browser permits the setting and reading of, at minimum, first-party cookies. If you wish to continue using this page please adjust your browser's cookie settings and click "Try Again."
Try Again
Learn More about Browsers and Cookie Settings
Third-Party Cookie Check
Your browser appears to be blocking third party cookies. Some opt outs may be blocked by this setting. Please either adjust your browser's cookie settings and click "Try Again" or click "Check from Websites I have Visited" to continue.
Try Again
Check from Websites I have Visited
Learn More about Browsers and Cookie Settings
From Visited Cookie Check
Your browser appears to be blocking opt-out cookies from sites you've visited. Opt-outs are cookie-based and if you select to "Continue Anyway" your requests may be unavailable. Please either adjust your browser settings and try again, or use the links to the privacy policies to visit the participating companies.
Try Again
Re-start opt-out process
Continue Anyway
Learn More about Browsers and Cookie Settings