Privacy Policy
OneBusAway Project Privacy Policy
We value your privacy, so we want to be explicit about what kind of personal information is involved when you interact with OneBusAway.
This page is for the OneBusAway project as a whole. The project as such doesn’t collect any personally identifying information from users.  However, instances of OneBusAway that serve a particular region may save log and other information, some of which is personally identifiable. Each instance should have its own privacy policy, linked from its home page.
OneBusAway Apps
There are five native apps for OneBusAway – apps that have been developed by OneBusAway team members or their close collaborators. Some of these apps have a facility for generating a unique ID for that app instance, which is included in API requests to a OneBusAway server. These are used in generating usage statistics about the number of unique users per day or per week of the corresponding instance of OneBusAway. These IDs are generated in such a way that it is not possible to determine the identity of the device from the ID. We do not collect or send any personally identifiable data from your device.
The exact mechanisms for generating the ID are as follows:
iPhone
– The app instance generates a random ID — not based on the phone’s Unique Device Identifier (UDID). This ID also resets if you re-install the OneBusAway app.
Android (including Amazon Fire Phone)
– OneBusAway uses the manufacturer identifier of your device (also known as the “IMEI” or “MEID”) to generate the ID. It is read once on first install and anonymized (“hashed”).  The anonymized ID is what is sent to the OneBusAway server.
Windows Phone
– Currently the Windows Phone app doesn’t generate an ID at all.
Windows 8
– Currently the Windows 8 app doesn’t generate an ID at all.
Alexa
– The OneBusAway Alexa skill saves an anonymous unique identifier for the user who made the request (generated by Amazon’s Alexa infrastructure) so we can save information required to get your bus information. This allows us to save your city and stop ID when you initially set up the skill so we don’t have to ask for it every time you start the skill.  The length of this identifier can vary, but is never more than 255 characters. The user ID is automatically generated when a user enables the OneBusAway skill in the Alexa app. Note that disabling and re-enabling a skill generates a new identifier.  We also store a timestamp that represents the last date and time when arrival information was retrieved so we have an idea of how often users are using the skill.
In the future this ID may also be used for analytical tools to help us improve them by gathering information on such things as the number of installations, the model of device that it is installed on, etc.
The iPhone and Android apps include Google Analytics so aggregate, anonymous data about how often different app features are used can be collected.  For example, we could tell that the most used feature of OneBusAway apps is the favorites screen, and only 1/3 of users regularly use the maps screen (these statistics are made up for example purposes).   This data helps us better understand where to focus future improvements.  We do not collect data on individual usage of the app.  For example, we don’t know how many times User X viewed their person bookmarks, or names of those bookmarks.
In the “Help” section of the apps, the iPhone and Android apps allow users to send a feedback email to the regional email address – the user can also add additional recipients to this email, including the app-specific email addresses (e.g., iphone-app@onebusaway.org, android-app@onebusaway.org).  The following information is automatically added to the body of the email to help us troubleshoot issues that users encounter, with the message
“The following information is provided for troubleshooting purposes. If you are uncomfortable sharing any of the following information you may remove it, however it may affect our ability to assist you.”
The user can erase this information from the email before it is sent if the user desires not to share this information with the regional OneBusAway administrators or the app maintainers:
OneBusAway App version – So we know what known bugs do and do not exist in your currently-installed version of the app
Device make and model (e.g., iPhone 7.2, Samsung Galaxy S5) – Helps us troubleshoot device-specific problems
OS version (e.g., Android 6.0, iOS 9.3.1) – Helps us troubleshoot operating system version-specific problems
Set Region Automatically (YES or NO, depending on the user’s settings) – This information helps troubleshoot when a user may accidentally be connected to the incorrect OneBusAway Server that does not serve their city.
Selected Region (e.g., Puget Sound, depending on the user’s settings) – This information helps troubleshoot when a user may accidentally be connected to the incorrect OneBusAway Server that does not serve their city.
Custom OneBusAway Server API being used (if the user has entered one in Settings) – This information helps troubleshoot when a user may accidentally be connected to the incorrect OneBusAway Server that does not serve their city.
The last known location of the user in latitute and longitude, and a timestamp (X,Y at 10:49am) – This information helps troubleshoot when a user may accidentally be connected to the incorrect OneBusAway Server that does not serve their city.
The four native mobile OneBusAway apps currently use the respective built-in Maps APIs to show the user their real-time location and location of bus stops. These Maps APIs have fairly broad data collection abilities, and this data goes back to the respective platform vendor (Google, Apple, Microsoft). The OneBusAway project doesn’t receive this data however.
The OneBusAway Alexa skill is available on any device that supports the
Alexa Voice Service
, such as the
Amazon Echo
.  Please refer to your device’s privacy policy, as well Amazon’s privacy policy for Alexa, to better understand what information those devices and services may be collecting when any skill is used (OneBusAway Alexa does not have access to any information collected by these parties).
We want to be completely transparent about what data is collected in the apps, and if you’re interested in digging through the source code, it’s available on GitHub:
iPhone
Android
Windows Phone
Windows 8
Alexa
Other Apps Using OneBusAway Services
The OneBusAway servers in different regions often provide data for other transit applications in addition to the official OneBusAway ones. Those apps should include their own privacy policies if they collect personal data.
Beta Test Program for Apps
Project members will periodically release updated versions of the apps, or create new apps. We will often recruit volunteers to help beta test these apps before releasing them. The privacy policy for beta test
participants will be included in the invitation (For iPhone we are using TestFlight to distribute beta versions – here is the
TestFlight Privacy policy
).
Specific Research Projects
OneBusAway is also a research project, in addition to being a service. We may therefore invite some OneBusAway users to participate in specific research projects in which we gather more detailed information. However, participation in any such study will be voluntary and we will always ask
your permission before enrolling you. We will follow all the standard Human Subjects protocols for such a study, including requesting your informed consent. Any other research projects will only use non-personally identifiable data already collected by the project as a whole or a particular installation, in accordance with this policy and the policy for the particular installation.
Sample Regional Privacy Policy
For organizations or individuals contemplating running a new installation of OneBusAway, here is a
sample privacy policy
, which you should feel free to adapt if it seems appropriate for your
situation. (This was the privacy policy for the original Puget Sound deployment during the time it was operated by the University of Washington. It thus includes information about both OneBusAway as a
service and as a research project.)
Please consult other current regional policies for additional examples. (The different regional sites are all linked from the
OneBusAway Deployments page
).
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/testflight/:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
United States, English
Choose your country/region
Summary of Key Terms:
• Crash logs and statistical information related to your use of each Beta App will automatically be provided to Apple and the Application Provider as part of TestFlight.
• You may submit suggestions and ideas to the Application Provider of the Beta App.
• Beta Apps may crash and result in data loss in those Beta Apps.
• If you already have the full version of an app, installation of a Beta App may result in data loss.
• You can stop participating in a beta test for a Beta App by deleting the Beta App from your device.
-----
Your use of the TestFlight service (“TestFlight”), including any beta testing of any pre-release applications for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, or other Apple-branded hardware downloaded through TestFlight (“Beta Apps”), is governed by the following terms and conditions (“TestFlight Terms of Service”). Except as specifically amended below, full Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions for your region apply and are hereby incorporated by reference, and defined terms shall have the meanings set forth in the Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions, except as noted herein. For the purpose of these TestFlight Terms of Service, the term “Licensed Application” shall include Beta Apps. See Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/.
Specific Terms for Beta-Testers
Children under the age of 13, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, are not permitted to use TestFlight. If you are 13 or the equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction or older, but under the age of 18, you should review this Agreement with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand and agree to the following terms.
TestFlight is designed to help third-party developers (“Application Providers”) beta-test and improve the performance of their pre-release applications for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, or other Apple-branded hardware and to provide beta-testers with Beta Apps. If an Application Provider authorizes you as a beta-tester and you choose to download the corresponding Beta App from the Application Provider via TestFlight, then conditioned on your compliance with these TestFlight Terms of Service, the Application Provider grants you a limited, non- exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicensable license to access, download and use the Beta App for which you have been selected as a beta-tester and any related documentation available online, solely for beta- testing purposes for a limited time and subject to these TestFlight Terms of Service.
As between you and the Application Provider, and aside from the limited license set forth above, the Application Provider owns all right, title and interest in the Beta App, including but not limited to intellectual property rights. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you may not: (a) modify, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any Beta App; (b) rent, lease, loan, sell, sublicense, distribute, transmit, or otherwise transfer any Beta App; (c) make any copy of or otherwise reproduce any Beta App; or (d) display any Beta App to unauthorized third parties without the Application Providerʼs authorization.
You agree to use reasonable efforts to beta-test any Beta App.
You acknowledge that you understand that Beta Apps are pre-release, alpha, or beta software and may be incomplete or could contain errors or inaccuracies. You should not use Beta Apps in a commercial operating environment or with important data. You should back up any data prior to using any Beta App on your Apple-branded device. Neither Apple nor the Application Provider shall be responsible for any costs, expenses or other liabilities you may incur as a result of using any Beta Apps, including but not limited to any damage, loss, or corruption of any software, information or data. Further, Beta Apps may not be compatible with production Apps. If you have a production version of a Beta App already installed on your Apple-branded device, you should back-up any data associated with such app prior to installing a beta version since data may be corrupted or lost between different versions of the same app. You expressly acknowledge and agree that any use of Beta Apps is done entirely at your own risk.
In addition, if you have the full version of an app installed on your device and you install the same Beta App, your app data may be corrupted or lost and may not be recoverable. You should back up your information before installing a Beta App. Solely for the purposes of testing a Beta App and only for the duration of such test, any in-app purchases made within the Beta App will be made available to you at no cost and such purchases will not be charged to your Account. If you purchase or download the App from the App Store, your data may not remain available from within the full version. We recommend that you back up your data before deleting the Beta App or purchasing the full version from the App Store.
Beta Apps provided by Apple and/or third-party developers may not be available in all languages or in all countries, and Apple makes no representation that the Beta Apps are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. To the extent you choose to access and use the Beta Apps through TestFlight, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws. Beta Apps are time-limited and TestFlight may change, limit, or cease providing access to Beta Apps any time without notice or liability to you. You further understand and agree that certain information about a Beta App downloaded via TestFlight may not be available to you prior to download, including without limitation the Beta App's age rating, minimum hardware requirements, and the availability of items available for purchase within the Beta App (i.e. in-app purchases). By downloading a Beta App, you consent to using the Beta App without such information and disclosures.
You acknowledge and agree that you will not be compensated for evaluating any Beta App or for any Beta Input, and you will bear all of your own costs from using TestFlight and any Beta Apps (e.g., mobile carrier and data costs). Further, you hereby acknowledge and agree that the content contained in, and your use of, any Beta App that is not already publicly available shall be considered confidential unless the Application Provider explicitly authorizes public disclosure. You agree to hold the Beta App in confidence and to treat it as confidential, e.g., not share it with others who do not have the Beta App installed.
If you have a complaint about a Beta App, you should send it directly to the Application Provider. You acknowledge and agree that the Application Provider, not Apple, is fully responsible for any Beta App, unless Apple is the licensor of such Beta App.
Beta Testing Data and Beta Feedback
When you use a Beta App through TestFlight, Apple and the Application Provider will automatically collect crash logs and usage data (“Beta Testing Data”) and you may not opt-out of the collection of Beta Testing Data.
TestFlight will also provide you with the ability to submit written or visual feedback (e.g., screenshots and comments) about the Beta Apps to Apple and/or Application Providers (“Beta Feedback”). If you submit Beta Feedback, you acknowledge and agree that you do so at your own initiative and that the Application Provider (including Apple, if it is Appleʼs Beta App) will have the right to use your Beta Feedback as set forth below. You represent to the Application Provider that you have all the necessary rights to give the Beta Feedback and to grant the rights to the Application Provider.
The Application Provider may use the Beta Testing Data and Beta Feedback to improve their App and related products, and may contact you regarding your use of their Beta App. The Application Providerʼs use of Beta Testing Data and Beta Feedback is subject to limitations and requirements set forth by Apple in the Apple Developer Program License Agreement and to the Application Providerʼs Privacy Policy. Apple may use the Beta Testing Data to improve its products and services.
Beta Testing Data and Beta Feedback may include personally identifying information, including in the screenshots you provide, such as when a screenshot includes your photos or image and likeness, and information about your device, including but not limited to various unique device identifiers, hardware and operating system specifications, performance statistics, and data about how you use your device, system and application software, networking information, and peripherals. When you use TestFlight and the Beta App, details will be provided regarding what data is sent to Apple and the Application Provider, and how the information may be used. You can learn more by visiting https://testflight.apple.com/#privacy-data . At all times, Apple will handle your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which can be viewed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/.
Apple is committed to diversity and to providing a safe, harassment-free experience for everyone. Beta Feedback should be respectful and should not include offensive, malicious, or derogatory writing, images, or screenshots.
NO WARRANTY
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF TESTFLIGHT AND ANY BETA APP ACQUIRED VIA TESTFLIGHT IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. BETA APPS MAY HAVE SOFTWARE, SERVICE, AND OTHER ERRORS AND YOUR USE OF TESTFLIGHT AND/OR BETA APPS DOWNLOADED VIA TESTFLIGHT MAY NOT BE CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, ERROR FREE, OR FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER MALICIOUS CODE AND MAY NOT STORE DATA ACCURATELY OR AT ALL. FEATURES AND FUNCTIONALITY OF TESTFLIGHT AND BETA APPS DOWNLOADED VIA TESTFLIGHT ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND MAY CEASE TO BE AVAILABLE TO YOU AT ANY TIME WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TESTFLIGHT, BETA APPS ACQUIRED VIA TESTFLIGHT, AND ANY SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY TESTFLIGHT AND/OR SUCH BETA APPS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND APPLE AND THE APPLICATION PROVIDER HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO TESTFLIGHT, THE BETA APPS, AND ANY SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND OF NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. APPLE AND THE APPLICATION PROVIDER DO NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF TESTFLIGHT AND/OR THE BETA APP, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY TESTFLIGHT AND/OR THE BETA APP WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE BETA APP OR TESTFLIGHT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE BETA APP OR TESTFLIGHT WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLICATION PROVIDER OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE BETA APP OR TESTFLIGHT PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Termination
To terminate your participation in beta-testing a particular Beta App, delete the Beta App from your device. Deleting the Beta App from your device will also delete any data you have generated within that Beta App, and may delete any data created in a previously installed full version of the App. Deleting the Beta App will not delete Beta Testing Data or Beta Input that you, TestFlight, or the Beta App have already provided to the Application Provider and Apple. To request deletion of your personal information, contact the Application Provider or Apple directly. Apple and/or the Application Provider reserve the right to terminate your participation in the beta testing of any Beta App at any time, in their sole discretion. By way of example, this termination may occur if you provide Beta Feedback that contains offensive and inappropriate images to the Application Provider.
06/21/2023
Sub-policy 1
https://onebusaway.org/sample-privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Sample Privacy Policy
OneBusAway – Sample Regional Privacy Policy
This page is a copy of the OneBusAway privacy policy for the original Puget Sound deployment during the time it was operated by the University of Washington.  It thus includes information about both OneBusAway as a service and as a research project. Please feel free to adapt it in writing other regional privacy policies, and consult other current regional policies for additional examples.
—-
We value your privacy, so we want to be explicit about what kind of personal information is involved when you interact with OneBusAway. If you have any questions or comments, feel free to let us know.
We’re first going to describe some general principles behind the privacy policy, and then describe the specific details of what information is used and collected, how long it is kept, and provisions for opting out.
General Principles
OneBusAway is both a research project at University of Washington and a service provided to transit users throughout the Puget Sound region. Here are the general principles that guide our privacy
policy.
Access Statistics
This pertains to OneBusAway as a research project. We want to gather information about such things as how many different people use OneBusAway, and how often they use it and in what part of the region, to both tell us how our tools and our transit systems are being used and to help improve the usability of OneBusAway. Our goal for information of this kind is to only store aggregate, non-personally-identifiable information. However, to gather this aggregate information accurately, we do need to store a small amount of personally identifying information for a limited time (less than 24 hours), so that for example we can count the number of unique users of the system. We don’t proactively collect other data for research purposes.
Specific research projects
We may invite some OneBusAway users to participate in specific research projects in which we gather more detailed information. However, participation in any such study will be voluntary and we will always ask your permission before enrolling you. We will follow all the standard Human Subjects protocols for such a study, including requesting your informed consent.
Personal settings
This pertains to OneBusAway as a service. &nbsp;OneBusAway can give you more useful, personalized information if it can associate this information with your account. For example, it can keep track of your bookmarks for frequently used stops, or your default search location. Any such information that is personally identifiable will only be shown to you alone (in the form of bookmarks, search areas, and so forth).  This information is stored for an indefinite length of time.  However, you can delete this
information at any time, and can opt out entirely from having it stored.
Session information
This also pertains to OneBusAway as a service. In the course of a single session with OneBusAway, the system stores a variety of information necessary for its functioning. For example, we keep track of your last requested stop so that we can quickly present it again at your request. This information is deleted as soon as the session ends.
Specific Details
Access Statistics
When you use any of the OneBusAway tools, your interactions with the site produce a lot of personally sensitive information. Requesting information for a particular bus stop, for example, provides a good indication of where you are at the time of the request. We securely and temporarily log this interaction
data for no more than 24 hours before it is permanently deleted. In addition to specific interaction logs, we also keep a count of the total number of unique users of our tools over the course of the week.
As noted above, interaction and usage data gives us important information about how our tools and our transit systems are being used and helps us improve the usability of OneBusAway.
Personal Settings
As noted above, OneBusAway can give you more useful, personalized information, such as your default search location or bookmarked stops, if it can associate this information with you. We store these
personal settings in a secure database and use this information only to power the various OneBusAway interface, indexed either by a cookie or by your phone’s caller ID. In addition, the app phone
interfaces (iPhone, Androids) may also store personal settings information directly on the phone.
Default Search Location
When you use the web, phone, and SMS interfaces, we associate a default search location with your account. The default search location is typically at a zip-code level of granularity.  We use the default search location to return search results appropriate to your area, especially as more transit agencies are added to OneBusAway.  For example, when searching for “route 10”, your default search location helps us decide if we should tell you about the Route 10 in Seattle, or the Route 10 in Tacoma.
Bookmarks
In the phone and SMS interface, we allow users to bookmark their frequently accessed stops. We store this information so that users don’t have to remember the stop numbers for their favorite stops, but users should also be aware that stop bookmarks provide hints to the places they frequently visit.
Most-recently accessed stop
We store the most-recently accessed stop for each user so that the user can quickly access that stop again when checking through the phone and SMS interface.
Controlling Your Personal Information
OneBusAway provides ways of both clearing and opt-ing out completely of the storage of personal settings. Instructions for each app are forthcoming.