Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Customers
This privacy statement (‘’Statement’’) explains how Takeaway.com Group B.V. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“JET”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal data and applies to the processing of personal data of customers who make use of one of our platforms and products, including order website, app, platform and products, JET’s platform, products and services for business (‘’JET for Business’’) (collectively, the “Services”) to place orders with a restaurant partner, grocery store, convenience store or other business partner (“Partner(s)”) which offers products or services for delivery via our Services.
We may use your personal data to provide delivery services for orders placed on the Partner’s own website, application or ordering platform. In such circumstances, we will process data received from such Partner(s) in accordance with this Statement.
This Statement applies also to the processing of the personal data of all customers’ assigned employees and users who make use of one of our JET for Business products and platform.
At JET we are committed to protecting the privacy of everyone in our community.
What personal data we process and why
Personal data, in this Statement also referred to as “your data”, means any information or set of information from which we are able, directly or indirectly, to personally identify you, in particular by reference to an identifier, e.g. name and surname, email address, phone number, etc. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
Whenever you interact with JET via our Services we collect and process your personal data. JET may process your personal data for the following purposes:
1.
Ordering process
We process the personal data you provide to us when you place your order. This personal data is necessary to execute your order, confirm your order, and to assess your order, payment, and a possible refund. Your information (such as the items you add to your basket) allow us to process your order and send you an accurate bill. It also helps us and any Partner you order with contact you where necessary. Some Partners on our platform use our third party delivery companies which may use your information to provide you with status updates on the delivery of your order. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data in the ordering process:
Name
Address data
Contact data
Order and transaction data
Payment data
Identity and/or age verification data
As part of our Services we may sell products that may reveal sensitive personal data, such as health-related information (allergies or dietary requirements), information about your religion (such as to keep your religious dietary restrictions ), information about your medical condition (e.g. pharmacy products, medicines, medical devices, medicated creams, food supplements or herbal/homoeopathic products) or about your sexual life via our Partners. We will collect and process this data with your consent as part of your order.
We may engage in the sale and delivery of restricted products or Services. To comply with our legal obligations as may be imposed by the applicable laws we may implement verification procedures governing the sale and delivery of these products including your age and identity verification via automated and biometric means. For this purpose we may ask you to present a valid, government issued identification document and JET will not be obliged to perform and complete its Services if you do not cooperate for the required verification procedure.The legal basis for this processing of personal data is your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law.
2. Partner & Courier reviews
After your order, you may be asked to submit a review of Partners and/or couriers. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law.
JET processes the personal data you provide when submitting a review. You can withdraw your consent by contacting us. We may process the following personal data when you post a Partner and/or courier review:
Name
Contact data
Review
When your review is published, the review, and your first name, may be made available to couriers, Partners and/or the public.
3. Customer Services and Support
When you contact our customer services support, we will use the personal data you provide to answer your question or handle your complaint. We may collect personal data under call recordings to provide customer support, including to investigate and address user concerns and to monitor and improve our customer support responses and processes.
We may also collect your personal data if you submit us a notice in relation to presence of any suspected item in our Services which you may consider as ‘’illegal content’’ as defined in the EU Regulation 2022/2065 of the European Parliament and of the Council (‘’Digital Services Act’’) or as may be required under any applicable law; and also to provide you with an access to internal complaint handling system and/or to take required suspension measures and protection against misuse of our Services.
Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data for customer service purposes:
Name
Address data (if applicable)
Contact data
Order and transaction data
Payment data (if applicable)
Comments (if applicable)
Content of communication between you and customer services department
Any other content that may be required for compliance with the applicable laws
4. Customer Accounts
If you interact with our Services you are given the opportunity to create an account with us either via our platforms or via using third-party social login service(e.g. Apple, Google, Facebook Login or other platforms) where the privacy statement of the relevant third-party will also be applicable to you in addition to this Statement. If you do not wish to create an account with us, we also provide you with the option of proceeding with a guest account to complete your purchase with us. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. You can withdraw your consent and/or delete your account by contacting us. The withdrawal or deletion of your account may have negative consequences on your user experience. We may process the following personal data for customer account purposes:
Name
Address data
Contact data
IP address
Social media account information
Credentials
(applicable for Just Eat for Business)
5. Loyalty programs (in applicable markets)
JET has several loyalty programs to provide you with offers and discounts. When you make use of one of our loyalty programs, we process your personal data to provide you with the discounts or offers as set out in the respective loyalty program. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. One of our loyalty programs is the loyalty shop, where you may claim offers from external partners. Some of the loyalty shop partners require your personal data for shipping purposes. We may process the following personal data processed for the loyalty shop and shipping of your order:
Name
Address data
Contact data
6.
Customer research
To ensure that our Services are consistent with your preferences, your personal data may be used for purposes such as conducting product, user research or satisfaction surveys. We only send you these types of communications with your prior consent unless this is not necessary according to the applicable law. Participation in the customer satisfaction surveys is completely voluntary. If you do not wish to receive these surveys you can unsubscribe from them in the messages itself. We may process the following personal data for research purposes:
Name
Contact data
Order and transaction data
Research input
7. Marketing
We also process your personal data to be able to send you (personalised) marketing communications and notifications to administer, support, improve and develop our Services. There may be cases where JET may process your personal data for promoting JET and third-party offers, products and services. Depending on the circumstance, where permitted by applicable law we may rely on legitimate interest (or equivalent under applicable data protection law) or your consent to optimize or extend our marketing reach and communication relevance. Whenever you want to change your preferences with respect to receiving such communications, you can unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link or method indicated in the messages, in your account settings or by contacting us. In cases where we rely on legitimate interest (or equivalent under applicable law) for (personalised) marketing activities you can object to this processing contacting us via our
privacy form
. We may process the following personal data for marketing purposes:
Name
Address data
Contact data
Order and transaction data
Review(s)
Campaign data
Device ID
Cookie and Technology data
In order to enable us to personalise your user experience with JET and optimise our Services offered to you, we may use automated decision making and profiling for marketing purposes.
8. Cookies
&
Similar Technologies
JET uses cookies or similar technologies for functional, analytical, and marketing purposes. Data processed for this activity depends on the preferences set by you.
You may find further information in our
Cookie Statement
about our use of cookies and/or similar technologies. You can always change your cookie settings via managing your preferences in the Cookie Statement, and/or your settings in the tool you use to browse. Please note that disabling cookies may deny you the ability to use some of the Services and/or features on the website or impair your user experience.
9. Fraud prevention
We also process personal data to prevent misuse on and via our Services. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, to comply with law or our legitimate interest (or equivalent under applicable data protection law). We may process following personal data for fraud prevention purposes:
Name
Address data
Order and transaction data
Payment data
Device information
IP address
Browser information
10. Analytics & Product Improvement
JET uses your personal data to be able to improve our website and our range of products and Services and to be able meet our reporting obligations towards third parties which may also include advertisers. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, to comply with law or our legitimate interest (or equivalent under applicable data protection law). We aim that the reports do not contain any information that can be traced back to you.
11. Campaigns & Contests
JET may launch specific campaigns or contests in connection to its Services. Joining JET campaigns or contests is always on a voluntary basis. We may rely on your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. You can always withdraw your consent via method indicated in the campaign or by contacting us.
We may process the following personal data for campaigning purposes:
Name
Contact data
Order and transaction data (optional)
Campaign data (optional)
12. JET for Business
We process personal data if you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services, when using or interacting with JET for Business products and services, to issue and ship the JET for Business card, and/or to provide you with the digital allowance. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. The following personal data may be processed in connection with JET for Business:
Name
Address data
Employment data (job role, department, contractual hours)
Contact data
Allowance data
Order and transaction data
JET for Business card information
Payment data
The JET for Business card is partnered with card issuing and card transaction services provider Adyen, which also qualifies as an independent data controller. The processing of some of the above personal data by Adyen is covered by the Adyen's privacy statement, which can be viewed here
Adyen’s privacy statement
and we recommend you to read as this applies in addition to this Statement.
Additional purposes
We will only use your personal data for the purposes described above. If we want to use the data for a different purpose, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law.
How we collect your personal data
We acquire, process and retain your personal data, as well as personal data about devices you use to navigate to JET platforms (e.g. your computer, mobile phone or other means), which you provide to us by ordering, creating an account or otherwise by contacting us.
We process personal data that you provide voluntarily, that we collect automatically and that we obtain from third party sources for the purposes outlined in this statement.
Personal data that you provide voluntarily:
We may receive personal data provided from you when you place your order, create an account with us or provide for your marketing preferences or customer reviews in connection to our Services.
Personal data that we collect automatically:
With your prior consent or when permitted by applicable law, when you browse our platforms, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing activities and patterns. We use this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. For our cookie statement, please refer above
(Cookies & Similar Technologies)
for more information.
We may allow you to use social media sites to create your account or link your account to the relevant social media site. These social media sites may provide us with automatic access to certain personal data they hold about you (e.g. content viewed by you, content liked by you, and information regarding the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on). Where we receive such information, we may use this information to further personalise your experience with us in line with your marketing preferences.
Personal Data that we obtain from third-party sources:
We may receive personal data from third party sources, including advertising networks and social media platforms or technical payment and delivery services providers which may be located outside EU for purposes such as to support procurement of our Services, to measure the performance of marketing campaigns for our Services; and better understand your preferences so that we can customise our marketing campaigns and Services accordingly. Where we may receive such personal data, we have checked that these third parties either have your consent to process the information or are otherwise legally permitted or required to share your personal data with us.
Age
Our Services are not intended for persons defined as underage by applicable local laws, nor do we intend to collect personal data of visitors who are under the defined legal age. However, we are unable to verify visitors’ ages. We therefore advise parents and/or legal guardians to monitor their children's online activities, to prevent their personal data being collected without parental or guardian consent. If you feel that we have collected personal data of a minor without consent, please contact us via our
privacy form
.
We shall endeavour to put in place appropriate and proportionate measures to ensure a high level of privacy, safety, and security of minors in our platforms in accordance with applicable laws.
Use of Automated decision-making and algorithmic tools
We may use automated decision making, and algorithmic tools for the performance of our contract with you, to fulfil our obligations or to improve our platforms and Services. For example:
JET uses automated decision making in processing your address data and/or location data to select available Partners in your local area; and to avoid money laundering, terrorism financing, and other criminal offences.
JET uses algorithmic tools for personalised content (profiling), recommendations and smart chat functionalities to enhance our Services and your user experience, to keep our platforms safe, and to support the overall optimisation of our Services.
You will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making, unless we have a lawful basis for doing so and we have notified you. If you want to object to this type of processing and exercise your rights, you can contact us via our
privacy form
. We will then proceed to reassess the situation and/or provide you with more information about why and how such an automated decision was made.
How long we keep your data
JET, as a globally operating company, has to take into account various local data retention requirements. We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, tax, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we take into account the following criteria:
(i) the period required to serve the respective business purpose;
(ii) to the extent reasonably necessary to comply with an applicable legal requirement; or
(iii) as advisable in light of an applicable statute of limitations.
In the event the data falls into more than one retention terms category, the category with the longer retention requirement shall prevail, other requirements (such as access, security etc.) notwithstanding.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you. If you have any questions on the way we retain your personal data you can contact us via our
privacy form
.
Sharing your personal data with Partners
If you order through our Services, JET may share your personal information (order, name, address, or contact data) with the Partner you selected so that the Partner can deliver your order and where necessary services, for instance to resolve your complaint. Partners may process your personal data to contact you if it is necessary to fulfil the contract with you.
You are a direct customer of the Partner, and therefore the Partner bears its own responsibility and obligations for the processing of your personal data. For questions about how the Partner handles your data, we suggest you contact the Partner directly.
Sharing your personal data in terms of JET for Business
If you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services or by using JET for Business card, JET shares personal data (such as email address and data about your order and allowance) with the person that grants you the allowance (which might be your employer, business partner etc.) for performing our contract with this person. Please note that the person that grants you the allowance has its own responsibility and obligation with respect to the processing and protection of your personal data. If you have any questions about how your personal data is used by this corporate entity, please contact them directly. The person that grants you the allowance also shares personal data with us to allow us and the JET for Business card service providers to provide services to you.
Sharing your personal data with others
JET may work with other companies within the JET group and/or other third parties in order to carry out the processing described in this Statement and/or to comply with legal obligations.
These group companies and third parties will process your personal data on behalf of us as data processors or as autonomous data controllers (or in a position as so defined or referred under applicable data protection law including concepts as the equivalent of controller or processor), and have access to your personal data for the purposes described in this Statement. We require group companies and third parties to protect your personal data in accordance with the standards set out in this Statement and we take appropriate measures pursuant to the applicable data protection law to guarantee the same level of protection and confidentiality.
We may also share your data with other third parties where appropriate or required by applicable law or regulation (including a court order or legal authority request) or where we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with legal obligations, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or to protect the vital interests of any person. Such third party controllers may include law enforcement agencies.
We may also disclose your personal data to any company or prospective buyer of all or substantially all of our assets in connection with any sale or transfer of those assets.
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties:
JET’s affiliates, subsidiaries and/or group companies of JET
Software providers such as providers for software, hosting, application support, delivery, logistics, information security, etc
Third parties who undertake various activities to promote, market or support our Services. This includes social media platforms, offshore customer support agents, marketing service providers, eCRM partners who manage our marketing emails and push notifications, partners who send you text messages when your order is on its way, delivery companies who deliver your order to you.
Implementation partners
Merchants, payment and card service providers such as Adyen (for their privacy statement please see
here
) and marketing service providers
Customer satisfaction survey firms and/or market research companies
Loyalty shop partners
Professional consultants
Law enforcement, governmental or regulatory authorities (including insurance companies, visa and tax authorities)
Prospective buyers
Any other third party provided that you have given your consent to the disclosure
Third-party websites
Our website may include links to third-party websites. When accessing such third-party websites, please note that each of these websites has its own privacy statement. Although JET takes great care in selecting websites to link to, we cannot take responsibility for the way in which they handle your personal data.
Where your data gets sent
JET operates, and processes personal data globally. This may result in processing of your personal data in countries, including the United States, whose data protection laws may differ from those where you live.
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, Israel, Australia and the UK, please be aware that we may process and/or transfer your personal data outside of these aforementioned countries. This may include transferring personal data to or accessing it from other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions that may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the your local- and/or data protection laws (“Non-Adequate Country”). You may see the list of Adequate Countries
here
as adopted by the European Commission.
When we transfer personal data outside the countries listed here we adhere to applicable and appropriate safeguards and transfer mechanisms to ensure safe transfer of your personal data. We provide appropriate and adequate protection for the transfers of personal data to countries outside of the aforementioned countries through a series of agreements with our service providers based on
Standard Contractual Clauses
adopted by the European Commission (and their approved equivalents for
the UK
and
Switzerland
), and the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (
“
EU-U.S. DPF
”)
, the
UK Extension
to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (
“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”
), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. You may request a copy of the contractual clauses applicable to transfer of your personal data depending on which country your personal data may be transferred to.
In addition to appropriate contractual safeguards we adopt following organisational and technical measures for protection of your personal data during its transfer outside of the aforementioned countries including:
securing personal data when in transit, including through encryption, and at rest;
mandating training regarding privacy and data security at JET;
implementing internal policies and procedures to limit access to, and use of customer personal data; and
limiting unauthorised access to your personal data, except where required by applicable law or you have consented to the access.
You may contact us via our
privacy form or the contact details set out below
if you need more information on cross border data transfers, or to request copies of applicable contractual safeguards.
Your privacy rights
How to exercise of privacy rights or complaints
If you have any questions about your privacy rights or you wish to exercise the above mentioned rights you may contact us via our
privacy form
or the contact details set out below.
We will do our best to address your request in time and free of charge, except where it would require an excessive and disproportionate effort. In certain cases, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
Regarding requests related to processing or sharing of personal data related to JET for Business, please contact the employer that grants you the JET for Business allowance (which might be your employer, business partner etc.). This is required because JET and the person that grants you the allowance have a separate responsibility with respect to the processing and protection of your personal data.
We inform you that, with regard to your personal data, you can exercise the rights provided for by, and pursuant to applicable data protection laws, which may include:
Right of access
You have the right to access and be informed about your personal data processed by us. You can request a copy of your personal data by contacting us.
Right to withdraw consent
In case the processing is based on a consent you may withdraw your consent at any time free of charge. Withdrawing a consent may lead to fewer possibilities to use our Services. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Right to rectify
You have the right to have incorrect or incomplete personal data we have stored about you corrected or completed by contacting us. You can correct or update some of your personal data through your customer account.
Right to erasure
You may also ask us to delete your personal data from our systems. We will comply with such a request unless we have another legal ground to not delete the data in terms of applicable laws.
Right to object
You may have the right to object to certain use of your personal data if such data is processed for other purposes than necessary for the purposes set out in this Statement or for compliance with a legal obligation. If you object to the further processing of your personal data, this may lead to fewer possibilities to use our Services.
Right to restriction of processing
You may request us to restrict processing of personal data for example when your data erasure, rectification or objection requests are pending and/or when we do not have other legal grounds to process your data. This may however, lead to fewer possibilities to use our Services.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive your personal data processed in accordance with this Statement in a machine-readable format, so that you can store this data in a database of yours or of a third party.
Right to lodge a complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you consider that processing of your personal data is infringed.
Security
JET takes personal data protection seriously and we therefore take appropriate measures to protect your personal data against misuse, loss, unauthorised access, unwanted disclosure, and unauthorised alteration.
Within JET we limit the access to your data as much as possible and only provide our employees access to your data on a “need-to-know” basis.
If you feel that your personal data are not adequately protected or there are indications of misuse, please contact us on
privacy form
.
Contact us
Unless otherwise indicated, Takeaway.com Group B.V. is the controller of your personal data.
If you need to contact us to make requests or if you have any questions and concerns about this Statement and/or our privacy practices and processing activities, please contact us via our
privacy form
For Just Eat for Business (City Pantry Ltd.)
here
For Menulog Pty Ltd. please contact
here
For Just Eat UK please contact
here
For Takeaway.com Group B.V.
here
Just Eat Takeaway.com Data Protection Officer - Takeaway.com Group B.V.
Piet Heinkade 61
1019 GM Amsterdam
Netherlands
Updates to this Statement
We may update this Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Statement, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. Where required by applicable data protection law, we will obtain your consent to any material changes to this Statement.
For clarification, it should be noted that the use of the term “Partner” or any similar expression in this Statement does not imply or establish a partnership, employer-employee, or agency relationship of any kind between the mentioned party and JET.
We encourage you to periodically review this Statement for the latest information on our privacy practices.
To the extent we have local language versions, the English version of this Statement shall prevail in case of conflicts or discrepancies between the different language versions.
This Statement was lastly updated on 22/07/2024.
Print or save to PDF
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacyportal-de.onetrust.com/webform/5fffb107-8d8a-49e5-bdda-be5d78615bc7/5e662c3e-31ca-49fe-a8b1-bfef7431a149:
Use this form to submit your privacy-related request or question to the Just Eat Takeaway.com Privacy Council.
This form is strictly for privacy related queries. We respect your privacy and will process your personal data strictly for the purpose of handling your privacy request. Some information is required (see ‘*’) to allow us to handle your privacy request. All personal data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Notice.
Country
Enter the country where you ordered, applied, or worked.
For Partners: Enter the country where you are located.
*
Subject Type
Required
Customer
Just Eat Takeaway.com Employee
Applicant
Partner
Courier
Courier Type
Required
Just Eat Takeaway.com Courier
Restaurant Driver (own delivery)
First Name
Last Name
Enter the last name of the data subject
Email
Enter the email address you used to place orders; apply for a position or communicate during your work.
Request Details:
Please provide information about your request or complaint.
0/ 5000
Request Information
A
fter clicking "submit request" you will be sent an automatic email from our system OneTrust in order to verify your identity at the email address you filled in. If you did not receive an email notification, please check your spam folder.
By clicking the "submit request" button you are confirming that your request details are accurate. The request will be processed in accordance with, and subject to, the applicable law(s).
Submit request
Enter the country where you ordered, applied, or worked.
For Partners: Enter the country where you are located.
Please select if you used our services as a customer or corporate customer.
Please select if you are employed by JET.  Do not select if you are a courier.
Please select if you applied for a position at Just Eat Takeaway.com.
Please select if you are a Restaurant or Grocery Partner owner/employee.
Please select if you pick up orders from a restaurant(s) and deliver orders to customers.
Example: Scoober Courier
Courier working for a partner of JET
Enter the last name of the data subject
Enter the email address you used to place orders; apply for a position or communicate during your work.
Please provide information about your request or complaint.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.adyen.com/policies-and-disclaimer/privacy-policy:
Transaction
Compliance obligations
Embedded financial products
Security
Marketing
Website
Other
Privacy Statement
Please read this privacy statement if you would like to know more about the way Adyen and its
group companies around the world
(hereinafter referred to as “Adyen” or “we”) collect and process your personal data. This privacy statement applies to the processing activities in which Adyen acts as a data controller.
It is important to us that your personal data is handled carefully, and that you are well informed about the way we process your personal data. This privacy statement tells you what data we process – including how, why and how long we process it for – and informs you of your data privacy rights.
Adyen reserves the right to update its privacy statement at any time. Such updates will be made and posted on our publicly available website
https://www.adyen.com/privacy-policy
.
Version as of June 4, 2024.
Download as PDF
Hi there,
We have updated our Privacy Statement as of the June 4, 2024. To read the previous (March 2023) version, please click
here
.
General information
Adyen is a financial technology company operating under a banking license. This means that Adyen provides its customers with payments and other financial products, including payments processing for its customers and platforms via credit card, bank transfer, and other payment methods, card issuing, (merchant) bank accounts, fraud detection, and other financial services. It is also important to note that Adyen N.V. is supervised by the Dutch Central Bank as a regulated bank under Dutch law. In addition, Adyen and its group companies are supervised by various regulators and authorities, as applicable, around the globe.
You may have seen Adyen on your bank statements if you have bought something, automatically renewed a subscription, or received a payout from one of Adyen’s customers. If you would like more information about any of these charges, you can use
Adyen’s Look Up Charge Tool
.
If you would like to exercise your
data subject rights
(outlined below) under data privacy law, please use
Adyen’s Privacy Form
.
You may have the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to to certain exceptions:
Right to access
: You may have the right to ask us for the specific personal data that we have collected from you in a portable and (where technically possible) usable format.
Right to know
: You may have the right to verify that we have collected personal data about you, as well as know what personal data we have collected about you. This includes, as applicable, the categories of personal data we have collected, the sources from which we collected that personal data, the business or commercial purposes for which we collected, “sold”, and “shared” that personal data, the categories of personal data that we “sold”, “shared”, or disclosed to third parties for business purposes and the categories of third parties to whom we “sold”, “shared”, or disclosed personal data. You can also contact us if you want to know more about the data we process for our legitimate interests.
Right to deletion
: You may be entitled to request that we delete the personal data that we have collected from you. We will use all commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, in compliance with applicable laws. Please note, however, that we may need or be required to keep such information, such as for our legitimate business purposes, or to comply with applicable laws.
Right to opt-out of sales and sharing of personal data to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising:
You are entitled to opt-out of sales of your personal data to third parties and to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising, if applicable. You can opt-out of sales and sharing of your personal data by visiting our Cookies Policy and disabling the ‘Sale or Share of Personal Data’ toggle in the Cookies Preference Center,  or by contacting us using one of the methods below. If you have enabled the Global Privacy Control mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharing” when you use our website. Adyen seamlessly processes the Global Privacy Control (GPC) signal if enabled on your browser, device, or platform. Please visit
this page
to learn more about enabling the GPC.
Right to object to the processing of your personal data:
You are entitled to object to us processing your personal data. In addition, where you have given your consent for us to process personal data, you can withdraw this consent at any time. Please note that Adyen maintains a record of withdrawals of consent to ensure that we do not contact you in the future.
Right to opt-out of profiling:
As defined under privacy laws, Adyen may profile customers to determine their eligibility for certain financial products, or to offer them certain financial services. Please note that opting-out of profiling will mean that you are no longer eligible for these financial products or services.
Right to correct your personal data:
You may have the right to update inaccurate information that we process about you.
Right to exercise rights without discrimination
: You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise the rights conferred to you by applicable privacy laws.
These rights may be limited under applicable laws, and are also subject to technical feasibility. For example, if we collect your personal data in our role as a service provider to one of our customers, you will need to contact that customer directly to exercise your rights.
Please note that we may require additional information from you to verify your identity and process your request. Alternatively, you can submit a request through an authorized representative using the contact methods described below. If you use an authorized representative, we may require a copy of their signed permission to act on your behalf. We may also need to verify your identity directly and ask you to confirm the representative’s authority.
To exercise your rights, your information will be disclosed to our privacy management third-party service provider. Please be informed that Adyen has implemented the appropriate safeguards to ensure your information is adequately protected.
Some of the information you send us may be disclosed to other Adyen group companies outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). These countries encompass the countries in which we have operations (you can find a full list
here
).
If you are a resident in Quebec, some of the information you send us may be disclosed to Adyen group companies outside of Quebec.
To protect your data when it is transferred to countries outside of the EEA, we have implemented appropriate safeguards. When we transfer data to our Adyen group companies, the transfers are protected by an intragroup agreement containing Standard Contractual Clauses. For transfers to our services providers located outside of the EEA, we rely on Standard Contractual Clauses. If you would like to know more about these safeguards, you can contact us using the details below, under “Contact us”.
We use third parties to offer you our website, as well as our products and services. Where necessary, we will disclose your information to our service providers and professional advisers (e.g. IT providers, KYC partners, CRM providers, marketing support providers (such as agencies that manage our social media accounts), social media providers such as LinkedIn, analysts, customer service providers, business development providers and legal service providers). We have established agreements with our service providers to protect your personal data.
If our business is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers, and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
We may disclose information to third parties in connection with legal claims, or when we have a legal obligation to do so. We may also disclose information with your permission (such as if we wish to disclose your details with another group company for their recruitment purposes).
The table below provides a summary of the categories of personal data that we collect and disclose to service providers and other third parties.
Name, date of birth, contact information, bank account number, tax identification number, nationality and national identification number, and job title, including biometric data. Birth certificates for parents or guardians of minors (children ages 13-17).
When you sign up for Adyen services. We are legally obliged to collect this information.
Adyen discloses this information to identity and verify providers and screening partners, including credit reference agencies, and may disclose this information to regulatory authorities upon request or for mandated reporting. Adyen may disclose this information to payment schemes, local payment providers, debt collecting agencies, and other third-party service providers, depending on the services acquired. Adyen may also make such information available to Platform customers you have signed up with.
Your name, business email, phone number, company name, and website.
When you fill out our sales form and when we  communicate with you. Adyen collects this information for marketing purposes, and for providing our products and services.
Adyen discloses this information with our customer relationship management (“CRM”) service providers so they can reach out and further build a relationship.
Name, bank account numbers and credit card numbers.
When you sign up for Adyen services. Adyen is legally obliged to collect this information, and it also helps us to provide our products and services.
Adyen discloses this information with customers for our embedded financial products, card printing partners for our  Issuing product, and with law enforcement agencies in compliance with legal orders.
Credit card details, debit card details, transaction amount, date and time of transaction.
When you purchase a good  or a service from an Adyen customer. Adyen collects this information for the purpose of providing our products and services.
Adyen discloses this information to our customers in our Customer Area, to authorities pursuant to legal orders, and to the selected payment schemes, such as Visa and Mastercard, and local payment methods upon request. Adyen may disclose this information to regulatory authorities upon request or for mandated reporting.
Cookies
When you visit Adyen’s website. Adyen collects this information for marketing purposes.
Adyen discloses this information to IT providers, CRM providers, social media providers, and advertising networks for its own advertising purposes.
Social Security number, driver’s license, or identification document, and passport.
When you sign up for Adyen services. Adyen is legally obliged to collect this information.
Adyen discloses this information to identity verification providers, including credit reference agencies, to tax authorities as legally required, and regulatory authorities upon request or for mandated reporting.
Adyen does not use or disclose this sensitive personal information for any other purpose.
Adyen does not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal data of individuals under 16 years of age.
We reserve the right to use de-identified or aggregated data for any purpose without limitation, and we will not attempt to re-identify the information.
We will only keep your data for as long as we reasonably need to for the purposes listed above, or as otherwise required by law.
Questions, comments, requests, or complaints concerning this privacy statement or the way we process your personal data are welcomed and can be addressed to our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@adyen.com
or  Simon Carmiggeltstraat 5-60, 1011 DJ Amsterdam, the Netherlands, or to
lgpd@adyen.com
if you are located in Brazil.
If you would like further details on any of the third parties your personal data is “sold” to or “shared” with, would like to know the purpose of their data processing, the manner in which data is processed, or how you can communicate with such third party to exercise your data privacy rights, please contact
dpo@adyen.com
, or
lgpd@adyen.com
if you are located in Brazil.
If you have a complaint about the way we handle your personal data, you also have the right to address this to the data protection authority of the country in which you live or work, or the country in which we are located.
Learn more
Transaction
Compliance obligations
Embedded financial products
Security
Marketing
Website
Other
Cookie Policy
You can read more about how we use cookies, how we share your data with our partners, and how you can change your settings on our Cookie Policy. To learn what personal information we collect about you, the purpose we process your data for, and how you can opt-out of the sales or sharing of your personal information, please see our
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Cookie Preference Center
When you visit our website, we may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to do. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Social Media Cookies
We only place social media cookies if you have given us your permission to do this. Social Media cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make our content and advertising as relevant to you and your interests as possible. These cookies are also used to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns by tracking the number of clicks. The cookies are usually placed by third party advertising networks. They remember the websites you visit and use this information to give you access to interesting and exciting content on our website and to show you more personalized adverts when you visit other websites. These cookies also help improve your browsing experience, for example by helping to prevent the same advertisement from reappearing to you. Additionally, social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter can use cookies to see if you are logged in and allow you to "like" content or forward it to your friends. Depending on your settings, these third parties may use your information for their own purposes, such as advertising. If you would like to know more how these social media platforms use data, please refer to the privacy notices of these platforms.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label