OUR HOUSE RULES
Like anything, there are a few rules around using our websites, apps and social media pages. We've done what we can to make them simple and straight-forward and we've split them up into three bite-sized chunks.
When we say
House Rules
, it includes any or all of the following:
General House Rules
Our standard rules around using the site to keep everyone safe.
Social House Rules
Special rules for when you join the conversation online.
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to keeping your personal information safe. You can read our
Privacy Policy here
.
Competition Rules
The standard rules which apply when you enter TVNZ-run competitions.
Throughout these House Rules we talk a fair bit about our websites, apps and social media pages. So to make things easy, we'll just refer to them as our sites.
GENERAL HOUSE RULES
These are our standard rules around using any of our sites. That includes videos, pictures, logos and anything else you might find there.
Please read these rules carefully before you get started.
Accepting the rules
1. When you use or users of your account use the site, you agree to stick to the House Rules and any laws that apply.
2. If you don't agree with the rules, please don't use the site.
You are responsible for anyone who uses your account (including those people who have their own profiles on your account).
3. We may tweak or update these rules from time to time. So it's a good idea to check-in occasionally and make sure you're up to date. If you keep using the site, we'll take it that you continue to agree with the House Rules.
Who can use the site?
1. To register for our TVNZ+ site, you need to be 13 or older and you need to be located in New Zealand. If you're over 13 but under 18, you can only register if your parent or guardian says it's okay. In that case, it's on them to read, understand and agree to these House Rules.
2. Parents and guardians: you are responsible for what your kids watch and do on the site. Not all content will be suitable for younger users. To help with this, you can create kids' profiles for younger viewers. To understand how our content is classified and who it is most appropriate for, see the classifications guidance here
link
.
3. Our site is only for personal use and for our TVNZ+ site, for people located in New Zealand only. You must not use it to advertise or sell stuff.
Please keep your login and password secure or set up a profile for anyone who is using your account. You are responsible for anyone using your account, including younger viewers. We can't block specific users or remove their viewing activity once they have access.
Intellectual property
1. Everything on our site is protected by intellectual property laws such as copyright and trademarks. That means somebody owns it (in many cases, us).
2. While you're free to enjoy our content, you can't just help yourself for things like copying, changing, showing in public or (unless we specifically suggest it) posting on another site.
3. Our content is restricted to users in New Zealand. This is because TVNZ only has the rights to show it here. If you're outside New Zealand, please don't try and get around this, because it's an infringement of the copyright owners' rights.
We're very careful to protect the ideas and content on our site so that the people who create content can create more of it.
Viruses and hacking
1. We need to protect our site and everyone who visits it, so don't even think about:
a. Sending any bugs or viruses
b. Stealing or interfering with any data or personal information
c. Attempting to hack into the site or its servers.
2. We will not be responsible for any loss or damage to your computer if it's infected by a bug or virus as a result of visiting our site.
Ad blocking
Since our advertisers help pay for the content you love; you're not allowed to use ad blockers on our site.
Links to and from the site
We have no control over other websites that are linked to ours. So if you visit any linked site, it's your responsibility to guard against viruses, unpleasant content or other destructive elements.
Our rights to use your content
When you upload content (which by the way, must follow our 'Social House Rules'), you're giving us the right to use it however we choose, free of charge. You're also giving us permission to use your name in connection with it.
>But don't worry, your content remains your property and you're free to keep using it (or letting others use it) unless you give us ownership of it or exclusive rights to it (e.g. for a specific competition).
Keeping an eye
1. We don't actively monitor or moderate the site, but we do check in from time to time. If you're planning to post or share something that breaks the
Social House Rules
, we can:
(a) not post it
(b) remove it
(c) ask you to stop using the site
(d) cancel your user registration
(e) block you from our social pages.
2. If you think someone else is breaking the rules, you can get in touch with us using our
Contact Us
form. Please be clear about your concerns and give us constructive, detailed information.
Important legal stuff
1. Naturally, we want you to enjoy using our site. But it's important to be clear that your use of the site and any of its content is entirely at your own risk.
2. If you're downloading our apps, please make sure you go through the official platforms who support our apps. You can find out who these are
here
. We don't support the use of any other third party platforms.
3. All content on our site (whether it's ours or user-generated content) is designed to provide general information. We don't guarantee that its accurate, and you shouldn't rely on it for advice. We can't take responsibility for any decisions you make after reading something on our site.
4. The site is provided as is with no guarantees of any kind. In particular, you should know that we can't guarantee security, accuracy or freedom from bugs and viruses.
5. We're not liable for any loss or damage that might result from:
(a) Using the site
(b) Any statement made on the site
(c) Infringement of intellectual property or privacy rights (other than those covered by our
Privacy Policy
).
6. You agree to cover us for any fines, fees or other costs that may result if you break the rules.
7. These rules are under New Zealand law, so any disputes relating to the site will be sorted in the New Zealand courts.
8. Our site is designed to help bring you the best entertainment in New Zealand. So the most important rule of all: enjoy it!
SOCIAL HOUSE RULES
TVNZ uses social media to inform and engage our audiences about our channels, apps, shows, events, personalities, news, competitions and anything else that may be of interest to our viewers and users. Please note that we don't always monitor feedback so we cannot guarantee you will receive a reply. Any content that is out of line with our House or Social rules may be deleted or other action taken as appropriate. Links we use, along with any association with other sites we may publish, do not infer TVNZ has any alignment of views or values with these third parties.
If you'd like to get in touch please do so
here
. To keep our site and social pages fun for everyone, there are some special rules for uploading and sharing content. Please have a read, get to know them and make sure you stick to the rules when using our site and social pages.
Keep private stuff private.
1. Remember, our sites are public. So only post stuff you don't mind other people seeing. That means it's not a good idea to post personal details about yourself or others.
2. Make sure you get the okay from everyone who features in any videos or images you share.
Be honest
Don't pretend to be other people, companies or brands. And obviously don't claim other peoples' work as your own.
Keep it clean
1. Remember, our site is meant to be a fun place to visit, so it's important that people feel safe. Anything that's threatening, harmful or offensive is not okay. This includes dodgy usernames or profile pictures.
2. Everyone has opinions. And we're keen to hear them. But be nice about it.
3. If you feel like someone is posting or commenting inappropriately, or you're being personally harassed, please let us know through the site, or by sending a direct message to us using the
Contact Us
form.
4. Needless to say, any links to pornography or anything inappropriate will be deleted.
5. Keep it clean. Literally - make sure your content is bug and virus free.
Don't break the law
1. Never post any videos, images or text showing or referencing criminal activity, or anything that breaches any court orders or injunctions.
2. Don't post any content (including music, videos or images) that isn't yours, unless the copyright owner says it's okay. E.g. if your profile picture is Mickey Mouse, you'd better make sure you look a lot like him, or have explicit permission from DisneyTM.
Don't flood, spam or advertise
1. Flooding is when the same content is posted over and over in the same place. Spamming is posting the same content in lots of places. Please don't do it. If people didn't respond the first time, they probably won't the second time. Or the twentieth.
2. This is not the place to promote your business or anything really. So don't post ads, pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk mail, surveys, contests or anything like that. No spoilers.
Not everyone's seen what you've seen, so, giving away plot developments that are yet to be broadcast in New Zealand is a quick way to make yourself very unpopular. Don't be
that
person.
Your posts. Your responsibility.
Everything you contribute to the site is your responsibility and is in no way endorsed by TVNZ.
COMPETITION HOUSE RULES
We usually publish specific terms and conditions for each competition we run on that competition's page on our website, but if we haven't published any then these Competition House Rules will apply.
The Basics
1. These competition house rules and the competition notice that sent you here form the terms and conditions for the competition (
the Rules
).
2. By entering the competition, you agree to the Rules. If you don't agree to them, please don't enter.
3. Until a prize is awarded, TVNZ can cancel or change the competition or any of the Rules at any time, for any reason. Changes will take effect when they are posted in the Rules.
4. TVNZ has the final say on the competition and the Rules.
5. To enter competitions, you must be a New Zealand resident, be 18 or older (unless a younger age is permitted in the competition notice) and meet all the other criteria in the competition notice.
6. We need to make sure our competitions are all above board, so unfortunately you're not allowed to enter if you're connected to TVNZ or the competition. This applies to employees of TVNZ, the programme producer, any company involved in the competition and TVNZ's advertising agencies and web companies. It also applies to these peoples' immediate families and flatmates. If the competition is being run through Facebook, Facebook employees aren't able to enter either.
7. When applying, you must tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
8. Unless we've stated otherwise, only one competition entry per person please.
9. We've let you know the entry period in the competition notice. Sorry, but we can only accept entries received during this time.
10. We can disqualify you if we think that you've breached any of the Rules. But we're nice, so we'll be fair about it.
11. You agree that we can keep your entry and use it however we want (including to promote TVNZ and the competition). This includes photos, artwork or other stuff you submit with your entry.
12. You agree that we can publish your name and home city in connection with the competition. You also agree that we can take photos and videos of you to use for publicity purposes.
13. We won't be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by you or anyone else in connection with the competition or your use of the prize (if you win). If the competition is being run through Facebook, you agree that they will not have any responsibility either.
14. Sometimes things don't go as planned. If our competition is derailed for any reason, e.g. infection by computer virus, tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, technical failures or zombie apocalypse, we'll have the right to cancel, postpone or change the competition.
15. In many cases we run competition in conjunction with other companies. By agreeing in the tick box on the Competition page to hear from another company, you consent to that company's own privacy policy, and to receive commercial electronic messages marketing and promoting that company's goods or services.
You also consent to receiving any electronic messages containing updated information in relation to the company's news and various other information of related interest. You may unsubscribe at any time to receiving such messages by following the unsubscribe process specified in any such electronic message that you receive. TVNZ will not be responsible for any of these messages or unsubscribing you from these messages - this will be the sole responsibility of the company.
16. TVNZ respects privacy rights under the Privacy Act 2020. That means there are a bunch of rules that we stick to, particularly around collecting your personal information. You can read more about this in our
Privacy Policy
.
17. These Rules and the competition will be run under NZ law.
If you win
18. If we can't get hold of you within 48 hours of the prize draw, we'll have to select another winner. So make sure you check your email and keep your phone handy!
19. For some competitions (e.g where there is international travel involved), we may need to do further checks to make sure you're eligible. You agree to help us out with that.
20. Unfortunately prizes can't be traded in for cash. Unless of course they're cash prizes. Then you'll get cash.
21. Prizes are personal to the winners and can't be transferred to someone else unless we agree. If you can't accept the prize for any reason (e.g you can't travel on the necessary dates), we can award the prize to another winner.
22. If you're disqualified for any breach of these Rules (e.g. we find out you don't match the eligibility criteria), we'll choose another winner.
23. It doesn't happen often, but sometimes we need to change a prize. If we do this, we'll swap it out for something which is worth the same (or even more!).
24. If we ask, you agree to appear in a promo (for free) for TVNZ or the competition promoter.
25. Sometimes there can be tax implications with winning a prize. We wouldn't want there to be any surprises for you, so suggest you talk to someone about this before you accept the prize.
If you win a trip
You lucky thing! But there are some additional rules that come with winning a trip that you need to know about.
26. We may ask you for a copy of your passport. This is to make sure we book your tickets in the right name (always important) and can check that it will be valid as necessary for the travel dates. You will need to obtain your own travel visa. If you are unable to get the travel visa, TVNZ will be entitled to draw another winner.
27. Once confirmed, travel dates and names of those travelling are locked in. That means you can't change them without incurring extra fees. Blackout dates and expiry dates for travel may apply.
28. You agree that we can record some (or all) of the trip, that we'll own the footage and can use it however we like. We won't use the footage for any commercial endorsement which isn't linked to the competition without your consent. Sometimes we might ask you to take the recording for us and you agree to help us out with this.
29. Except as expressly set out in the competition notice, the prize doesn't include the cost of passports, visas and other travel incidentals (including spending money, medical expenses, airport or hotel transfers, insurance, meals, and hotel extras). You'll need to have a credit card to give to the hotel to cover your mini bar late night feast and spa bill.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://corporate.tvnz.co.nz/privacy-policy/:
PRIVACY POLICY
1. TVNZ (Te Reo T
ā
taki) is New Zealand’s state-owned, commercially funded broadcaster. Our purpose is to inspire the conversations of Aotearoa and enrich the lives of New Zealanders. We do this by providing Kiwis with breaking news, live sport and compelling entertainment.
2. TVNZ engages with New Zealanders across the motu, and viewers play an important role in informing the advertising and content decisions we make. We want you to feel safe when you visit our channels and platforms. Our Privacy Policy (“Policy”) tells you when and how we collect your information, what information we collect, what we do with it and how we might share it.
3. Whenever we collect and use your information, we comply with all applicable laws in New Zealand, including the New Zealand Privacy Act 2020.
4. Thank you for taking the time to read our Policy.
About this Policy
5. This Policy applies to any personal information we collect or receive when we provide our services or when you interact with us. When we say "your information" in this Policy, we mean your personal information or personal data, which means any information about you.
6. When we say "us" or "we", we mean TVNZ. This Policy applies to all the services we offer, including TVNZ+, 1 NEWS, Re: and The Green Room.
7. If you don't agree to this Policy, please stop using our sites, apps and services. You can also de-register if you'd like to stop hearing from us – we explain how to do that at paragraph 29 below.
8. Some of our services may have their own privacy policies, which will be relevant to you when you are using those services and they will take priority.
9. We may need to change or update this Policy to reflect the law or changes to our practices. If we do, we'll communicate the changes in a way we think is appropriate. Any changes will apply from the day we communicate them.
Who does the Policy apply to?
10. This Policy applies to:
(a) Anyone who uses our services. This includes anyone who:
(i) registers an account with us;
(ii) visits the TVNZ+, 1 NEWS or Re: websites or apps, or any other TVNZ websites or apps;
(iii) engages with our social media pages; or
(iv) uses the Green Room services.
(b) Anyone who enters one of our competitions (excluding Blacksand competitions).
(c) Anyone who interacts with us, e.g. if you're making a complaint or asking a question.
(d) Anyone who applies to be part of a programme via an application form on a TVNZ service.
11. If you let anyone use your account on TVNZ+ or any of our other services, e.g. your family members with their own separate profiles, please make sure they have read this Policy, as we may collect their information too.
12. If you give us information about anyone else, it's important they have agreed to you giving us their information and that they are aware of this Policy. If they haven't agreed, then please don't provide that information to us.
What information do we collect?
13. Depending on which of our services you use, we may collect:
(a) Contact details so we can recognise you, register and protect your account and so we can get in touch with you. These may include your name, email address, gender identity, year of birth and password.
(b) Details about any profiles you create on your account, including any kids profiles.
(c) Details about how you use our services or how anyone using your account uses our services.  This includes what and when you watch, what content you view and what you add to your watchlists. This helps give us a better idea of what shows to tell you about, what content and ads to show you and to improve our services and your experience on our services.
(d) Your device ID, IP address, location, device type and the version of our app you're using.
(e) Information about the quality of the service you are receiving.
(f) Copies of any communications you send us or call recordings if you call us.
(g) Information you provide when you sign up to a competition.
(h) Financial details (which may also include your address) you provide if you pay for our products or services.
14. If you may be appearing in one of our shows, except our news and current affairs shows (which fall under separate newsgathering practices), we will normally get you to sign a form and tell you how your information may be used. If you apply to be part of one of our programmes via an application form, or if you apply to be a contestant on a reality show, we will collect information from you (or anyone you authorise) to help us consider your application.
15. So we can improve the accuracy of information we hold about you (e.g. for your customer profile) or to make sure the services and ads we provide are relevant, we sometimes collect information about you from:
(a) our advertising partners, our commercial partners or from third parties that specialise in helping our advertising partners find the right people to show their ads to; and
(b) any other third parties where we believe you have consented or we can do so under the Privacy Act.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
16. If you use one of our sites, we use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect viewing and usage information. This helps us undertake analytics and reporting to understand what is popular with our services and how we can improve them. Cookies and other tracking technologies help us know when you visit our sites, where you are, what you look at and how you got there (like if you clicked through from an email we've sent or an online ad).
17. We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your experience on our sites, including keeping you signed in, showing you content that is relevant to you and working with our commercial partners to deliver you relevant advertising.
How do we use your information?
18. We use your information in different ways depending on how you engage with us. We want to make sure we make your experience as relevant to you as possible, so we use all the information we collect about you whenever you use any of our services and we combine it to create a profile about you. This means we might match the information we have about you from when you use TVNZ+ and 1 NEWS or when we collect other information about you e.g. from our advertising partners when you have agreed to this and when we are able to do so under the Privacy Act. This allows us to better understand your preferences, to personalise your experiences when you use any of our services and to make sure you see more relevant content and ads.
19. If we do any matching with information provided by another party and we need to use a specialist third party provider, we won't share the results of that matching process with any other party, unless your information has been aggregated and anonymised.
20. When you register for or sign up to any of our services, we may assign you a unique ID number. This gives you a better experience because it means we can still recognise you if you sign in using the same account on a new device or through a different app such as the TVNZ+ app.
21. We also use your information in the following ways:
(a) To send you advertising, including online, via social media, mail, email or text message.
(b) To improve your experience on our services or to provide you with ads that are more relevant to you:
(i) We try to make sure you only see ads that will be relevant or of interest to you. This could be ads for our shows or ads from our advertisers.
(ii) We sometimes use your information in an ad that is shown to you, or users, of your TVNZ+ account. For example, you might see an ad addressing you by first name or offering goods or services near your general location.  Where we use a third party to insert your information into an ad, we do not share your name or information with any advertiser or give an advertiser permission to use your information (except for aggregated and/or anonymised information) unless you've given us permission to do that. If you’d like to opt-out of receiving ads which use your first name, you can request this through our
Contact Us
form.
(iii) We may display ads for our shows we think you'll be interested in when you are using Facebook and Instagram through a tool offered by Facebook called Custom Audiences.  You can check and change your Facebook ad settings here:
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences
(iv) We may also display ads for our shows we think you’ll be interested in when you are using Google apps and services like YouTube and Google Search.  We do this through Google’s Customer Match tool. You can manage your Google Ad settings here:
https://myadcenter.google.com/controls
To learn more about interest-based advertising, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Choice page at:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
.
(c) To track our ads to see who is watching them and on what device.
(d) To make your experience of TVNZ services more personalised. This includes personalising your homepage and generating recommended content.
(e) If you get in touch with us as part of our news and current affairs services, we may use any information you give us as part of our reporting.
(f) To communicate with you. This might include responding to your questions, sending you surveys to better understand how we can improve our services or understanding what functionality you're not using and why, answering any issues you may have, and considering your application to appear on a TVNZ show.
(g) To operate our competitions.
(h) To improve our services, including testing new products.
(i) For commercial, finance and revenue reporting to optimise future ad delivery and total experiences on our platforms.
(j) To provide aggregated and anonymised reports and analysis to our advertising and commercial partners, our agencies and our content distributors.
(k) To look at website traffic, analyse trends and generally help us build a big picture view of how our sites are working. These insights are important because they help us to make the sites better for you and our advertisers. One of the ways we collect this information is by using AGB Nielsen Media Research Digital Content software. This is a service that collects web statistics, like the number of people who visit the site, how people use it, the number of pages viewed, what content is watched, what devices are used, and how long users spend on the site consuming our content. Information collected in this way is aggregated by Nielsen and will not be used to identify you directly.
(l) Nielsen may also randomly ask visitors to complete short site surveys. Nielsen aggregates this information with other third party services to create anonymised content ratings. These ratings are useful for us, our advertisers and our industry.
(m) Other software we use includes Google Analytics which does the same sort of thing as Nielsen and helps us to anonymously collect similar website statistics and insights about how our sites are being used. These pieces of software work by storing a cookie or token in your browser or app (if you've enabled cookies) which contains a unique identifier to track the number of unique visitors to our site. These systems don't identify you personally or store any personal information unless you have agreed directly with the provider.
(n) So our suppliers can provide services to us.
(o) So we can comply with the law or to make sure anyone using our services complies with the law, this policy or our House Rules.
22. We only keep your information for as long as we need, e.g. when we need it for personalising your experience, where we need it to improve our services or when delivering other services to you.
When do we share your information?
23. We are very careful if we have to share your information. We never sell your information to any third parties but do sometimes have to share your information so we can provide our services and make sure they are relevant to you. We may share your information in the following ways:
(a) We provide audience lists to service providers such as Facebook, Amazon and Google so we can deliver personalised and targeted ads to you on those platforms. This helps you see ads about shows we think you will want to watch or products we think you'll like.
(b) We may provide some of your information to third party suppliers to provide services to us or on our behalf in connection with our sites and for the purposes we explain in this Policy. We'll make sure that these suppliers commit to comply with the Privacy Act.
(c) Our third party service providers who help us with troubleshooting, data engineering, data pipeline building, modelling and technical issues.
(d) To our advertising and commercial partners, our agencies and our content distributors, but we only ever share this information in aggregated and anonymised form to provide things like insights, so you are never identified.
(e) Where you have asked us to or given us permission.
(f) Where we are able to do so under the Privacy Act, including responding to requests from law enforcement agencies.
How do we keep your information safe?
24. We know your information is important and we make sure we comply with the Privacy Act.
25. We take steps to keep your information secure, whether your information is stored in New Zealand or with trusted service providers based overseas.
26. When we store or share your information with anyone, we make sure we take steps to protect your information.
27. Our sites and apps may contain links to and from websites that aren't controlled by us. If you follow a link to any other website, they have their own rules around privacy – we suggest you check these. We don't accept any responsibility or liability for anyone else's policies or for any transactions that you enter into with them.
Your privacy: what choices and rights do you have?
What if you want to take a break?
28. We send push notifications to anyone using our services on mobile devices. Permissions for push notifications are managed by you via your mobile device settings.  We also send you promotional material via email, this is managed by you in your TVNZ+ account.
29. You can de-register from TVNZ+ through our
Contact Us
form. If you de-register, we'll delete your name and email address from our database within 30 days and we'll delete any other information we hold about you, unless we need to keep it.
What if you want to access your information?
30. Under the Privacy Act, you will typically have the right to request to see the information we have about you. You can also ask us to correct your personal information that's inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete or irrelevant.
31. If you'd like access to your information, please request this through our
Contact Us
form.
32. More information on your rights is also available at the Office of the Privacy Commissioner's website at
https://www.privacy.org.nz
.
How can you get in touch with us?
33. If you have any questions or want to make a complaint, you can contact us through our
Contact Us
form.