Terms of Use
Effective Date: March 12, 2025
Versión en Español:
https://www.iheartradio.com/terms-es-us
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
MOBILE DEVICES
PRIVACY AND PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
ACCOUNTS, SECURITY, PASSWORDS
USER CODE OF CONDUCT
FEES
PREMIUM SERVICES
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
EXCEPTIONS
LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY
INDEMNIFICATION
MODIFICATION/TERMINATION BY IHEART
LINKS
SOFTWARE AND DOWNLOADS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE
NO INTERNATIONAL USE
PURCHASES FROM
THIRD-PARTY MERCHANTS
ADVERTISEMENTS, SPONSORSHIPS, CO-PROMOTIONS AND OTHER PARTNERSHIPS
EVENTS
USER
MATERIALS; UNSOLICTED SUBMISSIONS OF WORKS AND ENGAGEMENT WITH THE SITE
ADDITIONAL SERVICES
CONTESTS/SWEEPSTAKES
ARTIFICIAL
INTELLIGENCE
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY
DISPUTE RESOLUTION; CLASS ACTION WAIVER; JURY TRIAL WAIVER
GENERAL
This site or application (“iHeart Site” or “Site”) is owned or managed by iHeartMedia, Inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries, including iHeartRadio, iHeartMedia, Premiere Networks, and TTWN (collectively “iHeart,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). iHeart provides quality entertainment brands such as broadcast and Internet radio stations. These Terms of Use (“Terms”) cover all iHeart Sites that link to these Terms.
To the extent the functionality or service described in these Terms does not appear on the iHeart Site with which you are interacting, the terms and conditions related to such functionality or service does not apply to your use of the iHeart Site.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE CONTINUING TO ACCESS, BROWSE, OR USE THIS SITE. THESE TERMS AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING BY LIMITING IHEART’S LIABILITY, WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, AND REQUIRING THE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES ON AN INDIVIDUAL, NON-CLASS BASIS. SEE
SECTION 10
AND
SECTION 24
.
The Sites are intended only for individuals or businesses in the United States. Although the Sites may be accessed from around the world, they have been designed to comply with the laws of the United States. If any material on the Sites, or your use of the Sites, is contrary to the laws of the country where you are when you access it/them, the Site is not intended for you, and you should not access or use them. See
Section 15.
Your use of the Sites is personal to you and subject to your compliance with these Terms. Please read these Terms carefully before using the Sites. Your use of the Sites constitutes your acceptance to be bound by these Terms without limitation, qualification or change. If at any time you do not accept all the terms and conditions of these Terms, you must not use the Sites. These Terms set forth iHeart’s policies solely with respect to its operation of the iHeart Sites. Other terms and policies may govern iHeart’s non-Internet operations.
If you are entering into these Terms on behalf of a company, business, or other legal entity, by using the Sites you represent that you: (a) are of the age of majority in your jurisdiction, and (b) have the authority to bind such entity to these Terms. In this case ‘you’ means the company, business, or other legal entity on whose behalf you are proceeding.
If you are entering into these Terms for your personal, non-business use of the Site, you represent that: (a) you are a legal resident of the United States; (b) you are at or above the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence or if you are not, that you are 13 years or older and have obtained parental or guardian consent to enter into these Terms; and (c) you own or have sufficient authorization to use the computer, mobile device, technology or other device you use to access this iHeart Site (collectively, “Device”).
Some parts of this iHeart Site may contain adult content intended for people who are at or above the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence. By viewing this adult content, you are representing that you are at or above such legal age of majority and that the content is acceptable to you.
Certain products or services offered by the Sites (each an “iHeart Internet Service,” and collectively “iHeart Internet Services”) may be governed by additional terms (“Additional Terms”) presented to you in conjunction with those products or services. You agree to these Additional Terms when using those areas or iHeart Internet Services. The Additional Terms and these Terms taken together, shall apply to your use of the iHeart Internet Services. In the event of an inconsistency between the Additional Terms and these Terms, the Additional Terms shall control.
YOU MAY NOT USE ANY IHEART SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE THAT IS UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED BY THESE TERMS, AND/OR ANY ADDITIONAL TERMS. YOUR ACCESS TO ANY IHEART SITE MAY BE TERMINATED IMMEDIATELY IN IHEART’S SOLE DISCRETION, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE, IF YOU FAIL TO COMPLY WITH ANY PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS AND/OR ANY APPLICABLE ADDITIONAL TERMS, OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION, OR FOR NO REASON AT ALL.
iHeart reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter, or otherwise change these Terms and/or the Additional Terms at any time. iHeart will notify you of any changes to these Terms and/or the Additional Terms by updating the “Effective Date” at the top of the page where such terms are posted. Please review these Terms and/or Additional Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of this iHeart Site constitutes your acceptance and agreement to be bound by these changes without limitation, qualification or change. If at any time you do not accept these changes, you must immediately discontinue use of this iHeart Site and/or the iHeart Internet Service to which the changes may apply.
You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining at your own expense all equipment, hardware, software, and telephone, cable, mobile, wireless, Internet and other services necessary to access, visit and/or use the iHeart Internet Service. If you are accessing the iHeart Internet Service via a mobile device, your mobile carrier may charge you fees for data, text messaging, and other mobile access or communications services.
There are locations on the Site where you may be asked to provide your personal information.  iHeart has a Privacy Notice that describes its practices with respect to the collection, use, disclosure and protection of personal information. You can find the Privacy Notice, which is incorporated into these Terms, here:
https://www.iheartradio.com/legal/privacy
. By using this iHeart Site you acknowledge the disclosures set forth in the Privacy Notice.
If this iHeart Site or iHeart Internet Service requires you to open an account, you must complete the specified registration process by providing us with current, complete, and accurate information as requested by the applicable registration form. It is your responsibility to maintain current, complete, and accurate registration data. After you have fully completed the registration, you may be asked to choose a password and a username. It is entirely your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your password and account. Additionally, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You may cancel your account by contacting customer service or by following the instructions in any applicable Additional Terms.
You are responsible for any username and password that is associated with your account. It is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your password, if one is established. You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account, and agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account.
In accessing and using this iHeart Site and/or the iHeart Internet Services, you agree that you will not:
Deliver any unsolicited advertisement, promotional materials, junk email, bulk email (also known as “spam”), chain letters, surveys or contests, or solicit participation in any pyramid schemes.
Deliver any unlawful (according to applicable law or regulation) postings to or through this iHeart Site, or any postings which advocate illegal activity.
Deliver, or provide links to, any postings containing material that could be considered harmful, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, profane, insulting, threatening, harassing, hateful or otherwise objectionable.
Deliver, or provide links to, any postings containing material that harasses, victimizes, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, age, or disability.
Deliver, or provide links to, any postings containing defamatory, false or libelous material.
Deliver any posting that infringes or violates any intellectual property or other right of any entity or person, including, without limitation, copyrights, patents, trademarks, laws governing trade secrets, rights to privacy, or publicity.
Deliver any posting to that you do not have a right to make available under law or contractual or fiduciary relationships. Impersonate another person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, or adopt a false identity if the purpose of doing so is to mislead, deceive, or defraud another.
Manipulate identifiers, including by forging headers, in order to disguise the origin of any posting that you deliver.
Deliver any posting containing personal information, such as phone numbers, social security numbers, account numbers, addresses or employer references.
Use this iHeart service in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair or otherwise interfere with the use of this iHeart Site or other users’ Devices, or cause damage, disruption or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to this iHeart Site, any related website, other accounts, computer system, or networks connected to this iHeart Site, through hacking, password mining, or any other means.
Obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through this iHeart Site, including harvesting or otherwise collecting information about others such as email addresses.
Except where otherwise provided, access to and use of this iHeart Site and the iHeart Internet Services are currently available without charge. iHeart reserves the right to charge a fee for access to or use of this iHeart Site, or any iHeart Internet Service at any time in the future. Your access to or use of this iHeart Site while it is available at no charge does not entitle you to use of this iHeart Site without charge in the future.
Some iHeart subscription services, may be offered to you conditioned on your payment of a fee (each, an “iHeart Premium Service”). By using the iHeart Premium Service, you agree that in addition to these Terms, you will be subject to any charges and rules set forth in the Additional Terms for that service. The Additional Terms may include automatic renewals and periodic recurring charges (e.g., monthly, quarterly, or annually), and details about our third-party payment processor and any terms and conditions that it may have in order for you to use its services. Your payment method will be charged until you cancel the iHeart Premium Service.
Terms and Conditions for iHeartRadio subscriptions are available
here
.
YOUR USE OF, AND RELIANCE ON, ANY ADVICE OR INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH THIS SITE AND/OR IHEART INTERNET SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. ALL CONTENT, INCLUDING SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, TEXT AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS/AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. IHEART EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, INFORMATIONAL CONTENT, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THE RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES.
IHEART DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS THAT THIS IHEART SITE (OR ANY SERVICES AVAILABLE ON THE SITE) WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS IHEART SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. IHEART DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING SUITABILITY, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF ANY MATERIAL OF ANY KIND CONTAINED WITHIN THIS IHEART SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE.
IHEART IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY FAILURES CAUSED BY SERVER ERRORS, MISDIRECTED OR REDIRECTED TRANSMISSIONS, FAILED INTERNET CONNECTIONS, OR ANY COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER TECHNICAL DEFECT, WHETHER HUMAN OR TECHNICAL IN NATURE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER, EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIABILITIES AND DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, IHEART’S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
IN NO EVENT SHALL IHEART, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, DISTRIBUTORS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, AGENTS OR OTHERS INVOLVED IN CREATING, SPONSORING, PROMOTING, OR OTHERWISE MAKING AVAILABLE THIS IHEART SITE AND ITS CONTENTS, BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: (1) LOSS OF GOODWILL, PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES; (2) YOUR INABILITY TO USE THE IHEART SITE; (3) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR TAMPERING WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR TRANSMISSIONS; (4) THE PROVISION OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE ANY SERVICE; (5) ERRORS OR INACCURACIES CONTAINED ON THIS IHEART SITE; (6) ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THIS IHEART SITE; (7) ANY PROPERTY DAMAGE INCLUDING DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM CAUSED BY VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, DURING OR ON ACCOUNT OF ACCESS TO OR USE OF THIS IHEART SITE OR ANY SITE TO WHICH IT PROVIDES HYPERLINKS; OR (8) DAMAGES OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS IHEART SITE AND IHEART INTERNET SERVICES. THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF IHEART HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless iHeart, its subsidiaries, agents, distributors and affiliates, and their officers, directors and employees from and against any and all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from your breach of any provision of these Terms, the Additional Terms, if any, or otherwise arising in any way out of your use of this iHeart Site or any iHeart Internet Service, or iHeart Software (as defined in
Section 14
). You agree to cooperate fully with iHeart in asserting any available defenses in connection with a claim subject to indemnification by you under these Terms.
iHeart reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, suspend, or terminate this iHeart Site and/or any portion thereof, including any iHeart Internet Service, and/or your account, password, or use of any iHeart Internet Service, or any portion thereof, at any time for any reason with or without notice to you.
Termination of your account for an iHeart Internet Service removes your authorization to use the iHeart Internet Service. In the event of termination, you will still be bound by your obligations under these Terms and any Additional Terms, including the warranties made by you, and by the disclaimers and limitations of liability for your use prior to termination. Additionally, iHeart shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to an iHeart Internet Service.
This iHeart Site may contain links to websites, applications or other services operated by third parties (the “Linked Sites”). iHeart does not monitor or control the Linked Sites and makes no representations regarding the Linked Sites. iHeart is not liable or responsible for the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability or availability of, any of the content uploaded, displayed, or distributed, or products, or services available at the Linked Sites. If you choose to access any Linked Site, you do so at your own risk. Your use of the Linked Site is subject to its  terms of use and privacy policy, which you should review. The presence of a link to a third-party site does not constitute or imply iHeart’s endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation of the third party or of the content, products, or services contained on, or available through, the site. You use Linked Sites at your own risk.
Any software that is made available to access, use, view and/or download in connection with an iHeart Site or iHeart Internet Service, including applications, podcasts, audio streaming, or video streaming (“iHeart Software”), is owned by iHeart and/or its licensors, affiliates and suppliers and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Your use of the iHeart Software is subject to a limited, revocable, license to use the iHeart Software for your private, non-commercial use. iHeart accepts no responsibility or liability in connection with any iHeart Software owned or controlled by third parties.
Mobile Apps
Your download of any iHeart mobile application from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store is governed by these terms below:
Our mobile applications (“Apps”) are designed to work on compatible iOS and Android mobile devices and are generally available through third-party mobile stores (i.e., Apple’s App Store or the Google Play Store (each an “App Store”)). If you are accessing the Site through an App, you agree that you will read each App Store’s terms and conditions that apply to your use of the App. You agree that your mobile service carrier or Internet service provider is responsible for its products and services. Accordingly, you agree to resolve any problems with your mobile device directly with your carrier or provider without involving us.
Terms Specific to Apple Mobile Devices
.
If you are accessing or using the Apps on any Apple mobile device, the following additional terms and conditions are applicable to you and are incorporated into these Terms by this reference:
To the extent that you are accessing the Apps through an Apple mobile device, you acknowledge that these Terms are entered into between you and iHeart, and that Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) is not a party to these Terms other than as a third-party beneficiary as contemplated below.
iHeart in its sole discretion will determine when the Apps will be available on any Apple mobile device, and reference to any device in these Terms shall not guarantee that iHeart will launch the Apps on any or all of the Apple mobile devices.
When accessing and/or using the Site via the Apps, the rights granted to you in this Section 14 are also subject to the permitted “Usage Rules” set forth in the App Store Terms of Service located at
http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html
and any third party terms of agreement applicable to the Apps. You are also subject to the Apple App Store Terms of Services, which you also acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to review.
You acknowledge that iHeart, and not Apple, is responsible for providing the Apps and content thereof.
As between iHeart and Apple, iHeart is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to the Apps that iHeart may offer (which, if provided, is provided at iHeart’s sole discretion). You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish maintenance or support services with respect to the Apps.
You and iHeart acknowledge that iHeart, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any of your claims or any third-party claims relating to the Apps or your possession and/or use of the Apps, including, but not limited to, (1) product liability claims; (2) any claim that the Apps fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (3) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
Further, you agree that if the Apps or your possession and use of the Apps infringes a third party’s intellectual property rights, iHeart, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim, but only to the extent it relates to your use of the Apps.
With respect to this Section 14 only, you acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
When using the Apps, you agree to comply with any and all third-party terms that are applicable to any platform, website, technology, or service that interacts with the Apps. You may not use the Apps on a device that has firmware or software configuration that has not been authorized by Apple.
TO THE EXTENT ANY WARRANTY REGARDING THE APPS ARISES BY LAW OR HAS NOT BEEN DISCLAIMED UNDER THESE TERMS, IHEART, AND NOT APPLE, IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH WARRANTY. IF YOU ARE A CUSTOMER OF THE SITE AND IF THE APPS FAIL TO CONFORM TO SUCH WARRANTY, YOU MAY NOTIFY APPLE, AND APPLE WILL REFUND THE PURCHASE PRICE (IF ANY) PAID FOR THE LICENSE TO THE APPS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, APPLE WILL HAVE NO OTHER WARRANTY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE APPS, AND ANY OTHER CLAIMS, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, COSTS, OR EXPENSES ATTRIBUTABLE TO ANY FAILURE TO CONFORM TO THE WARRANTY IS IHEART’S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
Terms Specific to Android Mobile Devices
.
If the Apps are provided to you through Google, Inc.’s (Google, Inc. together with all of its affiliates, “Google”) Google Play Store, the following terms and conditions are applicable to you and are incorporated into these Terms by reference.
You acknowledge that Google is not responsible for providing support services for the Apps.
If any of the terms and conditions in this Agreement are inconsistent with the Google Play Development Distribution Agreement (the current version as of the date of these Terms is located at:
https://play.google.com/about/developer-distribution-agreement.html
). The terms and conditions of Google’s Google Play Developer Distribution Agreement will apply to the extent of such inconsistency or conflict.
THE SITES ARE INTENDED ONLY FOR INDIVIDUALS RESIDING IN THE UNITED STATES AND BUSINESSES LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES. ALTHOUGH THE SITES MAY BE ACCESSED FROM AROUND THE WORLD, THEY HAVE BEEN DESIGNED TO COMPLY WITH THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES. IF ANY MATERIAL ON THE SITE, OR YOUR USE OF THE SITE, IS CONTRARY TO THE LAWS OF THE COUNTRY WHERE YOU ARE WHEN YOU ACCESS IT, THE SITE IS NOT INTENDED FOR YOU, AND YOU SHOULD NOT ACCESS OR USE IT. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR INFORMING YOURSELF OF THE LAWS OF YOUR JURISDICTION AND COMPLYING WITH THEM.
This iHeart Site may enable you to order and receive products, information and services from businesses that are not owned or operated by iHeart (“Third Party Goods”). The purchase, payment, warranty, guarantee, delivery, maintenance, and all other matters concerning Third Party Goods are solely between you and such businesses. iHeart does not endorse, warrant, or guarantee Third Party Goods and is not liable for the quality, availability, accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of Third Party Goods. iHeart will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and any third-party for Third Party Goods.
iHeart may display advertisements for Third Party Goods on the iHeart Sites, including in connection with co-promotions, sponsorships and other similar partnership arrangements. iHeart bears no responsibility for any Third Party Good advertised on the Sites.
Your participation in any iHeart-sponsored or promoted events (“Events”) is at your own risk and you agree to release and hold iHeart, its subsidiaries, agents, distributors and affiliates, and their officers, directors and employees harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, any injury or death to you or your minor children, resulting from attending the Events or participation in any activities available at the Events. You also agree that we may film and record any of the Events sponsored by iHeart in which you or your minor children participate and you hereby agree that such films and recordings shall be owned by iHeart and we may use your or your minor children’s name, likeness, voice, performance and other activities in which you or your minor children engage for any advertising, promotional or other lawful purpose in any and all media now or hereafter known throughout the world in perpetuity without notice, approval or compensation to you or any third party.
User Materials
iHeart does not control and is not responsible for any notes, messages, billboard postings, ideas, suggestions, concepts or other material, or files delivered to iHeart by you through the Site or iHeart Internet Service (collectively, “User Materials”). iHeart is not obligated to and does not regularly review, prescreen, monitor, delete, or edit User Materials. However, iHeart reserves the right to do so at any time in its sole discretion, for any reason or no reason, and to refuse, delete, move or edit any User Materials, in whole or in part, with or without notice.
You are solely responsible and liable for all User Materials you deliver to iHeart. Any violation of these Terms can subject your iHeart account to immediate termination, and possible further legal action. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control any and all rights in and to the User Materials and that public posting and use of the User Materials by iHeart will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party in any manner.
You grant to iHeart an unrestricted, irrevocable, royalty-free license to display, use, modify, perform, reproduce, transmit, and distribute any User Materials for any and all commercial and noncommercial purposes. Further to the foregoing, if any ownership in User Materials remains with you, you hereby grant iHeart a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to (and to allow others to) use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display, distribute, create derivative works from, and perform your User Materials. You acknowledge and agree that iHeart may preserve or delete User Materials at any time and for any purpose. You also acknowledge and agree that you are not guaranteed access to User Materials at any time. Furthermore, iHeart may disclose User Materials if iHeart determines that: (i) disclosure is necessary to enforce these Terms, respond to claims that any User Materials violates the rights of third parties, or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of iHeart, its users, and the public; or (ii) appropriate legal process requires disclosure. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you authorize iHeart to include User Materials in a searchable format that may be accessed by users of the Site. iHeart shall have no liability for User Materials that are public and visible on the Site, or search engines, including after deletion of such User Materials by you or iHeart.
Unsolicited Submissions; Feedback
We do not accept or consider unsolicited creative materials, ideas or suggestions either via this iHeart Site, email or other means. However, if you do still transmit to us, via this iHeart Site, email or otherwise, any unsolicited communication or material, you will be deemed to have granted to us the same rights as are set out in this section with respect to User Materials. You agree that iHeart, our affiliates and our licensees are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to us for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products, services and content using such information, without any credit, notice, approval or compensation to you.
Referral Programs and “Forward to a Friend” Opportunities
The Sites may offer referral programs that permit you to submit information about other persons (each, a “Referred Person”), including, without limitation, U.S.-based email addresses, mobile telephone numbers, names, street addresses and other contact information so they may receive information and/or promotional offers concerning iHeart. You agree that you have obtained the consent of the Referred Person prior to providing us with their contact information.  There is no mechanism for you to withdraw or delete a Referred Person once the information has been submitted. A Referred Person must be a permanent, legal resident of the continental United States, at least 18 years old (or 19 years old if a resident of Alabama or Nebraska, or 21 years old if a resident of Mississippi). The contact information for a Referred Person must be valid and functioning in order for us to contact them about iHeart. We will not be responsible for validating the contact information you provide. We may elect not to communicate with any Referred Person if: (a) they appear on any of our “do not contact” or “do not e-mail” lists. In addition, we reserve the right to reject the participation of any Referred Person if (a) the contact information provided by you is incorrect or not valid, or (b) for any other reason, or no reason at all, in our sole discretion. We specifically disclaim any liability for exercising such right.
We may, at our discretion, and your expense, send you a confirmation using any means available through the iHeart Internet Service or Site, including email, text and other forms of messaging, to inform you and provide whatever benefit, if any, that was offered to you when you provided information on the Referred Person. If you misuse any referral program or otherwise engage in improper behavior with respect to a referral program, as we determine in our sole discretion, we reserve the right to discontinue making the iHeart Site available to you. We may from time to time offer incentives or rewards in connection with a referral program, and any such incentive or reward programs shall be subject to Additional Terms which will be posted at the time such programs become available and will be deemed incorporated into, and subject to, these Terms. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to suspend, temporarily or permanently, or cease to provide any and all referral programs without notice, reason or liability.
Voting/Rating Features
For any voting/rating features that are available on this iHeart Site, you must follow instructions on this iHeart Site to submit your votes/ratings, including any restrictions set forth with respect to limitations on voting/rating. Votes/ratings received from you in excess of any stated limitation will be disqualified. We do not offer payment or other consideration in exchange for votes/ratings. We may void any votes/ratings generated by script, macro or other automated means or any other means intended to impact the integrity of the voting/rating process in our discretion. iHeart assumes no responsibility for incorrect/inaccurate voting/rating information or for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of any votes/ratings. We may, at our discretion, modify, terminate, or suspend the voting/rating or void any vote/rating should a virus, bug, non-authorized human intervention, action of voter/rater, or other cause corrupt or impair the administration, security, or fairness of the voting/rating. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to disqualify (and void all votes/ratings) any individual we find to be violating these Terms, tampering with the voting/rating process, or acting in an unsportsmanlike or improper manner. Our decisions with respect to all aspects of any voting/rating element are final and binding. You may also be given the opportunity to participate in voting/rating features in a third-party application or feature (such as one of our social media partners like Facebook or Twitter), in which case your participation in such features will be subject to the terms and conditions governing that third party application or feature.
This iHeart Site may offer certain services such as newsletters and Real Simple Syndication ("RSS") feeds. By registering for any such service, you will be subject to any charges and rules set forth in the description of that service which may or may not be reflected in Additional Terms.
Any sweepstakes, contests, games and/or promotional offers accessible on a Site (“Promotion”) are governed by specific rules and/or terms and conditions made available at the time of entry. By entering a Promotion, you will be subject to those rules and/or terms and conditions (“Promotion Rules”). To the extent of any conflict between the Promotion Rules and these Terms, the Promotion Rules will govern, but only to the extent of the conflict. Any Promotions made available on, or advertised on third party sites accessible from this iHeart Site (such as Facebook and X), in addition to being subject to the Promotion Rules, you will also be subject to any rules and/or terms and conditions on those third party sites.
You also agree not to use, nor to authorize the use of, any Intellectual Property (as defined in the next Section) or contact details, personal identifiers, metadata processes, source codes, algorithms or other data on the iHeart Site, iHeart Internet Services (the “iHeart Data” and together with the Intellectual Property, the “iHeart IP & Data”): (i) to create, train (whether directly or indirectly) and/or improve any generative or other artificial intelligence and/or machine learning models, applications, systems or technologies and any datasets therefor, whether now existing or hereafter created, in any manner, means or media and/or for any purpose whatsoever (e.g., machine learning, generative technology, data mining, cognitive computing, natural language processing, natural learning processes, computer vision, etc.) (“AI Technology”); (ii)  to create, generate, edit, reproduce, translate, copy, publicly perform, distribute, transmit, adapt, modify, create any simulations and/or derivative works of, and/or manipulate, any iHeart IP & Data nor (iii) to design, enable and/or otherwise be utilized for any AI Technology mimicking, replicating and/or simulating human appearance, thought processes, speech, emotions or actions
;
(iv) to extract, scrape, harvest or collect any iHeart IP & Data for use in connection with AI Technology; nor (v) to discover, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or attempt to derive iHeart IP & Data source code or algorithms
;
(vi) to process, collect, arrange or otherwise use iHeart IP & Data into or in connection with datasets that are or may be used to train or otherwise in connection with AI Technology.
Generative AI Services
We may provide additional generative AI services (“GAIS”) on the Site or as part of the iHeart Internet Services. (i) Our GAIS is experimental, unsupervised technology and may sometimes provide inaccurate or offensive content that does not represent iHeart’s views; (ii) information you provide to our GAIS may be used to continuously train the GAIS; (iii) submission of confidential or proprietary information could be compromised if submitted to the GAIS; (iv) our GAIS may at times reproduce copyrighted material used as training data in response to an inquiry, and care should be taken in copying and further distributing content created by any GAIS; (v) if you use the GAIS, you assume all responsibilities and obligations with respect to the results, any decisions or advice made or given, and any materials retrieved therefrom, including those to any third party, for the content, accuracy, and review of such results, and you should use discretion before relying on, publishing, or otherwise using content provided by the GAIS; and (vi) you will not rely on the GAIS for medical, legal, financial, or other professional advice, and any content regarding those topics is unintentional, provided for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for advice from a qualified professional.
Use of Intellectual Property
The iHeart Site, and all of its contents, including but not limited to articles, other text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, video material, audio material, including musical compositions and sound recordings, software, iHeart logos, titles, characters, names, graphics and button icons (collectively “Intellectual Property”), are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States, as well as international conventions and the laws of other countries. The Intellectual Property is owned or controlled by iHeart or by other parties that have provided rights thereto to iHeart.
You may not, and agree that you will not, reproduce, download, license, publish, enter into a database, display, modify, create derivative works from, transmit, post, distribute or perform publicly by any means, method, or process now known or later developed, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, use on another computer-related environment, transfer or sell any Intellectual Property, in whole or in part, without the express written permission of iHeart.
Additionally, websites may not link, whether by hyperlink or otherwise, to any page beyond the homepage of this iHeart Site, or frame this iHeart Site, or any web page or material herein, nor may any entity include a link to any aspect of this iHeart Site in an email for commercial purposes, without the express written permission of iHeart. Further, unless otherwise expressly permitted, you agree not to link to iHeart’s Intellectual Property so as to cause you or anyone else to access iHeart’s Intellectual Property other than through this iHeart Site.
You may inquire about obtaining permission by writing:
IP Permission
Legal Department
iHeartMedia, Inc.
20880 Stone Oak Pkwy
San Antonio, TX 78258
By Facsimile: (210) 832-3149
By Email:
IPPermission@iheartmedia.com
Copyright Infringement
iHeart respects the intellectual property rights of third parties, and complies with the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) regarding such rights. By submitting any material or photographs through this iHeart Site, you are granting permission to have this material posted on this iHeart Site, and are representing that you are the rightful owner of the submitted material, and that no one else may claim rights to this material. iHeart reserves the right to remove access to infringing material. Such actions do not affect or modify any other rights iHeart may have under law or contract. You can find our procedures for providing notice of alleged copyright infringement below.
Procedure for Making Claim of Copyright Infringement
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you should send written notification thereof, in accordance with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), to our Designated Agent, who can be reached as follows:
By mail:
DMCA Designated Agent
c/o Legal Department
iHeartMedia, Inc.
20880 Stone Oak Pkwy
San Antonio, TX 78258
By Facsimile: (210) 832-3149
By Email:
dmca@iheartmedia.com
Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c), to be effective, the notification must include the following:
(1) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
(2) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
(3) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit iHeart to locate the material.
(4) Information reasonably sufficient to permit iHeart to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address.
(5) A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
(6) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
This process only relates to reporting a claim of copyright infringement. Messages related to other matters will not receive a response through this process.
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA set forth above, your notification may not be effective. Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Site is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
It is our policy to disable and/or terminate, in appropriate circumstances, any user’s access to the Services and/or Account in the event of repeated infringing activity, and iHeart reserves such rights.
Counter-Notification Procedures
. If you believe that material you posted on the Site was removed or access to it was disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may file a counter-notification with us (a “
Counter-Notice
”) by submitting written notification to the e-mail address listed in “Contact Information” below. Pursuant to the DMCA, the Counter-Notice must include substantially the following:
Your physical or electronic signature.
An identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access disabled.
Adequate and current information by which we can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number, and, if available, e-mail address).
A statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material identified above was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
A statement that you will consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located (or if you reside outside the United States, for any judicial district in which the Services may be found) and that you will accept service from the person (or an agent of that person) who provided the Services with the complaint at issue.
The DMCA allows us to restore the removed content if the party filing the original DMCA Notice does not file a court action against you within ten (10) to fourteen (14) days of receiving the copy of your Counter-Notice. Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Services was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
DMCA Contact Information
. If you believe your copyright material is being used on the Services without permission, send DMCA Notice and Counter-Notices to our designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement at:
Email:
dmca@iheartmedia.com
By Mail:
DMCA Designated Agent
c/o Legal Department
iHeartMedia, Inc.
20880 Stone Oak Pkwy
San Antonio, TX 78258
Facsimile: (210) 832-3149
APPLICABILITY.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THESE DISPUTE RESOLUTION TERMS APPLY TO ALL CLAIMS, DISAGREEMENTS, DISPUTES OR CONTROVERSIES BETWEEN YOU AND IHEART (AND ANY OTHER RELEASED PARTY), AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, AGENTS, PARENTS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES AND/OR RELATED COMPANIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SITE, APP, IHEART PREMIUM SERVICES, AND IHEART INTERNET SERVICES.
DISPUTE NOTICE AND INFORMAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION
. If a dispute should arise between you and iHeart we want to provide you with a resolution that is efficient and cost effective. Before initiating an action, you and iHeart each agree to first provide the other a written notice (“Notice of Dispute”), which shall contain: (a) a written description of the problem and relevant documents and supporting information; and (b) a statement of the specific relief sought. A Notice of Dispute can be (1) mailed to iHeartMedia, Inc. 20880 Stone Pkwy, San Antonio, TX 78248, Attention: Legal, or (2) emailed to
help@iheartradio.com
. You and iHeart agree to make attempts to resolve the dispute prior to commencing any legal action, including the filing of a lawsuit, until a 45-day post-notice resolution period expires. If an agreement cannot be reached within forty-five (45) days of receipt of the Notice of Dispute, you or iHeart may commence a lawsuit.
NO CLASS ACTIONS
. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY) WILL BE RESOLVED INDIVIDUALLY, WITHOUT RESORT TO ANY FORM OF CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT SOLELY IN A PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, CONSOLIDATED ACTION, REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
ANY ACTION MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR OF THE DATE THAT THE CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM ARISES.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
. EACH PARTY HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL OR STATUTORY RIGHT) TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING FOR ANY DISPUTE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES.
Governing Law, Forum Selection, and Venue
. You hereby agree that these Terms (and any claim or dispute arising in connection with these Terms) are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States, without regard to its conflict of law principles. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in New York City, New York, United States, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections thereto.
The iHeart Data, and any other data we collect and store on this Site or through the iHeart Internet Services or iHeart Software are assets of iHeart and are either owned by iHeart or are personal information you provide to iHeart under the terms of the Privacy Notice while using the Site (“Data Assets”). In the event iHeart engages in a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of our assets, the Data Assets (including personal information) will be among the assets transferred.
If any provision of these Terms, or the application thereof to any person or circumstances, is held invalid or unenforceable for any reason including, but not limited to, the class action waiver, warranty disclaimers and liability limitations, then such provision shall be deemed stricken or superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that matches, as closely as possible, the original provision, and the other provisions of these Terms shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of either party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Unless expressly provided otherwise, these Terms are the entire agreement between you and iHeart with respect to the use of the iHeart Sites and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by an authorized representative of iHeart. If you have any questions concerning these Terms, you may send them by email to
help@iheartradio.com
. You must send any official correspondence via postal mail to:
Legal Department
ATTN: iHeart Sites Terms of Use
iHeartMedia, Inc.
20880 Stone Oak Pkwy
San Antonio, TX 78258
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: March 12, 2025
Este Aviso de Privacidad está disponible en español aqui
https://www.iheartradio.com/legal/privacy-es
iHeart respects your privacy and is committed to treating your personal information in a transparent manner.
In this Privacy Notice, we explain how we collect, use, disclose, retain, and protect the personal information that we process about you. We also provide you with information about the rights and choices you have with respect to your personal information, and how to exercise them.
iHeartMedia, Inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “iHeart,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), includes the following websites and brands:
iHeartRadio
iHeartMedia
Premiere Networks
TTWN
This Privacy Notice covers personal information we process about you, including via our websites, mobile applications (“Apps”), and interactive features (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Notice covers users and customers of the iHeart Companies including, for example, when you visit or use our Services, listen to our radio stations, interact with our advertisements, interact with us through social media, participate in consumer research, promotions, contests, or otherwise access or use one of our Services. This Privacy Notice also applies to personal information we collect about individuals with whom we have a business relationship.
See section 14
for additional disclosures apply if you live in the following jurisdictions:
California
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia
If you are an employee, contractor, or job applicant, your personal information collected in those contexts will be subject to a separate privacy notice that we provide to you where and when appropriate.
This Privacy Notice does not cover our practices with respect to iHeartRadio Family. Please see our
Family Privacy Notice
for more information.
We collect the personal information described below to provide you with the Services. Please note that the personal information we collect varies depending on the nature of your interactions with us.
Identifiers
such as name, online identifiers like user account names, state and federal government ID numbers, and unique identifiers that we associate with you.
Contact information
such as your email, billing address, and phone number.
Financial and payment information
.
Transaction and commercial information
such as your purchase histories. With respect to individuals who interact with us in a business context, we may have commercial information about our relationship with you.
Online and usage information
such as your IP address, browser type and version, device characteristics, browsing data, data related to your interactions with our advertisements, Services usage information, and other information that we collect using cookies, pixels, SDKs, and other similar technologies.
Location data
including your approximate location derived from your IP address or mobile device.
Sensory data
such as your photos or videos when you choose to submit them to us, and your voice when you contact our customer service centers, call into our radio programs, or affirmatively activate voice controls on your device. See our
Voice Data FAQ
for more information.
Demographic information
such as age, marital status, gender, employment information, or other demographic information.
Professional or employment-related information
, including, when you interact with us on behalf of another company, your profession, job title, employer name, or other information related to your employment.
Inferences
derived from other personal information that we have collected.
Personal information does not include information that has been deidentified or aggregated so that you can no longer be identified, which we may use for any purpose.
Children’s Privacy
The Services that link to this Privacy Notice are intended for a general audience and are not geared toward children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
We may collect your personal information from the following sources:
Personal information you provide to us directly
You may give us personal information or provide it to us directly, including:
Information you provide when you register for an account, sign up for a subscription, purchase or upgrade one of our Services, or when you otherwise contact us about our Services. We may ask you for information when you enter a promotion or sweepstake offered by us, sign up for an event sponsored by us, or when you report a problem to us.
Records and copies of your correspondence.
Your responses to surveys.
Your searches on our Services.
Personal information collected automatically
We may collect personal information automatically from a device that we have associated with you. For example, we may collect personal information automatically when you use our Services, or view or interact with our advertisements.
Personal Information we collect from our affiliates and subsidiary companies
We may collect your personal information from our subsidiaries and affiliates, including the iHeart companies identified in this Privacy Notice.
Personal Information we receive from others
We may receive personal information about you from others including, for example, data analytics providers, data enrichment providers, and ad networks. We may also receive information about you from commercially available sources such as public databases.
If you create an account with us using your Google or Facebook account, we may receive certain information about you from Google or Facebook to enable us to create your account.
We may receive information from others that has been deidentified so that it is no longer personal information under applicable law. When we receive deidentified data from others, we commit to maintaining and using that data in deidentified form without attempting to reidentify it.
A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your browser on your device. We use cookies to deliver a better experience, for example, remembering your preferences and opt-outs.
Other examples of why we use cookies include:
To learn about how you interact with our Services
To detect and prevent fraud
To conduct analytics activities
To improve our Services
To facilitate interest based advertising
If you use your browser’s method of blocking or removing cookies, some, but not all, types of cookies may be deleted and/or blocked. If you delete or block cookies, some functionality on our Services may not work properly.
In addition to cookies, we may use other types of tracking technologies in connection with our Services.
Session Replay Technology
We may use session recording and replay technology to observe your mouse movements, scrolling, and clicks on our Services. We use these tracking tools for support and analytics purposes, and to better understand how people engage with our Services. This information is often collected and processed by our service providers who we have engaged to analyze this information on our behalf. By using our Services, you consent to our (or our service provider’s) collection, use, and retention of this information using session replay technology.
Third-Party Analytics
We may use third-party analytics providers to help us analyze how you use or interact with our Services.
Many of our websites use Google Analytics. Information about Google Analytics’ current opt-outs for web is available
here
.
We may integrate the analytics services we use with advertising services that are made available by our analytics providers.   For example, we integrate Google Analytics with the following Google advertising features:
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Meta
Meta may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies, including the Meta Pixel, to collect or receive information from the Websites, and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide measurement services, target and deliver ads.
We may use your personal information to:
Communicate with you, including to respond to your questions, market to you, and provide customer service
Provide you with the Service
Operate our business
Conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
Conduct research and analytics
Administer our sweepstakes, contests, and promotions
Design, develop, and improve our Service
Track the effectiveness of our advertising
Personalize your experience, including to curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, for example suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
Improve how we do business
Fulfill our legal obligations
For safety and security purposes
For other internal business purposes
In the case of business contacts, we may also use your personal information to administer and manage our relationship with you and your employer (such as record keeping, payments, communicating with you, tracking outcomes, and verifying your eligibility and suitability).
We may disclose your personal information as follows:
Subsidiaries and Affiliates
: We may disclose personal information to our subsidiaries and affiliates, including the iHeart companies identified in this Privacy Notice that may use your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice.
Vendors and Service Providers
: We may disclose personal information to vendors and service providers we hire to help us run our business, including those companies that host, protect, or operate our Services; analyze data; provide customer service, send emails for us; process payments; conduct surveys; fulfill orders; run our promotional activities and contests; or provide marketing, analytics, and advertising services.
Business Partners and Other Third Parties
. We may disclose or make available personal information to our sponsors, partners, advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies or other parties in connection with our and their marketing, promotional, and other offers, as well as product information. These parties may use your personal information for their own advertising, analytics, planning, market research, or other business purposes. We may also disclose your personal information to the rights holders that license content to iHeartMedia to stream on the Platforms (e.g., artists or record labels). If you connect your iHeartMedia account to a third-party application or social media platform, iHeartMedia may automatically disclose your personal information to that service, and such information may be attributed to your account on the third-party platform and published on such service. Likewise, if you log into a third-party application with your iHeartMedia account, that application may have access to certain information such as your iHeartMedia playlists and activity.
Legal Requirements and Government Authorities
. We may disclose personal information to other parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our
Terms of Use
or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of other parties, visitors to our Platforms, or the public.
To Others
: Your username and profile picture (if provided) are publicly available at an unlisted URL. Your activity on the Service (e.g., music you listen to, music you share) and playlists created or created for you are made publicly available by default and can be accessed by those who know the unlisted URL. This URL may be displayed publicly in third-party search engine results and may appear together with other public profile information, such as your playlists, picture and username if you disclose the URL publicly (e.g. via your own social media).
Security and Safety Disclosures
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may disclose your personal information to other persons and entities for the purpose of protecting the rights, safety, security, and property of us and others. We may also disclose this information to protect and enforce our rights.
Corporate Transaction
. We may disclose personal information, as part of any actual or contemplated merger, sale, transfer of assets, acquisition, bankruptcy, or similar event, including related to due diligence conducted prior to such event, where permitted by law.
When you use the Services, we, our service providers, and advertising partners may place cookies and similar tracking technologies on your computer or device in order to collect information about your online web-browsing activities over time and across different websites and online services or mobile applications, in order to serve you ads or other content personalized to your interests. This form of advertising is referred to as Interest Based Advertising (“IBA”). In order to personalize these ads or content, we or our advertising partners or service providers may connect and/or disclose personal information about you either to data you provided to us or to browser/usage/device information and location information collected about you.
You can opt out of being tracked online for IBA purposes by going to
https://optout.aboutads.info
or
https://optout.networkadvertising.org
, or by disabling advertising cookies by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of this webpage. You can opt out of being tracked for IBA purposes on mobile apps by going to
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
. Another way to opt out of IBA is by clicking on the Advertising Options Icon featured on certain iHeartMedia ads on third-party websites. When clicked it (1) describes the collection and uses of data gathered at the relevant party website and (2) provides a way for you to opt out of data collection and use by the other parties listed for the purposes of IBA.
Choices you make are device-specific and browser-specific. If you use different browsers on your computer, or multiple computers and devices, you will need to opt out of IBA from each browser on each of the computers and devices that you use. Please note that even if you opt out of IBA, you may still receive advertisements from us; they just won't be customized based on your web-browsing activities on third-party websites. Please also note that if you opt-out of IBA, we may still track your visits to the Platforms for our own analytics, operations and security purposes.
To opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with LiveRamp, please click go to
https://optout.liveramp.com/opt_out
.
The Services may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information. We do not control these third-party websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from those set out in this Privacy Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company or website before you provide your personal information.
Safeguarding your personal information is important to us. While no systems, applications, or websites are 100% secure, we take reasonable and appropriate steps to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
To help us protect personal information, we request that you use a strong password and never disclose your password to anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts.
We offer you the ability to manage what types of communications you receive from us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following options:
Updating your account information
If you have an account with us, you can log in and update or modify information from within your account.
Managing your marketing and other communication preferences
If you don’t want to receive promotional communications from us, such as offers or other marketing communications, you can unsubscribe by following the removal instructions in the communication that you receive (such as clicking the “UNSUBSCRIBE” or similar link within the email).
Please note that if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Voice Data
Voice control features will only be enabled if you affirmatively activate voice controls by giving us access to the microphone on your device. You can disable our access to your voice data by turning off our access to your microphone on your device at any time by using the operating system settings on your device or by muting your microphone. See our
Voice Data FAQ
for more information.
Push Notifications
If you use our Apps, we may send you push notifications from time to time. If you no longer wish to receive push notifications, you can turn them off at the device level in your App settings.
Location Information
We may infer your approximate location when you use the Apps. You can stop the collection of approximate location information at any time by going to the settings feature on your device and changing your preferences. If you do so, certain features of our Apps may no longer function as intended. You also may also uninstall or remove our Apps from your device.
This Privacy Notice is subject to change at our discretion. We will indicate changes to the Privacy Notice by updating the effective date at the beginning of the notice. Your continued use of our Services after any update to this Privacy Notice will constitute your acceptance of our changes.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice or your experiences with the Service, please contact us at:
iHeartMedia, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
20880 Stone Oak Pkwy
San Antonio, TX 78258
E-Mail:
privacy@iheartmedia.com
Privacy Notice for California Residents
1. Introduction and Scope
This section supplements the disclosures provided in our general Privacy Notice and applies to California consumers. This section describes the rights California consumers have under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended and along with any implementing regulations (“CCPA”). Any terms defined in the CCPA shall have the same meaning when used in this section.
This section does not apply to personal information collected from California-based employees, job applicants, contractors, or similar individuals but does apply to personal information collected in the context of business-to-business (B2B) transactions.
This section applies to “personal information” that we collect, meaning information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, or household. Personal information does not include publicly available information, or information that has been deidentified or aggregated.
2. Personal Information We Collect
We may collect the personal information and sensitive personal information listed below. The tables also list, for each category, the purposes for which we collect, use, and disclose the personal information. Note that the specific personal information we collect about you may vary depending on the nature of your relationship with us.
Category of Personal Information
Purposes for Collection, Use, and Disclosure
Identifiers
such as a name, email address, telephone number, mailing address, date of birth, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, account name and password.
Customer Records
, including any personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code such as your name, signature, address, telephone number, employment-related information, financial information (i.e., credit card number, debit card number, or any other similar information).
To communicate with you, including to respond to your questions, market to you, and provide customer service
To provide you with the Service
To operate our business
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To administer our sweepstakes, contests, and promotions
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To track the effectiveness of our advertising
To personalize your experience, including to curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, for example suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
For safety and security purposes
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law,
such as age, gender, languages spoken, marital status, and political affiliation.
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To track the effectiveness of our advertising
To personalize your experience
To curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, including suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
For safety and security purposes
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
Commercial information
such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
To provide you with the Service
To operate our business
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To track the effectiveness of our advertising
To personalize your experience
To curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, including suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
For safety and security purposes
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interactions with our websites, applications, or advertisements.
To provide you with the Service
To operate our business
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To track the effectiveness of our advertising
To personalize your experience
To curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, including suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
For safety and security purposes
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
Geolocation data
, including your approximate location derived from your IP address or mobile device.
To provide you with the Service
To operate our business
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To track the effectiveness of our advertising
To personalize your experience
To curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, including suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
For safety and security purposes
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
To verify your identity
Sensory data
such as photos and videos of you if you choose to share them, audio recordings of customer service calls, and voice recordings when you call into a broadcast.
To communicate with you, including to respond to your questions and provide customer service
To operate our business
To allow you to call into a radio broadcast
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
To verify your identity
Professional or employment- related information,
including, when you interact with us on behalf of another company, your profession, job title, employer name, professional or licensure status, or other information related to your employment.
To operate our business
To communicate with you
Inferences from personal information collected
such as a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, and interests.
To provide you with the Service
To operate our business
To conduct marketing, personalization, and advertising
For research purposes
To design, develop, and improve our Service
To conduct business analytics and to analyze trends
To personalize your experience
To curate and suggest songs and other content that match your interests, including suggesting personalized or localized radio stations, or providing specific features on the Service
To improve how we do business, products and services, and customer experience
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
To verify your identity
Sensitive personal information
We may collect your government identifiers (including Social Security number, driver's license, state identification card, or other government ID) in the event that you win a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion.
To administer sweepstakes, contests, and promotions
For other internal business purposes
To fulfill our legal obligations
In the case of business contacts, we may also use your personal information to administer and manage our relationship with you and your employer (such as record keeping, payments, and communicating with you).
Retention
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide the Services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and for other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Because these needs can vary for different categories of personal information in the context of different Services, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as whether your personal information is reasonably necessary to manage our operations, to manage your relationship with us, or to satisfy another purpose for which we collected the information; whether your personal information is reasonably necessary to carry out a disclosed purpose that is reasonably compatible with the context in which we collected the information; whether the personal information is reasonably required to protect or defend our rights or property; or whether we are otherwise required or permitted to keep your personal information by applicable laws or regulations. Where personal information is used for more than one purpose, we may retain it until the purpose with the latest period expires.
Sales and Sharing of Personal Information
From time to time, we may use or disclose your personal information in a manner that is considered a “sale” or “share” under California law to provide the most relevant advertising and deliver marketing messages and personalized offers. The categories of third parties to which we disclose your personal information include analytics, advertising, and technology companies.
The categories of personal information that we may sell or share include identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of consumers under the age of 16.
We may disclose the categories of personal information identified above to the following categories of recipients, as further explained in the section titled
“How We Disclose Your Personal Information”
above:
The iHeart Companies
Vendors and Service Providers
To Others
Business Partners and Other Third Parties
Government Authorities
Other Parties,
where permitted by law or in the event of any actual or contemplated merger, sale, transfer of assets, acquisition, bankruptcy, or similar event, including related to due diligence conducted prior to such event
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to submit certain requests relating to your personal information as described below. To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our
webform
or call us at 1-800-317-8708. Please note that, if you submit a request to know, request to delete, or request to correct, we will match your personal information against our records to verify your identity. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf; however, you may still need to verify your identity directly with us before your request can be processed. An authorized agent may submit a request on your behalf using the webform or toll-free number listed above.
You will not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights. We will not deny you any services, nor charge you different prices, in retaliation for exercising your privacy rights.
Right to Know
. You have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, which includes:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you, including
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected
Our business or commercial purposes for collecting selling, sharing, or disclosing personal information
The categories of recipients to which we disclose personal information
The categories of personal information that we sold, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to which we sold that particular category of personal information
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, and for each category identified, the categories of recipients to which we disclosed that particular category of personal information
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
Right to Delete
. You have the right to request that we delete personal information we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Correct
. If you believe that personal information we maintain about you is inaccurate, you have the right to request that we correct that information.
Right to Opt Out of Sales and Sharing for Cross-Context-Behavioral Advertising
. You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information and the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising via cookies by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of the iHeart webpage you are visiting and managing your preferences. You may also opt out of cookie-based sales and sharing by using the Global Privacy Control preference signal. Your opt-out request will be applied on a browser and device basis, and you will need to set your preferences for each browser and device you use. Your selections will be lost if you clear your cache and cookies. You may need to set your preferences separately for each iHeart website that you visit. If you have an iHeart account, you may opt out of non-cookie-based sales and sharing using this
webform
.
Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes to which the right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information applies. As such, we do not offer this right.
CCPA Metrics Report
The metrics provided below identify all CCPA requests we received between July 1, 2023 and July 1, 2024.
Requests to Know
:
Received: 9
Complied with in whole or in part: 5
Denied: 4
Mean number of days to substantively respond: 16 days
Requests to Delete
:
Received: 129
Complied with in whole or in part: 98
Denied: 31
Mean number of days to substantively respond: 11.5 days
Requests to Correct
:
Received: 3
Complied with in whole or in part: 0
Denied: 3
Mean number of days to substantively respond: 18.5 days
Requests to Opt-Out of Sales and Sharing
:
Received: 1,513
Complied with in whole or in part: 1,513
Denied: 0
Mean number of days to substantively respond: 1 day
Other California Disclosures
Shine the Light
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits California residents to opt out of our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, you may instruct us not to disclose your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing by submit a request to opt out of sales through our
webform
.
Do Not Track
Some browsers may have a “Do Not Track” setting. Please note that our Service is not designed to respond to “Do Not Track” settings.
Additional Disclosures for Residents of Other U.S. States
The disclosures in this section supplement our general Privacy Notice and apply to residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia (collectively, “Covered States”).
References to “personal information” in our general Privacy Notice describe our practices with respect to “personal data,” as defined under Covered State privacy laws.
Categories of Personal Data and Purposes of Processing
You can learn more about the categories of personal data that we collect about consumers and the purpose for processing your personal data by visiting our Privacy Notice for California Residents [internal link to top of Section 14].
Categories of Personal Data Shared with Third Parties
We may use, disclose, or make available the categories of personal data listed below for targeted advertising purposes or in a manner that we have determined is considered a “sale” under Covered State privacy laws:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Geolocation data
Inferences
When we disclose or otherwise make available such information, we may do so to the following categories of third parties: analytics, advertising, and technology companies. You can learn more about how third parties may process personal data by visiting the How We Share Your Information section above.
Your Rights Under Covered State Privacy Laws
If you are a resident of a Covered State, then, subject to certain conditions and exclusions, you have the following rights with regard to your personal data:
Right to access
. You have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of any personal data that we may hold about you.
Right to correct
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
Right to delete
. You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from or obtained about you.
Right to opt out of the sale of personal data
. You may request that we stop disclosing or making available your data in a way that is considered a “sale”.
Right to opt out of targeted advertising
. You may request that we stop disclosures of your personal data for targeted advertising.
Right to appeal
. If you are unsatisfied with our decision not to take action on your request to exercise one of your privacy rights, you may appeal our decision.
Oregon Residents
. If you live in Oregon, you have the right to request a list of third parties to which we disclosed personal data.
Delaware Residents
. If you live in Delaware, you have the right to request a list of the categories of third parties to which we disclose your personal data.
We do not profile in a manner that would result in legal or similarly significant effects, and as such do not offer a right to opt out of profiling. Likewise, we do not process sensitive data as defined by Covered State privacy laws.
You will not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights. We will not deny you any services, nor charge you different prices, in retaliation for exercising your privacy rights.
How to Exercise Your Rights Under Covered State Privacy Laws
To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our
webform
or call us at 1-800-317-8708. We will only use personal data that you provide in a request to authenticate the request. We will not further disclose the personal data and will retain it only as necessary for the purpose of authentication and to meet our legal obligations. We cannot fulfill your request if we cannot authenticate it and confirm the personal data that is subject of the request relates to you.
To opt out of sales and targeted advertising via cookies, click on the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of the iHeart webpage you are visiting and manage your preferences. You may also opt out of cookie-based sales and targeted advertising by using the Global Privacy Control preference signal. Your opt-out request will be applied on a browser and device basis, and you will need to set your preferences for each browser and device you use. Your selections will be lost if you clear your cache and cookies. You may need to set your preferences separately for each iHeart website that you visit. If you have an iHeart account, you may opt out of non-cookie-based sales and targeted advertising using this
webform
.
Authorized Agents
In certain states, you may use an authorized agent (a person or entity acting on your behalf) to submit a request to opt-out out of our processing of personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising or sales. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we will not act on that request unless we are able to authenticate, with commercially reasonable effort, both your identity and the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Oregon
Oregon residents, please note that the controller of your personal data is iHeartMedia + Entertainment, Inc.
Nevada
If you are a Nevada resident you may have additional rights which you can exercise through our
webform
.