中文
Privacy policy
Updated on Nov 28, 2024.
The policies below are applicable to all the websites, apps, interactive features and services developed and
      operated by the China Daily Multimedia Co., Ltd. (中报国际文化传媒（北京）有限公司 in Chinese), including the China Daily website
      - www.chinadaily.com.cn (including any versions optimized for viewing on a wireless or tablet device); all email
      newsletters published or distributed by China Daily website; the China Daily app (com.theotino.chinadaily) and all
      the other apps (中国日报客户端
      in Chinese) published by China Daily website; and all other interactive features, services, and communications
      provided by China Daily website. The China Daily Multimedia Co., Ltd. (中报国际文化传媒（北京）有限公司 in Chinese) is the sole
      subsidiary of Beijing Yingxinlian Multimedia Co., Ltd (北京英信联信息咨询公司 in Chinese).
Please read the terms of service carefully and only register after you fully agree to the terms. By visiting our
      Sites, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this
      Privacy Policy, please do not use the Sites. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy
      apply only to information gathered online at our Sites. It does not apply to information that you may submit to us
      offline, or to Sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us.
By visiting our Sites, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the
      terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Sites. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of
      our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of
      changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments
      to this Privacy Policy retroactively or to personal information already in our possession, we will provide you
      with notice of the modifications or amendments.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or don't see your concerns addressed here, you should contact
      us by email at cdoffice@chinadaily.com.cn.
1.Controllers of personal information
Any personal information provided to or to be gathered by China Daily website is controlled primarily by China
      Daily website.
2.What information about me is collected and stored?
We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Sites, personal information
      and non-personal information. Personal information is information that you may supply to us, as described more
      fully below, i.e., when you register for a site or any part thereof, upload content, participate in a community,
      or provide your e-mail address. Personal information is any information that can individually identify you and
      includes, among other things, your name, e-mail address, telephone number, postal address, and contact
      information. Non-personal information includes information that does not personally identify you, but it may
      include tracking and usage information about your location, demographics, use of the Sites and the Internet.
You need to submit the following information if you want to use some of China Daily app's services.
We collect the unique Android ID of each device to determine our app's installation number. To prevent
      cheating acts in obtaining the app's reading awards through some simulators, light and distance sensors are used
      within the app.
When you register as a new user and sign in, you can opt to register with your mobile phone number. In this case
      we will send a verification code to your phone. After that you can add your profile picture, nickname, gender,
      education background and occupation, all optional, if you want.
You can also sign in with your account on third-party social media sites, namely Facebook, Twitter, WeChat and
      Weibo. By doing so you will allow us to access your information related to these social media sites, such as
      profile picture, nickname, location and gender. We will ask for your permission and keep you informed of all the
      information collected in this process before you sign in. Your information can be in storage permanently.
However, you can also unbind Facebook, Twitter, WeChat or Weibo or even
        delete your China Daily app account from Personal Center.
We collect your in-app user behaviors when you like, comment, ask questions, submit answers, post comments and
      submit feedback. When you ask questions, submit answers, post comments and submit feedback, we may also ask for
      access to your phone's album if you want to post pictures or videos, if you allow our access to your phone's album
      or camera, the content including text, picture or video you choose to upload or post will be collected and also
      published somewhere in the app together with your nickname, profile picture and post time.
We may also ask for access to your phone's recording if you want to use our news robot, iSmart, and Speaking Test
      (Google Play Store users will be exempt as news robot and Speaking Test are not available on the Google Play
      Store-adapted version). If you would shut our access to album or recording, you can also change your phone's
      setting. If you would like to know how to change the setting, please contact your mobile device's manufacturer.
China Daily app allows users to have an algorithm-based and personalized newsfeed based on users' reading history, as the "For You" section showed after searching in the app; however, this feature is not available in the HarmonyOS version.
In order to understand and improve the product, we will also collect your device information, for example, Android ID, and your in-app user behaviors, such as bookmark, like, comment, share, search, sign-in, page view, story view, and push click.
When you search in the app, we will collect your search key words so that we can optimize search results for you
      by combining your search history and trending news in the app.
When you use the app's Speaking Test function, we will collect your scores and ranks. Google App Store users will
      be exempt as Speaking Test is not available on the Google Play Store-adapted version.
When you talk to the app's news robot, iSmart, we will collect your voice messages so that our news robot can
      respond to you. Google App Store users will be exempt as news robot, or iSmart, is not available on the Google
      Play Store-adapted version.
You can also choose to join the in-app campaigns or challenges. You may need to provide your real name, mobile
      phone number, post address and zip code if necessary. If you refuse to submit the above-mentioned information, you
      will not be able to receive gifts or prizes. The information can only be collected and used when you are a
      registered user, and will be suspended from usage and deleted from our database when you delete your account. The
      information will be stored in People's Republic of China. We will ask for your permission if the information is
      used for purposes that are not disclosed in this version of privacy policy.
3.Personal information
As a general matter, you can browse the Sites without submitting your personal information to us. However, there
      are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us with your personal information. The following lists the
      most common ways in which we may collect your personal information.
Registration for an account on the Sites;
Sign up to receive e-mail newsletters or e-mail alerts from us;
Request for customer service or other assistance;
Completing the contact form to contact China Daily website;
Participation on social media accounts involving China Daily website, our Sites and our brands;
Participation in communities, comment threads, other fora, and other interactive services;
Submission of user generated content on any part of the Sites that permit it;
Any other place on the Sites where you knowingly volunteer personal information.
4.Collection of personal information from or through social media sites
When you interact with any China Daily website property page or account on a social media platform, such as
      Facebook, Weibo, WeChat, Twitter, Google+, Tumblr, YouTube, or Pinterest, we may collect the personal information
      that you make available to us on that page or account including your account ID or "handle." However, we will
      comply with the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store
      such personal information that we are permitted to collect by these social media platforms. If you choose to link
      or login to your China Daily website account with or through a social networking service, China Daily website and
      that service may share certain information about you and your activities. With your consent, we also may share
      information about your activities, including what you view on the Sites, with that social network's users.
5.Non-personal information
In addition, when you interact with the Sites, we may collect certain information that does not identify you
      individually and our servers may automatically keep an activity log of your use of our Sites ("Non-Personal
      Information"). Generally, we collect and store the following categories of Non-Personal Information:
Demographic data such as age, gender;
Neighborhood information;
Device information about your computer, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the Sites, which may
      include IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other
      transactional information;
Usage information about your use of the Sites which includes a reading history of the pages you view. We use this
      information to provide you a more customized experience on the Sites;
Additional "traffic data" such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification
      number, access times, and referring website addresses your search terms and search results;
Other information regarding your use of the Sites.
6.Collection of your source IP address/location information
We collect and store your device's source IP address, which may disclose the location of your device when you access the app. This allows us to select closer routes and provide faster, higher-quality network services for you.
7.Collection of personal and non-personal information from other sources
We also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources (including by us from our
      offline interactions with you) to, among other things, enable us to update and correct the information contained
      in our database and to better customize your experience on the Sites.
8.Use of cookies
Like many we use "cookies", which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you
      visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions. We use cookies to track use of our Sites
      and online services. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Sites and make it easier and/or
      relevant for your use. You may occasionally get cookies from third parties with content or links on our Sites.
      We do not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to this cookie policy.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you
      prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you
      set your web browser to decline cookies, some features of the Sites may not work or may not work as designed.
      For more information on cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided by the
      Interactive Advertising Bureau at www.allaboutcookies.org.
The Sites use Terren, a web analytics service provided by Beijing Terren Jiye Science and Technology
      Development Co., Ltd. ("Terren"). Terren may also use cookies or other tracking technology to help us analyze
      how users interact with and use the Sites, compile reports on Site activity, and provide other services related
      to Site activity and usage. The cookies and other technology may collect information such as your IP address,
      time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. The Sites do not use Terren to gather
      any Personal Information.
9.How do we use your information?
We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the
      Sites. We may use your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the following ways:
General Uses
Provide you with the content, products and services you request;
Post your user generated content to our Sites as you request;
Communicate with you about your account;
Communicate with you about information, features and enhancements on or to our Sites, content on our Sites that
      may be of interest to you, and breaking news; Communicate with you about changes to our policies; These features are not available in the HarmonyOS version;
Communicate with you about your comment to a story or topic;
Personalize content and experiences in our app, including providing you recommendations based on your reading
      preferences, as the "For You" section showed after searching in the app; however, this feature is not available in the HarmonyOS version;
Optimize or improve our Sites, products, services and operations;
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal;
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and their usage patterns.
China Daily website respects the users' privacy and will not disclose their personal information or change their
      registered information without authorization unless it:
(i) Has obtained the user's explicit authorization beforehand;
(ii)Is required by relevant laws and regulations;
(iii)Is requested by competent government authorities;
(iv)Has to protect public interests.
10.Combination of your personal information
We use the information from one portion of the Sites on other portions of Sites in our network of Sites, all of
      which are owned and operated by China daily website, and we may combine information gathered from multiple
      portions of the Sites into a single customer record. We also use and/or combine information that we collect
      off-line or we collect or receive from third party sources to enhance, expand, and check the accuracy of your user
      records.
11.Use of your location information
Specifically, we use your location information to:
Provide you with the content and services you request;
Personalize content and experiences on our Sites, including providing you recommendations based on your
      preferences;
Personalize your newsletters and other communications for our services or special events;
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations;
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal;
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and their usage patterns.
12.Who do we provide your information to?
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose information about your Personal Information
      collected online to any companies not part of China Daily website or its subsidiaries or related entities.
      Although, as disclosed below, we may provide your information to our partners, in no event will we sell or rent
      your Personal Information as part of a customer list or similar transaction.
13.Third-party agents
We have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf, such as
      hosting, content syndication, content management tools, social media integration, marketing, analytics, customer
      service, fraud protection, etc. These entities have access to the Personal Information needed to perform their
      functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that Personal
      Information. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to
      provide the requested services to the Sites.
14.Business partners and third parties
We may share your personal information with our business partners from time to time. We may also share your
      Personal
      information with third parties that provide products and services that we think you may be interested in. In order
      to
      provide statistical analysis service and push notifications to you, our app has integrated the following software
      development kits (SDK) – WeChat SDK, Weibo, Facebook, Twitter, UMeng , Appsflyer and IFLYTECK SDK. These SDKs will
      collect your personal and device information as follows.
WeChat SDK
will collect WiFi status, web connection, open ID,
      your WeChat nickname, gender, language, city, province, country, profile photo, union ID and clip board
      information.
Weibo SDK
will collect your nickname on Weibo, gender,
      language, location, profile photo, clip board and IDFA. It can also ask for access to your album if necessary.
Twitter SDK
will collect WiFi status, IMEI, internet
      connection, open ID, nickname on Twitter and profile photo.
Facebook SDK
will collect nickname on Facebook, profile
      photo, clip board information, location and IDFA. It can also ask for access to your album if necessary.
UMeng SDK
will collect IMEI, MAC, Android ID, IDFA, Open
      UDID, GUID, ICCID, SIM card IMSI and location. Umeng SDK integrates Xiaomi, Huawei, Vivo, Oppo push systems.
Appsflyer SDK
will collect IP, WiFi status, operator,
      carrier,
      language, Appsflyer ID, advertising ID (if you click our ad), IDFA (only for iPhones), Android ID (only for
      Android phones),
      customer user ID, IMEI, IDFV, platform, device type, OS version, app version, Appsflyer SDK version, app name,
      bundle ID,
      user agent, install app store, Google Play referrer, Google Play click time, and Google Play install begin time.
      Non Google
      Play Store users will be exempted as our versions in other app stores don't contain this SDK.
IFLYTECK SDK
will collect location and device ID from Android
      phones
      and device ID from iPhones. Such information will not be collected from Google Play Store users as the app's
      Google Play
      Store-adapted version doesn't contain IFLYTECK SDK.
Tencent X5 Browser SDK
will collect your mobile device's
      type.
      Such information will not be collected from Google Play Store users as the app's Google Play Store-adapted version
      doesn't contain this SDK.
Athena SDK
will collect the following information: IP address (Internet Protocol), system account ID, base station location/WiFi location/geographical coordinates (latitude and longitude), device MAC address, software list, and unique device identifiers (IMEI, Android ID, SIM card IMSI, SN (serial number), motherboard SN, hard drive ID, and Google Services ID).
Athena SDK
will also obtain permission from com.google.android.gms.permission.AD_ID to collect GAID (Google advertising ID).
Although our treatment of your Personal Information is governed by this Privacy Policy, the business partner or
      third
      party's treatment of your Personal Information will be governed by the business partner or third party's privacy
      policy.
      You may withdraw your consent to our sharing of your Personal Information with business partners and third parties
      at any time.
This term doesn't apply to China Daily app's Harmony OS version which will not collect the above-mentioned
      information.
15.Widget system broadcasts
Once a China Daily widget is installed on your phone, system broadcasts will be automatically sent to update its
      content data.
16.Emergency situations
We may also use or disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such
      action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Sites; (b)
      protect and defend our rights or property, the Sites or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to
      protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or the users of the Sites or the public.
17.Use of non-personal information
We may disclose or share Non-Personal Information (or other information, other than Personal Information) in any
      other manner that we deem appropriate or necessary. Among other things, we will disclose Non-Personal Information
      to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Sites and who our users are so we can improve
      our Sites. We will also disclose Non-Personal Information to our partners and other third parties about how our
      users collectively use the Sites.
18.What steps are taken to keep personal information secure?
We are concerned about ensuring the security of your Personal Information. Personal Information collected by our
      Sites are stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. Our security procedures
      mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose your Personal Information to you.
      Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your Personal Information once we receive it,
      no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
19.What happens when I link to or from another website?
These Sites may contain links to other websites operated by affiliates of China Daily website or third parties.
      Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through
      these other websites. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other
      websites.
20.Public areas, comments, and community areas
Please remember that any information you share in public areas, such as comments to stories, becomes public and
      anyone may take and use that information. Please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any Personal
      Information that you expect to keep private.
21.Contributing offensive or inappropriate content to China Daily website
If you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content or otherwise engage in any disruptive
      behavior at China Daily website, we may use your personal information to stop such behavior. China Daily website
      reserves the right of interpretation and judgment regarding the above mentioned content.
22.Governing law
These Sites are published in the People's Republic of China. We attempt to protect the Personal Information of all
      users of our Sites and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they
      may apply to our services, but our family of Sites are located and targeted to citizens of the People's Republic
      of China and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws. If you are uncertain whether this Privacy
      Policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your Personal
      Information to us.
23.Notice to Non-Chinese Users
If you are located outside the People's Republic of China, you should be aware that your personally identifiable
      information will be transferred to the People's Republic of China, the laws of which may be deemed by your country
      to have inadequate data protection. If you are located in a country outside the People's Republic of China and
      voluntarily submit personal information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as
      provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in,
      the People's Republic of China.
24.Assignment
We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Sites and services. We may also sell
      certain assets associated with the Sites. As a result, please be aware that in such event we may transfer some or
      all of your information to a company acquiring all or part of our assets or to another company with which we have
      merged. Under such circumstances we would, to the extent possible, require the acquiring party to follow the
      practices described in this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. Nevertheless, we cannot
      promise that an acquiring company or the merged company will have the same privacy practices or treat your
      information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.
25.Changes to this policy
As our Sites continue to develop, we may add new services and features to our Sites. In the event that these
      additions affect our Privacy Policy, this document will be updated appropriately. We will post those changes
      prominently so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether
      we will disclose it to anyone. We do, however, recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use our
      Sites in case you missed our notice of changes to the Privacy Policy. We will not, however, materially change our
      policies and practices to make them less protective of Personal Information we have previously collected from you
      without your express consent.
26.How do I delete all information about me?
If you want to clear user information that you have given us, you can use the "Delete account" service in your
      personal center or please email us at app@chinadaily.com.cn. You can follow this step-by-step guide by visiting
      the following link:
https://enapp-comment.chinadaily.com.cn/comment/api/static/appaccountdeletes/index.html
27.Your privacy rights
Chinese laws permit customers of China Daily website to request certain information regarding its disclosure of
      their personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please
      send an e-mail to cdoffice@chinadaily.com.cn.