RoboForm Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY:

RoboForm is wholly owned and operated by Siber Systems Inc. (Siber), 
a Virginia Corporation located at 3701 Pender Drive, Suite 400, 
Fairfax, VA 22030, United States.

DATA WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT:
Customer is identified on Order Form, which is filled out 
by Customer when purchasing RoboForm products.

Personal data of Customers that purchase RoboForm licenses 
is stored on Siber servers in the data center located in USA.

Siber collects Email, Phone Number, Full Name 
for the purpose of account management and user support.

Siber collects Email, Phone Number, Full Name, Address and 
Credit Card Number for payment processing: making purchases, 
refunds and chargebacks, activation and reactivation of RoboForm licenses.

Siber collects Product Name, Full Name (as recorded in payment / license 
management system), Order ID (as recorded in payment / license management system), 
Email (as recorded in payment / license management system), Unique ID (GUID), 
Computer ID (generated via one-way function from some of the computer attributes), 
Disk ID (generated via one-way function from Disk ID of a system disk) 
for license activation and periodic license check.

Siber collects Product Version, Internet Explorer Version, OS Version, 
Full Name (as recorded in payment / license management system), 
Email (as recorded in payment / license management system), 
Product Executable File name during product auto-update. 
User needs to opt-in to use that option. 

Siber only uses minimum of user data necessary to manage user account 
or to process payment. No other information is collected.

HOW WE SHARE YOUR DATA:
Siber will not send personal data stored on Siber servers to other 
companies or individuals, except for cases when sending of such data 
is required by Siber business processes.

Siber discloses Email, Full Name, Phone Number and Address 
to Stripe which is credit card processor. Siber may also disclose Email 
and Full Name to MailChimp and IBM Watson for purposes of sending email.

MARKETING:
Siber will send infrequent product update newsletters and promotional offers
to the email and postal addresses stored by Siber, but Customer shall have 
an option to unsubscribe from such email newsletters and offers.
Siber will also present infrequent offers of Siber and 3rd party software 
on post-update web page that is shown when user installs new version of RoboForm.


EUROPEAN UNION, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWISS INDIVIDUALS

Siber Systems complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) 
and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework 
(Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
 
Siber Systems has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it 
adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles 
(EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data 
received from the European Union and the United Kingdom 
in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. 
Siber Systems has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce 
that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles 
(Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data 
received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
 
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and 
the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, 
the Principles shall govern. 
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and 
to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.

In compliance with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework Principles,
Siber Systems commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and
our collection or use of your personal information transferred
to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles.  

EU, UK and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact Email:
jwalls@siber.com
Justin Walls
Privacy Officer

Via Post:
Siber Systems Inc - Privacy Officer
3701 Pender Drive, Suite 400
Fairfax, VA 22030, USA

Siber Systems has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints
under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism,
Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint,
or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit 
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers  
for more information and to file a complaint.
This service is provided free of charge to you.

If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels,
under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration
for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.  
See https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2

** TERMS OF USE **

PERSONAL DATA IN ROBOFORM WITHOUT SYNCHRONIZATION:
NO TRANSMISSION, NO RECOVERY.

All Password Data that Customer enters into RoboForm
is stored only locally on Customer's computer if Customer 
does not use option to Synchronize RoboForm.
In this case RoboForm does not transmit any Password Data over the Internet.  

However, if Customer or a program running on Customer's 
computer causes RoboForm to fill an online form with such 
personal data, then submission of this form will result 
in this data being sent over the Internet but 
this shall be deemed not to be caused by RoboForm.

Customer agrees that deletion or loss of Password Data entered 
into RoboForm  will cause irreversible loss of the said Password Data
and Customer accepts the risk of such loss.


PERSONAL DATA IN ROBOFORM WITH SYNCHRONIZATION:
DATA TRANSMITTED, RECOVERY POSSIBLE.

If Customer uses Synchronize RoboForm option then
Customer Password Data is stored locally on Customer Computer or 
portable disk and on RoboForm server.
If local copy of user data is lost, Customer may obtain 
copy of this data from RoboForm server.

However, availability of backup copy is NOT guaranteed 
by Siber and Siber shall NOT be held liable, 
if it cannot produce copy of Customer's RoboForm data.
Customer is hereby encouraged to keep multiple copies of 
RoboForm user data on his/her computers, disks and devices.

Also in this case RoboForm  shall transmit RoboForm Password Data
over the Internet, for the purposes of storing backup copy of 
Customer RoboForm Password data on RoboForm server and 
for purposes of synchronization of said data between Customer computers 
and mobile devices. Customer hereby authorizes such transmission.


ONLINE LICENSE ACTIVATION AND MONITORING: 
Customer hereby agrees to Online License Activation and Monitoring 
process for all RoboForm licenses (Personal, Family, for Business).
In this process RoboForm checks the validity of Customer's RoboForm license 
by contacting the Siber server at *.RoboForm.com via the Internet
and sending data that uniquely identifies Customer's computer.
Customer also agrees that Online Activation and Monitoring 
will be used to enforce provisions of this Agreement.

TRANSMISSION OF DATA IN AUTOUPDATE:
RoboForm automatically checks Siber's server www.RoboForm.com
for new versions and security patches approximately once a day. 
If it finds a version that is newer than the version that is currently installed, 
RoboForm will suggest that Customer upgrades to the more recent version. 
The checking of new version results in various data related to computer 
and license to be transmitted to Siber server and maybe stored on this server.
Customer hereby allows such data transmissions to occur.

ROBOFORM WEB SITE:
RoboForm web site may use cookies to track users and Customer agrees to that.
RoboForm affiliates and advertisers may also use cookies and Customer agrees to that.

RoboForm Web Site utilizes Google Analytics features, including Remarketing with 
Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, and Google 
Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting and Customer consents to this.

Google provides a complete privacy policy and instructions on opting out of 
Google Analytics here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Our website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Review our Privacy Policy.
Got it
Next Stop: The Chrome Extension Store
Step 1:
Add RoboForm Extension
Step 2:
Sign up or Log in
Step 3:
Pin RoboForm Extension
Not redirected:
Click here to be redirected to the Extension Store
Pin or enable your RoboForm extension.
Pin the extension
or
Enable
Not redirected:
Click here to be redirected to the Extension Store
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support