Gilt Privacy Notice
Last updated June 3, 2024
CONSUMER DATA PRIVACY
If you are a California resident, please refer to your
California Consumer Privacy Rights
in Section 11. Residents of other states may also have rights regarding the use of their personal information, as addressed under
Consumer Privacy Law
in Section 11 below.
GLOBAL DATA PRIVACY
Thank you for visiting Gilt, which is operated by Gilt Groupe, LP ("Gilt"). We are committed to providing an exciting and safe online shopping experience and an elevated level of personal service synonymous with Gilt. This commitment includes respecting and protecting the privacy of your personal information.
This privacy policy describes the types of information we collect from and about you when you visit our website (each a "Site") or use our mobile applications (each an "App”). The Sites and Apps are collectively referred to as the "Services." This privacy policy also explains how Gilt may use and share your personal information, as well as your ability to control certain uses of it. If you have difficulty accessing or reading this Privacy Policy, you may access a PDF version
here.
You agree that your use of the Services signifies that you have read and consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described in this privacy policy,
including the transfer to and storage of your personal information in the United States,
and agree to the Terms of Use which are incorporated by reference. If you do not agree, please do not access or use the Services.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES GILT COLLECT?
To provide the Services and first-class shopping experience, we collect information from and about you. During the past twelve months, that information may include the following categories of information:
Contact Information and Other Personal Identifiers:
This may include your name, email address(es), postal address(es), social media usernames, and telephone number(s), including your mobile phone number(s).
Payment Information:
If you make purchases via the Services, we may collect your credit card number, expiration date, CVV code, and billing address but do not store your credit card number.
Commercial Information:
We collect your order and payment history.
Browsing and Device Information:
We may collect your IP address or another device identifier, the kind of browser you use, browsing information such as the pages and content that you visit, data analytics and other information regarding your interaction with the Services or our advertisements or location information from your device.
Demographic Information:
We may collect demographic information about your lifestyle and retail interests.
Other Information:
We may collect additional information including information you submit via chat or online forms, completing surveys, or participating in sweepstakes.
Please review the rest of this Section 1 for additional context regarding the personal information Gilt collects. Sections 2 and 3 provide details on the business or commercial purposes for which each of the above categories of personal information are collected and the categories of third parties with which the business shares the information. Please read Sections 5 and 6 for additional information regarding data collected via cookies and your options relating to cookie use.
Information From Gilt's Interactions With You
:
Registration with us is mandatory to place orders and fully use the Services. During the registration process (whether on our website or through downloading the mobile application), we collect personal information such as your name, email address, or social media username. Once you register, you have opted in to receive electronic communications from us, unless you were prompted to indicate consent to such communications at the time of registration in accordance with the applicable law in the country where you reside.
We also collect personal information when you choose to use certain other aspects of the Services, such as making purchases; electing to receive text messages about upcoming boutiques; promotions or events; or if you provide it in response to surveys, contests, sweepstakes or other requests. When you choose to use these additional features, we may require you to provide additional personal information such as your phone number, billing and shipping addresses, and credit card information, and we may request additional personal information such as your shopping preferences and demographics.
We may collect other information that you submit to us or that you have consented to permit us to collect or third parties to share with us from time to time.
Information You Provide About a Third Party:
If you choose to invite an individual to join Gilt, you will need to provide personal information about that individual so that we can send an invitation to join Gilt, to track the results of invitation referrals, and confirm qualifying orders and other activities attributable to your account. You agree to invite only individuals who consent to be contacted for these purposes and you will not invite anyone who does not know you or who is unlikely to recognize you as a known contact.
Automatically on the Site or App:
In addition, we use technologies such as pixels and JavaScript to automatically gather certain information about your use of the Services, such as your IP address, operating system, browser type, and date/stamp time for your visit. If you use our mobile applications, this may include information such as geo-location data (e.g., through GPS, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, or other means) and device information, such as your MAC address, for the handheld mobile device on which the mobile application is installed. We may collect other information that you have consented to permit your mobile phone or application to share with us from time to time.  If you sign up for our text messaging program, cookies may be used to personalize your experience (e.g., send you personalized text messages such as shopping cart reminders).
We may also gather information about how you interact with the Services, such as how frequently certain areas of our website or mobile application are visited, what products are reviewed and selected, order history, shipping program status, and other site navigation data and patterns. This information helps us to understand your interests and which aspects of our Services you find interesting.
From Third-Party Sources:
We may work with third parties to collect and analyze the information as described above and for other purposes described below.
If you access our Services through other websites on which we have "stores" (e.g., eBay), we will collect and analyze the information described above that is obtained through your interaction with those websites. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via other aspects of the Services. You are also subject to such "store's" terms of use and privacy policy in connection with these Services.
If you access our Services with your login credentials from a social networking site (e.g., Facebook or Twitter) or if you otherwise agree to associate your Gilt account with a social networking account, we may receive personal information about you from such social networking site, in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of the social networking site. For example, Facebook may share with us your friend list, birthday, information about the interests of you or your friends, or other personal information, to help us establish your account, tailor the Services to you and find other current or potential Services users that you know. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via other aspects of the Service. You are also subject to the social networking site's terms of use and privacy policy. We use the OAuth (open authorization) protocol to enable us to access this information without collecting your password when you agree to allow another application to access your account information.
Further, we may obtain information from others (including social media networks, advertising service providers and networks) that does not identify you personally or, if you have given that service or us permission to do so, information that identifies you personally. This information may be combined with information you have provided to us or that we or others have collected about you, so that we may maximize the benefit you receive from the Services and deliver advertising or other promotions targeted to your specific interests on our websites and mobile applications and when you use other websites or mobile applications. Information about you also may be aggregated with other subscriber information for the purposes identified above.
HOW DOES GILT USES YOUR INFORMATION?
Gilt may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes:
Contact Information and Personal Identifiers, Payment Information, and Commercial Information:
To facilitate the provision of the Services, including the purchase of goods or services, send communications about the Services and respond to questions or requests;
To support and enhance your use of the Services and their features, including without limitation: fulfilling your order; providing customer service; tracking email invitations you send; and otherwise supporting your use of the Services and its features.
Browsing and Device Information and Demographic Information:
To give you a more enjoyable, convenient shopping experience, learn about your habits, personalize your user experience, and help us identify and/or provide information, products or services that may be of interest to you;
To serve you ads tailored to your interests or to tailor ads that may be served to you when you visit other websites, mobile applications, or social media networks; and
To conduct market research, improve the Services and help us identify others who may be interested in the Services.
Contact Information and Commercial Information, in combination with Demographic and Other Data:
To protect the security and integrity of the Services and our business, including preventing fraud, hacking, and other criminal activity, or to meet legal obligations; and
We may use the information we collect from you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
HOW DOES GILT SHARES YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHER
Gilt may permit certain trusted service providers to access your information in connection with their performance of services to maintain and operate our websites and mobile applications.
Contact Information and Personal Identifiers, Browsing and Device Information, and Demographic Information:
We may store your contact information and commercial information with service providers who help us deliver the Services, for example, hosting the websites and mobile applications and operating various features of the Services.
We may share personal identifiers, browsing information, or demographic information to advertising providers to serve you ads tailored to your interests or to tailor ads that may be served to you on our website and mobile application, as well as other websites and mobile applications, and on social media networks.
We provide email addresses and browsing information to email and marketing providers as well as analytics services to send email messages and analyze data; provide search results and links and assist in fulfilling your orders.
Payment Information and Commercial Information:
Your payment and commercial information with trusted payment processors, merchandise vendors, and shipping services who help process and fulfill orders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, text messaging opt-in data and consent information will not be shared with any third parties.
Certain areas of the Services may be provided to you in association with service providers and third parties, such as companies that provide products and services, rewards programs, conduct joint sales programs, sweepstakes, promotional campaigns, and other jointly sponsored events. Such Services will identify the third party. If you elect to register for any products and/or services provided during the Services, you either will be providing your information to both Gilt and such third party, or Gilt might share your information directly with such third party for that third party to fulfill their products and our products and services directly with you.
We may share collected information within Gilt Groupe LP’s affiliated companies and any future additions to Gilt Groupe, LP’s family of affiliated companies.
Other Third Parties:
Where permitted by applicable law, Gilt may share your information with select partners, affiliates, and other third parties that we believe may have offers or be of interest to you. Some of these strategic relationships may include operating a co-branded website or web pages with a strategic partner. You should be aware that these co-branded sites may collect different or additional information. Additionally, we may provide links to websites controlled by third parties. We have no control over these websites and our privacy policy does not apply to these third-party websites. Please consult the privacy policy of the website you are visiting. Also, as part of providing the Services, we may share personal information or other information with our parent, subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliates and across our various websites, apps, and social media pages. Occasionally, where permitted by applicable law, we provide our postal mailing list (consisting of member names and postal mailing addresses, but not email addresses) to other companies for purposes of marketing the Services or other products or services that may be of interest to you. If you post, use any bulletin board, chat room, or any other publicly accessible area of our websites or mobile applications that we may make available, you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by any person for any purpose. We are not responsible for the personal information or other information you choose to submit in these forums.
Legal Disclosures; Safety:
Gilt may transfer and/or disclose the information we receive from and about you to comply with a legal obligation; to provide information to law enforcement and other governmental authorities in accordance with applicable law, and when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. We also reserve the right to share information with legal authorities and other companies for fraud protection and credit risk reduction, to detect any technical or security vulnerabilities, to enforce our Terms of Use or other applicable policies, or to otherwise protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, users of the Services, Gilt, or the public.
Sale of Business:
During the normal course of our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires all or a part of Gilt Groupe, LP or its family of affiliated companies, all or a portion of the information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against Gilt Groupe, LP or its family of affiliated companies, such information may be considered an asset of such company and may be sold or transferred to third parties. Should a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personally identifiable information provided through the Services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Aggregate or Anonymous Non-Personal Information:
We may also share or sell non-identifiable aggregate or anonymous information with our affiliates, agents, service providers, business partners, or other third parties for their marketing or analytics uses or for other lawful purposes. This type of non-identifiable and aggregate information cannot be used to identify you personally.
WHAT ABOUT CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS OF YOUR INFORMATION?
Except as expressly provided herein, this is a U.S. website subject to U.S. laws, including those governing privacy and data security, and we will protect your information as described in this Privacy Policy. When we obtain information about you, we and our service providers and partners may process the information outside of the country where you are located, including in the U.S. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you are located, and such information may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and as applicable in such foreign jurisdictions. However, we and our vendors have implemented reasonable measures to protect your information, as described in this Privacy Policy. You consent to any such cross-border transfer of your personal information.
HOW DOES GILT USE COOKIES AND TARGETED OR BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING?
We and our vendors may use technology such as cookies and web beacons in connection with the Services to identify you when you are online and to collect information about your online activities, such as the type of browser you use, the websites you visit and the content and advertising that you find interesting.
Cookies are small text files that may remain on your computer's hard drive for a period of time that may be used to maintain data relevant to your navigation of the Internet, save personal settings and information, and track web browsing habits. Web beacons are clear picture files that you cannot see that we use to monitor traffic and track your activities on the Internet.
The following is a description of the four general categories of cookies that we may use to provide you the Services:
Strictly Necessary Cookies:
These cookies are essential to enable you to browse and use the functionality of a website and without them, the Services cannot be provided. We use these cookies, among other things, to recognize and maintain your logged-in status throughout your visit and manage your shopping bag.
Performance Cookies:
These cookies may be used to collect information about how visitors use the Services, for example, pages that they visit and if they receive error messages. This information would not identify individual customers and is used in the aggregate to improve our Services.
Functional Cookies:
These cookies may be used to remember certain choices customers make about how they like to use the Services and provide a more personalized experience, for example, shipping country and currency preferences.
Targeted Cookies:
These cookies may be used to deliver online advertisements that are relevant to you and your interests and to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. They may be placed on the Services by us or by our advertising partners with our permission. For more on targeting cookies and your ability to opt out of control their use, please see Section 6 regarding Choice and Opt-Out below.
By registering for and using the Services, you are consenting to the use of cookies. Because of the members-only nature of our Services, cookies are essential to the function of our websites and the provision of the Services. If you do not agree to the use of cookies, you may not be able to use the Services. Depending on where you reside, you may have the right to opt out of the use of targeted cookies. Section 6 provides more information on how to opt out or restrict cookies.
Targeted/Behavioral Advertising
We may use the information you provide to us, and information we collect about your use of our products and services, to assist us and our partners in our effort to deliver you online advertising that is relevant to your interests. In connection with these activities, we may work with social media networks and advertising service providers who help deliver these ads to you.
Our advertising service providers may also use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, aggregated information, and Internet activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. See Section 6 about how to opt out of these online advertisements and what rights you may have to do so in Section 11.
HOW CAN YOU MAKE CHOICES ABOUT OR OPT-OUT OF DATA COLLECTION?
You can make choices about the collection, use, and sharing of your information, either through our website and apps or third-party tools:
Marketing Communications
You may change your email address for receipt of marketing communications by going to My Account.
You can opt out of receiving marketing emails from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of those emails. You may also manage your preferences to receive email or other communications from us by selecting the “Manage Email Preferences” link in your “My Account” section or by sending an email to
customerservice@cs.gilt.com
. We will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests promptly, but you may still receive communications from us for up to ten business days as we process your request. Please note that your friends and contacts may still choose to send email invitations to you.
You may choose to opt-out of receiving marketing communications through our mobile app notifications and text notifications in the manner identified when you opt-in to receive those notifications or as may be specified in those marketing communications.
Location Data
When you use our mobile applications, you may be able to choose not to share your location data by adjusting the applicable settings on your mobile device (the manufacturer or your service provider should be able to provide assistance). For additional information regarding location data and tracking, including how it may be used and how you may be able to opt-out of or otherwise avoid tracking by many third-party mobile analytics firms, visit
https://smart-places.org/
and
https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices
.
Data Analytics
As disclosed above, we use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our websites. These third parties (and third-party devices and applications) may use cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies, as described above, in performing these services. If you do not wish to have technology used to gather information about how you interact with the Services while you are on our websites, please see Targeted Advertising in this Section 6 below to learn how you can restrict the use of cookies in your browser and other tracking technologies. For more information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Cookies
You can restrict cookies generally through your browser’s cookie control settings. Each browser is a little different, but the most common browsers (Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari) have a preference or option you can select so that the browser notifies you if a site wants to set a cookie and typically provides an option to accept or reject the cookie before the cookie is set. If you choose to remove or reject cookies, it will affect many features on our website and you may not be able to access certain aspects of the Services. For additional information about cookies, including how to refuse cookies, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Targeted Advertising
To opt out of targeted cookies on our website that share your personal information with our advertising partners, please click on the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
link included at the bottom of each page on our website and in the Account tab of our mobile apps.
You may also be able to opt out of certain targeted ads through advertising industry organizations or individual advertising providers. For example, you can visit
www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
and
www.aboutads.info/choices
and follow the instructions on how to opt-out. For instructions on how to specifically opt-out of Criteo advertising services, please view the Criteo Privacy Policy at
https://www.criteo.com/privacy
/
. Please also note that most opt-out mechanisms are cookie-based, so you must have cookies enabled in your web browser, and they will only affect the specific computer and browser that is used to submit an opt-out request. If you have multiple computers or change computers, or use multiple browsers, you will need to submit opt-out requests for each such computer or browser. Once you opt-out, if you delete your browser’s saved cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Mobile devices may involve unique advertising choice mechanisms as described in the. For more information, please see the Location Data section above in this Section 6. Opt-out mechanisms provided by third-parties or depending on your browser are not controlled by us, and we cannot guarantee their effectiveness.
Sale of Personal Information
Gilt does not sell our customers’ personal information for money. However, in providing the Services, we may disclose personal information to third parties in ways that may be deemed a sale under California law. You can opt out of these activities by clicking on the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
link at the bottom of every page of our website and in the Account tab of our mobile apps.
WHAT ABOUT DATA SECURITY?
We are committed to protecting the information we receive from you. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
Your credit card and other personal information are protected using reasonable encryption measures to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your PC or device. In addition, only those employees and third parties who need access to your information to perform their duties are allowed such access.
We also require you to enter a password to access your account. We recommend that you not disclose your password to unauthorized people.
FOR HOW LONG IS YOUR DATA STORED?
Personal information that we collect, access or process will be retained only so long as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected, as necessary for our legitimate business purposes, or as required or authorized by law. Personal information that is no longer required to fulfill the identified purposes will be destroyed, erased, or de-identified.
WHAT ABOUT CHILDREN'S PRIVACY AND PARENTAL CONTROLS?
Protecting children's privacy is important to us, and the Site and App are not intended for children under the age of thirteen. We do not direct the Site or App to, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from, such children. If you are not 18 or older, you are not authorized to use the Services. If Gilt learns that a child under the age of thirteen has provided personally identifiable information to the Site or App, it will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from its files.  Parents should be aware that there are parental control tools available online that you can use to prevent your children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors.
WHO DO I CONTACT IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS POLICY OR WANT TO LODGE A COMPLAINT?
We welcome you to reach out if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy practices. Please feel free to contact Customer Service via email at
customerservice@cs.gilt.com
. We are transparent about the ways in which we collect and use personal information and welcome your questions and concerns. If you have any concerns or complaints about the way we handle your personal information, please contact us at
giltlegal@gilt.com
. Please use the words “Privacy Appeal” or similar in the subject line. To the extent you believe we have not addressed your concerns or otherwise choose to do so, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the country where you reside and/or the United States. You may contact the US Federal Trade Commission regarding your concerns. For more information, please see
https://www.ftc.gov/faq/consumer-protection/submit-consumer-complaint-ftc
.
WHAT ARE YOUR DATA PRIVACY RIGHTS?
Accessing, Updating, And Deleting Your Personal information
We respect your right to delete, access, and correct your personal information. If you are a registered user, you may access and update your registration information (including your name, email address, phone number, billing and shipping addresses, and payment information) through your MyAccount page.  You can submit personal information related requests by following the directions in the Consumer Privacy Law section below.
We may need to retain data for legally permitted purposes, and this will be explained to you if necessary. You may have additional rights regarding the processing and storage of your personal information under applicable law as discussed in the Consumer Privacy Law and California Consumer Privacy Rights sections.
Consumer Privacy Law
The consumer privacy laws of the state or other jurisdiction where you live in may grant you certain rights in your personal information, including the right to request to know what types of and actual personal information we have collected about you, access your personal information, delete your personal information, correct your personal information, as well as appeal any denial of a request relating to these rights. You also have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information and to opt out of targeted or behavioral advertising. To submit a request to know, access, delete or correct your personal information, please fill out our
Data Rights Request
form
here
. If you are using our mobile apps, you can find the
Data Rights Request
form link under the Account tab.  You can also reach out to our customer service team for assistance at 1-800-789-2233 or
customerservice@cs.gilt.com
. You can opt out of the sale of your personal information or use for targeted advertising, by clicking on the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
link at the bottom of each page on our website and in the Account tab of our mobile app.
When you exercise these rights and submit a request to us, and depending on the nature of your request, we will verify your identity by asking you for information such as the email address attached to your member account, your billing address and the last four digits of a credit or debit card on file.  We also may use a third-party verification provider to verify your identity.
California Consumer Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law provides you with the rights above with respect to your personal information as well as the right to designate an authorized agent in writing to make a request on your behalf.
No Discrimination
. We will not discriminate against you because you exercised any of these rights. We do not knowingly collect personal information from any California consumer under the age of 16.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
From time to time, we may offer our customers certain promotions, such as sweepstakes, discounts or free shipping (each a “Promotion”) that may ask you to provide additional personal information, such as your contact information (e.g., email or phone number). The details of any such Promotion will be disclosed at the time of enrollment or participation. Participation in such Promotions is voluntary, and customers may opt out of participating at any time by contacting customer service at 1-800-789-2233 or
customerservice@cs.gilt.com
.  The value of the personal information collected from you for a Promotion is reasonably related to the benefit you obtain from the Promotion.
Shine the Light Requests
.  If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 also permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To request a list of the names and addresses of third parties to whom we disclosed such information during the preceding calendar year along with a list of the categories of information disclosed, please send an email to
giltlegal@gilt.com
or write to us at the following address:
Gilt Groupe, LP
281 Summer Street
Boston, MA 02210
Attn:  Legal Department
HOW DOES GILT COMMUNICATE CHANGES TO THIS POLICY?
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we may disclose it to anyone. Your continued use of the Site or App following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept these changes.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT GILT?
Please contact us at:
Gilt Groupe, LP
281 Summer Street
Boston, MA 02210
1-800-789-2233
customerservice@cs.gilt.com
For all questions about unsubscribing from marketing communications, contact
customerservice@cs.gilt.com
. For questions about this Privacy Policy or other privacy-related questions, contact
giltlegal@gilt.com
.
© 2007 – 2023 Gilt Groupe, LP. All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Statistics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Preference Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
host description
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
This website uses cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
more information
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All