Home
|
News
|
Forums
|
Turf Map
|
Screenshots
|
Play Turf Wars Now!
Privacy Policy
MeanFreePath, LLC
Revised:
June 25, 2013
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes MeanFreePath, LLC’s (“MeanFreePath,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) privacy practices with regard to information, including Personal Information (as defined below), that we collect and receive from users or visitors of MeanFreePath’s websites located at turfwarsapp.com or www.globalsupremacyapp.com (the “Site”), MeanFreePath’s games, services, programs, and applications, and any other linked pages, features, or content made available by MeanFreePath (collectively, the “Service”).
“Personal Information” means information that allows someone to identify or contact you, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing, and may include, but is not limited to, an individual’s first and last name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other billing or account information. Personal Information does not include aggregate information, which is data we may collect about the characteristics and activities of users of the Service, from which any personally identifiable information has been removed. This Privacy Policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate information or of other non-personal information. “Non-Personal Information” means information or data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual.
MeanFreePath stores and processes information in the United States.  If you reside outside the United States, you understand that your Personal Information may be processed in countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing personal information may be less stringent than in your country.
This Privacy Policy is a part of our Terms of Service. If any provision in this Privacy Policy is inconsistent or conflicts with any provision in the Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy will control with respect to the subject matter hereof. Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given to them in the Terms of Service.
A.	Consent
By submitting Personal Information through our Site or the Service, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
B.	Information Collection and Use
MeanFreePath may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information from you when you access or use the Service or Site, as described below. We use information that we collect to create your Account, fulfill your requests, improve our Site and Service, contact you, conduct research, create reports for internal use, and in the manners described below.
Collection and Use by MeanFreePath.
Some specific types of information, which may include Personal Information, that MeanFreePath may collect and use (directly or through our third party service providers) includes the following:
Device-Specific Information.
When you launch any of our games or applications through the Site or Service, we collect information regarding your device. Device-specific information includes, but is not limited to, the following information about your mobile device: device type, operating system version, platform type and version (iOS v6, Android, etc.), hardware and processor type, carrier provider, mobile network information, IP address, whether you are using a point package, unique device ID, screen resolution and human readable hardware name.  In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service.
Registration Information.
When you register for an Account through the Service, we will ask you to create a user ID and may ask for Personal Information such as your name, email address, mobile phone number, or other information. When you register with MeanFreePath and sign in to your Account to access or use the Service, you are not anonymous to us. Certain components of your Personal Information, such as your username and other information, may always be publicly visible by other users on the Service, including when such users view your Account profile page. Your email address will not be publicly visible to other users on the Service. We encourage you to consider carefully what information to share as part of your Account profile and elsewhere in the Service, and we recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and not use your real name as your username, as that may allow other users of the Service to identify you. Any information you choose to share should reflect how much you want other users of the Service to know about you. You can review and revise your Account profile information at any time. We may use your Personal Information you submit during the registration process to send you Service-related communications. We may also use such Personal Information to send you electronic newsletters or promotional e-mails, unless you have requested not to receive such promotional communications from us as described below.
Location Information.
We may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device (as further described in the MeanFreePath Terms of Service). We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.  We may retain and store historical data on our users’ locations (GPS or other location data) temporarily in our main database, and permanently in our backup files.  This data is never shared with any third parties, except:
as is necessary and implicit for the Services/games we provide (including indirect sharing to the extent necessary and integral for gameplay, such as showing other game participants your user name/user profile’s proximity and/or other features that are implicit in the Services/game(s) – all such sharing as set forth in this
is done, however, utilizing, at most, your user name or user profile information or device identification information, but not any other identifiable information with which you have provided us (see also Section E of MeanFreePath’s Terms of Service, regarding Location information and risks associated to the same to which you are agreeing by utilizing the Services);
as requested by government or law enforcement officials or otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy; and/or
as may be necessary for MeanFreePath to enforce its legal rights, such as, without limitation, locating you to the extent you have violated our intellectual property rights.
You understand that if you or any other user shares your location information, such information is disclosed to the public. This includes if you decide to add, identify, share or otherwise disclose additional information about your location in the Service, or use personally identifiable information in your user name or user profile or communications in or related to the Services.
Your Game Play Record.
Your game play record includes your user name and user profile, in game actions, connections to other players, locations added, identified, modified, or played, last played game and score, and other game achievements (for example, high scores) (collectively, the “Game Play Record”). This Game Play Record is automatically created for every user of the Service. This information, along with your user name and user profile, are used to identify you as a user of the Service and is visible to other users when they access the Service.
Game-Specific Information.
Game-specific information includes information about your use of a specific MeanFreePath game or application through the Service, including your Game Play Record, the mobile device used to play the game, game features used, Virtual Currencies or Virtual Goods purchased and used, total online game sessions and duration, country code and IP address, for that game (collectively, “Game-Specific Information”). We use Game-Specific Information to understand your use and preferences with respect to the game and to improve the game and our Service.
Chat and Discussion-Related Information.
This information includes user name and user profile, text and time stamps of the message, and the content of the message. We use this information to moderate forums, chat rooms and instant messaging communications. Information you post in forums, chat rooms and instant messaging communications are publicly available and other people may see it.
Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods Purchase Information.
Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods purchase information includes device ID, currency type and exchange rate, country location, product identifier, item ID and quantity, and third party transaction ID (such as, but not limited to, PayPal). We use this information to store your inventory on our servers so you can later retrieve it on your mobile device; when this inventory changes we record and store the type and quantity of the items that have changed.
Payment Information.
When you pay for any Service or feature thereof, including any Virtual Currency or Virtual Good, or other material offered for purchase through the Service, we will collect the billing and financial information necessary to process your charges, which may include your name, phone number, mailing address and e-mail addresses. MeanFreePath may also receive the billing and payment information that you provide, as well as information about your use of products and services offered, when your purchase is processed by another party, such as Apple (for purchases on iOS devices) or MeanFreePath’s advertisers. Our Terms of Service explain our policies and terms relevant to our charges and billing practices. Please note that purchases of third party credits or currencies (like Facebook Credits) may also be subject to additional policies.
Twitter, Facebook and other Social Media Credentials.
You may be able to connect your MeanFreePath Account to social media platforms, programs or applications, such as Twitter or Facebook (“Social Media”), in which case we will collect your Social Media user name/ID, session key, timestamps and your user profile picture URL (if applicable) provided by them, and list of friend/contact IDs.
Invite a Friend.
We may also offer you the ability to access your address book contacts or manually enter contact information so that you can: (i) locate your contacts on the Service; and (ii) invite those contacts to join you in the Service. If you decide to invite a third party to create an account with MeanFreePath, we will collect your and the third party’s names, e-mail addresses and/or phone number, in order to send an e-mail and/or SMS text message on your behalf to the third party. We send these invites on your behalf and as your service provider. You agree that you and/or your friend/contact are responsible for any text messaging rates that apply. Any contact information provided for purposes of sending such invitation(s) will not be stored  in our database.
Feedback; Communications.
If you provide us Feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply. If you participate in a survey provided by MeanFreePath, we may collect additional profile information as requested in the survey. Any Feedback you provide will be governed by the Terms of Service. We may use Personal Information submitted in your communications and the surveys to contact and respond to you in the same manner as described above for registration information.
Log File Information (Technical and Usage Information).
When you register an Account with or view or access our Site or the Service, we may collect and store certain technical information about your mobile device or computer system and usage statistics about your interactions with the Service or Site. Such information may include, but is not limited to: details of how you used our Service, such as your search queries; IP address; mobile device ID; device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL; your web request; referring / exit pages and URLs; number of clicks; domain names; landing pages; pages viewed; cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your MeanFreePath Account; and other browsing information. This information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and improve the Site and Service.
Cookies.
We use “cookies” to keep and track your information. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes, and allows our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our Site are visited and by how many people. MeanFreePath cookies do not collect Personal Information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email address is. We may use session ID cookies and/or persistent cookies. Session cookies make it easier for you to log in faster and navigate within the Site and Service. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We may set a persistent cookie to store your password if you choose “auto login”, so you don’t have to enter it more than once. We may also store your display resolution and whether JavaScript is enabled in your browser to enhance your user experience. Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. You can remove or deactivate cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s help file. We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our Service’s most attractive features.
Clear Gifs.
When you register with or view our Site, we may employ clear gifs, also known as web beacons, which are used to track your online usage patterns. No Personal Information from your MeanFreePath Account is collected using clear gifs. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to you to track which emails are opened by you. This information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and improve the Site and Service.
Push Notifications & Local Notifications.
With your consent, we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game or application updates and other relevant messages. We may send local notifications to your mobile device to provide game or application updates and other relevant information. You may be able to manage notifications from your device’s settings page or directly through the Service.
Collection and Use by Third Party Tools. The Service may also contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, such as Google Analytics. Such third parties may use cookies and application programming interfaces in our Service to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. While a third party may have access to your Personal Information in connection with the performance of services for MeanFreePath, it may not use such information for any purpose other than providing services to MeanFreePath.
C.	Information Sharing and Disclosure
MeanFreePath does not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other persons or entities, except with your permission, as described above, or under the following circumstances:
Service Providers.
We may provide your information to third party companies and individuals, including third party vendors and other service providers, who we employ to facilitate provision of the Service (“Service Providers”)(e.g., without limitation, improvement of our Services’ features, user Account authentication, promotion and marketing, administration, analytics, virtual currency transactions, crowd-sourcing, cloud storage and other related services), to provide the Service on our behalf, or to assist us in analyzing how the Service is used. Our Service Providers have access to Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and may not use Personal Information for any other purpose.
Payment Processors.
We may provide your credit card and related billing and payment information to third party service providers engaged on MeanFreePath’s behalf, including payment processors and/or credit agencies, for the purposes of checking credit, effecting payment, and servicing your Account.
With Third Parties and Industry Analysis.
We may share aggregated Non-Personal Information with Third Party Publishers, as well as advertisers and ad networks (“Advertising Entities”) with whom we have strategic relationships. Unless you specifically opt in to share your Personal Information, the information that we share with these third parties will only be used in the form of Non-Personal Information to support user trend analyses and demographic profiling. Some Third Party Publishers and Advertising Entities also act as Service Providers (defined above) to us, so in those cases we will share your information as described herein.
Other Disclosures.
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Information (as described below), MeanFreePath may disclose your Personal Information as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate:
to respond to subpoenas, warrants, court orders, lawful requests or legal process;
to establish or exercise our legal rights, defend against legal claims, or protect the property and rights of MeanFreePath or any third party, including other users;
to protect the safety of the public or any person;
in order to investigate, prevent, stop, or take action regarding any activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable, suspected fraud, or as otherwise required by law; or
to investigate, prevent, stop, or take action regarding any violation of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service.
Affiliates.
Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our Affiliates in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
Acquirer.
If MeanFreePath is acquired by or merged with a third party, that third party will possess the Personal Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Non-Personal Information.
We may create Non-Personal Information records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We reserve the right to use and disclose Non-Personal Information at our discretion.
D.	Choices
Non-Disclosure.
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, even though it may be needed to take advantage of certain MeanFreePath features.
Opting Out of Marketing.
With your explicit permission, we may periodically send you free newsletters, e-mails or other communications that directly promote the use of our Site and Service. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us at privacy@meanfreepath.com.
Service-Related Communications.
Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may (but are not obligated to) send you Service-related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy. You may opt out of these communications if you terminate your Account.
Changes and Deletion of Your Data.
You may change some but not all of your Personal Information in your Account by editing certain information, including your user profile information, username and password, within your Account. Your ability to add or update your information will change as our Service changes. When you update or change information, however, we may (but are not obligated to) maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. We also need to retain one of the following: your MeanFreePath Account user name, user profile, and your email address. Please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
E.	Deleting Your Account
Should you ever decide to delete your MeanFreePath Account, you may do so by contacting MeanFreePath at support@meanfreepath.com. If you terminate your Account, your profile, including any messages, comments, and forum posts by you or to you will be removed from the Service and deleted from MeanFreePath’s servers. Because of the way we maintain MeanFreePath, such deletion may not be immediate, and residual copies of your profile information or posts may remain on backup media.
F.	Security
Your MeanFreePath Account Personal Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your Account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your Account, as well as protecting any devices the Service is installed on.
We make reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information, but no company, including MeanFreePath, can fully eliminate security risks connected to handling information on the internet. For example, your Personal Information may be affected by actions outside of our control, such as computer “hacking”, physical theft, unauthorized entry or use, or hardware or software failure, which may compromise the security of user information at any time. You acknowledge that you provide your Personal Information at your own risk.
The Service may contain links to other websites. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that MeanFreePath does not own or control, or to individuals that MeanFreePath does not employ or manage. MeanFreePath is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other websites. When linking to another website you should read the privacy policy stated on that website. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Service. In addition, the Service contains links to outside sources, both ones we have added ourselves and ones that members or users have submitted. While we attempt to provide links only to those sites that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those websites. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any websites you visit.
G.	Regarding Children
Our Service and Site are not intended for children under the age of 13 (“Children”) and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from Children. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from Children, we will take all reasonable measures to erase such information from our systems and records as soon as possible.
H.	Third Party Websites, Products, Services, Content, and Links
Please be aware that, as previously stated, the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to third party websites, products, services, or content or to links provided for the foregoing on our Site or through the Service. When you broadcast information to such third party websites, such information is no longer under the control of MeanFreePath and is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of such third parties. Third party providers of such third party websites, products, services, or content, including other companies and organizations who advertise our Service, may collect (via tracking technologies like cookies or web beacons) and use anonymous information regarding your interaction with the third party website, product, service, or content that they deliver and with which you interact.
I.	Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended by MeanFreePath from time to time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on our Site or notifying you through your MeanFreePath game application interface or at your primary email address (as specified in your Account information). Your continued use of the Site or Service after the changes are first notified by MeanFreePath as described above will constitute your agreement to such changes. If you object to any change, your sole recourse shall be to immediately terminate your Account and cease using the Site and Service.
J.	California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To exercise such rights, California residents may contact us at: privacy@meanfreepath.com. Within 30 days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. A request may be made no more than once per calendar year and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the email address above.
K.	Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or privacy using the Service or Site, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@meanfreepath.com or by writing to us at:
MeanFreePath, LLC,
560 Haight Street #104
San Francisco, CA 94117
in each case marking the message “Attention: Privacy Policy.”
© 2021, MeanFreePath, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Purchase Respect Points
NEW!
·
Support
·
Turf Map
·
Terms
·
Privacy
©2021 MeanFreePath LLC