United Kingdom
Japan
Hong Kong
Singapore
United Kingdom | EN
Select Country
United Kingdom | EN
Japan | JP
Hong Kong | EN
Singapore | EN
Sign in
0
Berry Bros. & Rudd
Search
Close
NEW IN
Featured
Rhône 2023
1983 Ch. Palmer, Margaux
Critically acclaimed whiskies
2020 Brunello, Il Poggione
Burgundy bin-ends
Gift vouchers
Drink now
1993 Penfolds, Bin 707
2012 La Grande Dame
2015 Ch. du Tertre, Margaux
2021 La Montesa, Rioja
2023 Prager, Grüner Veltliner
Latest arrivals
Collecting
2022 Ornellaia, Bolgheri
2019 Viña Ardanza, Reserva
2019 Vigna Paganelli
2015 Único, Vega Sicilia
Ch. Giscours Ex-château
Latest releases
Spirits
Midleton, Very Rare, 2025
Daftmill, 15-Year-Old (2024)
Johnnie Walker, Blue Label
Four Roses, 135th Annivers.
The Macallan, Space Mastery
All new spirits
OWN SELECTION
Featured
March mix of the month
Capsule-free bottles
Winter selection
Our Clarets
New vintages
All Own Selection
By style
Red
White
Rosé
Champagne and sparkling
Fortified and sweet
Mixed cases
By region
Bordeaux
Burgundy
Rhône
Italy
Spain
Americas
Our spirits
No.3 Gin
Cognac
Whiskies
Rum
Gin
All spirits
DRINK NOW
Featured
Claret
Organic wine
Hidden gems
Our bin ends
Mature Burgundy
Critically acclaimed
By price
Under £20
£20 - £50
£50 - £100
Over £100
Mixed cases
All wine
By style
Red
White
Rosé
Large formats
Fortified and sweet
Champagne and sparkling
By region
Bordeaux
Burgundy
Rhône
Italy
Spain
California
COLLECTING
Featured
Burgundy 2023: Grands Crus
Burgundy 2023: under £300
Start your wine collection
Bordeaux Grands Crus
Critically acclaimed
Our latest releases
By style
Red
White
Claret
Champagne
Large formats
Fortified and sweet
By region
Bordeaux
Burgundy
Rhône
Italy
Spain
California
En Primeur
Fine wine calendar
Brunello 2020
Burgundy 2023
Bordeaux 2023
Loire 2024
All En Primeur wines
BBX
Buying with BBX
All BBX listings
Best of BBX
New to BBX
Bid for wine
Best of BBX Top 50
Best of BBX: Cases under £300
Selling with BBX
How to sell your wines
List your wines on BBX
Register to sell
How BBX works
About BBX
Buying with BBX
Selling with BBX
Cellar Manager app
BBX help
Your BBX
Your BBX listings
Bids on your cellared wines
Your BBX bids
Your BBX bid alerts
Your BBX dashboard
SPIRITS
Featured
Critically acclaimed
Fine and rare whiskies
Low and no alcohol
Exclusive casks
Spirits bundles
Cocktails
By brand
The Macallan
The House of Suntory
The Glenturret
Hine Cognac
Tobermory Distillery
Our Own Selection
By type
Whiskies
Gin
Cognac
Armagnac
Rum
All spirits
By price
Under £50
£50 - £100
£100 - £300
£300 - £500
£500 - £1,000
Ultra-premium
EVENTS
Featured
Bordeaux events
Burgundy events
Lunches and dinners
Tutored tastings
Spirits events
Complimentary tastings
Ticketed events
Events at 3 St James's Street
WSET & courses
All upcoming events
Private events
Hiring our cellars
Seasonal menus
Download our brochure
Find out more
Our spaces
Our food
Our experts
Events help
Contact us
ADVICE & ARTICLES
About us
Our history
Our shops
Gender pay gap report
Terms & conditions
Sustainability
Customer support
Start collecting
Learn about collecting
Cellar Manager app
Cellar Plan
How to get started
Wine investment
How BBX works
Our expertise
Buying En Primeur
Grape varieties
Our producers
Vintage chart
Wine storage
Our regions
Editorial
Fine wine and spirits 2025
Our latest articles
Explore the archives
Our podcast
No.3 Magazine
Our blog
Enjoy up to 30% off on our bin-ends.
Browse now
Our privacy policy
Menu
For more than three centuries, we’ve been building trusted relationships with our customers, producers, and partners. The way we look after your personal data is at the heart of this.
This privacy policy is designed to clearly and simply explain how, when, and why we collect personal information. It also covers what your rights are and how you can get in touch.
We keep the amount of data we collect to a minimum, limited to the following categories:
•Personal Identifiers and contact information, such as title, name, addresses, phone numbers and email address.
•Transactional data, such as your order history, the wines you have stored with us, or your attendance at any our events, courses, or webinars.
•Marketing and communications data, such as your preferences around how you want to hear from us and your product and service interests, as well as details of when you open marketing emails, and which links you access.
•Feedback information, such as how you rated our products or customer service, or your responses to surveys and market research.
•Dietary information.
•Social identifiers, such as age, gender, socio-economic status.
•Functional data such as registration and system data, as well as additional usage data.
•Payment information and bank details.
Before you register with Berry Bros. & Rudd for access to services or transactional areas of our website, you can browse our website anonymously and we will not collect your data. Once you are registered and logged into your account, we may collect the following:
•	Technical information, including online identifiers, such as IP Address, browser type and version, time zone and location and operating system.
•	Information about your visit, such as times and location of log on or access, duration of sessions, clickstream and similar usage or system data.
Most of the personal information we process is provided to us directly by you, either via our website, or through correspondence via email, phone, or post. We will collect your personal data when you:
•Make an enquiry or purchase our products and services.
•Visit our website or register for an online account.
•Sign up for a ballot or prize draw, either using an online form or via social media.
•Attend an event, experience, or private dinner, join one of our online experiences, or login to our guest WiFi.
•Register to receive our newsletter or blog updates.
•Provide feedback on our products or services or complete a survey or market research questionnaire.
•If you speak to someone in our contact centre, we may record the telephone call.
•If you visit one of our shops, events spaces or offices, your image may be recorded on CCTV, which is in operation for the safety of our staff and customers.
We also collect data via automated means, such as when you visit our website or use our app. We use cookies on our website to provide the best possible experience. You can find out more about how we use cookies in our
Cookies Policy
.
Finally, we also receive personal information indirectly, from the following sources in the following scenarios:
•When processing gift requests from customers where you are the recipient.
•When you are referred to us via a referral scheme.
•From 3rd parties who we have partnered with to deliver a product or service (you will always be informed if this is the case).
•Personal identifiers or contact information from publicly available sources or data brokers.
We use your personal data not only to provide you with products and services, but to ensure that you receive the best possible experience and to improve and develop what we offer. More specifically, we use the information that you have given us in order to:
•Fulfil contracts, orders and collect payment.
•Resolve customer queries and complaints, monitor quality, and provide training to our staff.
•Send you marketing communications, primarily via email but from time to time also by phone or post. If you wish to stop receiving some, or all, of our marketing communications, you can unsubscribe by going to the
Your Preferences
section in your online account and changing your ‘Mailing Preferences’, follow the instructions included in the footer of our emails or contact
privacy@bbr.com
.
•Send you service-related emails relating to wine you have stored with us or how your account may be used or managed.
•Improve your experience of our products and services and for product development.
•Detect and prevent faults, breaches of our network security, the law, or our contract terms.
•Contact you to obtain feedback or perform market research.
We work with a small number of trusted 3rd party suppliers, such as logistics partners who help deliver our wine to you, or a digital agency who help maintain our website. We only enter into partnership with suppliers who sign data protection agreements limiting their use of personal data to fulfil their role, and we only ever share the minimum amount of data that they need.
We occasionally enter into event-based marketing agreements with other leading wine and spirits organisations where we are joint controllers. This means that both organisations are jointly responsible for your personal data, and we are required to share it with them if you register for qualifying events. We will always let you know about this before you share any data with us and provide instruction on how you can request a copy of the agreement for your information.
We
do not
share your personal data with anyone else unless required to by law, and we
never
sell your personal data.
Upon request, and when relevant to a service you use, we can provide details of which third parties we work with.
The UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK-GDPR) requires that we always have a lawful basis before processing your personal information.
Therefore, we will only process your data if we have a contractual or legal obligation, a legitimate interest or where we have your consent. You can opt out of data processing or remove your consent at any time by contacting
privacy@bbr.com
.
The safety of your personal information is paramount, and therefore we take every reasonable precaution when it comes to how we store it.
We store the personal data you provide on cloud-based computer systems that have restricted user access and are in controlled facilities. When there is a need to transmit data over the internet, it is protected by encryption and or passwords. Where possible, we avoid storing paper records of personal data.
We have developed and implemented strict policies and processes governing information technology and data user behaviour. These cover areas such as access control, authentication, audit, monitoring, alarms, data storage and back up, transmission standards and environment integrity. We use reasonable endeavours to install and have appropriate security measures in place in our systems and facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you.
We will store your personal information for a minimum of six years plus the current financial year after your last transaction with us.  This is because HMRC requires wine and spirit businesses such as ours to keep all business records concerning excise goods for this time period.
We will keep records of transactions for longer periods, but we will ensure that the data is anonymised.
We retain call recordings for no longer than 18 months.
In some cases, we (or our 3rd party data processors) may need to store, transfer, or process your personal data outside of the UK or the European Economic Area (EEA). Where this happens, we ensure adequate safeguards are in place so that your data is protected in line with both the UK and EU GDPR. This will usually mean one of the following:
•The country that the data is being transferred to has been deemed as having an adequate level of protection by the European Commission and the ICO.
•When transferring data to a 3rd party in the USA, the recipient organisation will be a certified participant in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework and the UK-US Data Bridge (the UK extension of the EU-US DPF), ensuring adequate levels of protection.
•We will put in place a contract with the recipient of your personal information that contains model clauses approved by the European Commission and the ICO ensuring adequate levels of protection.
We firmly believe that you should be in control of how your personal data is stored and used, and we will always happily honour all reasonable and proportionate requests from our customers. It is important for you to know that data protection law provides you with the following legal rights:
-
Your right of access
- You have the right to ask us for a copy of all the personal information we hold on you.
-
Your right to rectification
- You have the right to ask us to correct personal information that you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information that you think is incomplete.
-
Your right to erasure
- You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
-
Your right to restriction of processing
- You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
-
Your right to object to processing
- You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
-
Your right to data portability
- You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
If you wish to make a request, then please contact us at
privacy@bbr.com
or call us on 0800 280 2440.
We will respond to any request as soon as possible but certainly within one calendar month.
We would be happy to discuss any questions that you might have about this privacy policy or how we process your personal information.
We have a team of subject matter experts working hard to look after your data. Principle amongst them is Richard Hulin, Data Manager.
You can get in touch with us by one of the following means:
- By Email: Via
privacy@bbr.com
or submitting a form via the
Contact Us
on our website.
- By Phone: Call us on 0800 280 2440.
- By Post: Write to us at the following address:
Privacy Team
Berry Bros. & Rudd
Hamilton Close
Houndmills
Basingstoke
Hampshire
RG21 6YB
Our registered company details are as follows:
Berry Bros. & Rudd Limited, Company Number 05490962, ICO notification number Z9611515; BB&R Limited (trading as Berry Bros. & Rudd), Company Number 05492886, ICO notification number Z9367033
Registered office address: 3 St James’s Street, London, SW1A 1EG
The best way to contact us if you have any concerns about how we use your data is by sending an email to
privacy@bbr.com
.
Whilst we would appreciate the chance to resolve your issues or concerns ourselves, it is important that you know you have the right to lodge a formal complaint with a supervisory authority at any time – in the UK this is the ‘Information Commissioner’s Office’, or ICO.
You can find out more about the ICO, including the best method to contact them, on their website:
https://www.ico.org.uk
For EU Citizens
Berry Bros. & Rudd continues to be compliant with EU GDPR and EU citizens have the same rights as stated above. If you wish to contact us about exercising these rights, please email
privacy@bbr.com
.
If you wish to make a complaint however, you may prefer to contact a supervisory authority within the EU. Berry Bros. & Rudd has a presence in the EU member states of both Ireland and France.
Therefore, we recommend that you either contact
The Data Protection Commission (DPC)
, the supervisory authority in Ireland, or the
CNIL
, the supervisory authority in France.
For California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) gives California residents certain rights regarding the personal information that businesses collect about them. These rights are:
•The right to know about the personal information a business collects about them and how it is used and shared.
•The right to delete personal information collected from them (with some exceptions).
•The right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information.
•The right to non-discrimination for exercising their CCPA rights.
If you wish to contact us in order to exercise any of these rights, then please email us on
privacy@bbr.com
, referring to the CCPA. We will respond to your request within 45 days.
We
never
sell your personal data.
Cookie Policy
Our auction platform uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the platform. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse it and also allows us to improve it. By continuing to browse the platform, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information, which are downloaded to the browser that you use on your device, when you visit a site. The entity that placed cookie on your browser can then read the information on that cookie that it set. You can find more information about cookies at:
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Our Auction Platform use the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Sites and use their features, such as logging into secure areas of the Sites and place bids. Without these cookies, services like enabling appropriate content based your type of device cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information on the number of visitors on our Sites and how they use them, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and is only used to improve how the Sites work.
Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow the Sites to remember choices you make (such as your language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Social Media Cookies: These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button on the Sites. The social network will record that you have done this. This information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities.
This privacy policy is regularly reviewed and updated at least once every 12 months. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page.
If you are a BB&R customer, we will notify you of any changes which result in a significantly different or new use of your data and give you the option to agree to the new use.
The policy was last updated on 06/02/2024
Back to top
-
Back to homepage
We value your privacy
We use cookies on our website to provide the best possible experience. You can either allow all cookies, allow only necessary cookies, or manage which cookies you want to allow.
Privacy Policy
Allow Only Necessary
Allow All Cookies
Manage Cookies
Cookie Management Centre
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Allow All
Manage Cookie Consent
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Statistics cookies
Also known as “performance cookies,” these cookies collect information about how you use a website, like which pages you visited and which links you clicked on. None of this information can be used to identify you. It is all aggregated and, therefore, anonymised. Their sole purpose is to improve website functions. This includes cookies from third-party analytics services as long as the cookies are for the exclusive use of the owner of the website visited.
Preference cookies
Also known as “functionality cookies,” these cookies allow a website to remember choices you have made in the past, like what language you prefer, what region you would like weather reports for, or what your user name and password are so you can automatically log in.
Marketing cookies
These cookies track your online activity to help advertisers deliver more relevant advertising or to limit how many times you see an ad. These cookies can share that information with other organisations or advertisers. These are persistent cookies and almost always of third-party provenance.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label