Legal
Privacy Policy
WEBSITE PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice explains in detail the types of personal data Liverpool Football Club (“LFC”, “we”, “our” or “us”) we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data and keep it safe.
There’s a lot of information here, but we want you to be fully informed about your rights, and how we use your data.
We hope the following sections will answer any questions you have but if not, please do get in touch with us (see “
How do I get in touch with you or your Data Protection Officer
” section below).
Summary of how we use your data
Our websites and digital applications are designed to allow our fans to easily interact with us. We use your personal data in various ways to facilitate this.
LFC's use of your personal data allows us to provide products, tickets and services that you have purchased, to communicate with our fans, to provide you with information about us and about our products, services and events and may also include, where we are allowed to do so, contacting you about products and services and events that we think you'll be interested in.
Our privacy notice describes how LFC will make use of your personal information when you visit our websites or digital applications, when we communicate with you and when you buy tickets or products from us.
Where we transfer your data internationally, we make sure that it is protected according to the standards required by applicable law.
You also have various rights over your personal data including a right to object to some of the processing of your personal data that LFC carries out.
Our websites and our digital applications may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy notices. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
We will share your personal data with relevant third parties as required by us to meet our obligations under data protection laws and regulations.
What information do we collect and why?
Our use of data analytics
Legal basis for processing personal data
Who will we share this data with, where and when?
What rights do I have?
How do I get in touch with you or your data protection officer?
How do I opt-out of direct marketing?
Which Liverpool entity is my data controller, and which affiliates might my data be shared with?
How long will you retain my data?