At Inkstone Software, Inc. we believe it is important for our customers and users to understand what information we collect, how we use it and who it is shared with. We are therefore committed to protecting your privacy and being transparent about our practices.
Our Privacy Policy explains how Inkstone Software, Inc., an Oregon corporation, and its affiliates (further referred to as “Inkstone Software”,  “Inkstone”, “we” or “us”) collect, use, and share information when you use our websites or our mobile applications (collectively referred to as our “Services”).
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Inkstone Terms of Service. Your use of the Inkstone Service and any personal information you provide to us or via an Inkstone Service remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy will be updated to reflect our current data collection, use, and sharing practices.
Owner and Data Controller
Inkstone Software, Inc., 9450 SW Gemini Dr #17837, Beaverton, Oregon 97008-7105, USA.
Contact email address: contact@inkstonesoftware.com.
Information we collect and why
In order to provide you with our Services, we collect certain information from you when you use our Services. We will hold the above information for as long as is necessary in order to provide you with our services, deal with any specific issues that you may raise or otherwise as is required by law or any relevant regulatory body.
Information we collect about you:
Personal Information
— By using our Services, we may collect the following categories of personal information ("personal information") you provide to us: name; email address; survey and marketing responses; demographics; contact information and other information you provide through our Services; and other information you may provide about yourself or others through our Services or to which you provide us with access via third-party platform.
Device Information
— When you use our Services or open communications (such as emails) , some information is automatically collected from devices (e.g., mobile, computer, laptop, tablet) used to visit or use our Services including, but not limited to, device type, operating system, access times, unique device identifiers, service provider, IP address, screen resolution, browser type, language, referring site and other data about your device that we use to provide the services or as otherwise described in this Policy (" device information"). We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Services using certain technologies, such as cookies, web beacons and other technologies.
Location Information
— If you use our Services, we may receive and store your generic location (such as country or city) for the purposes of analytics. We will collect location information based on, for example, your IP address, to provide anonymous analytical information on the geographical distribution (country or city level) of our visitors and users around the world.
Usage Information
— We collect certain anonymous analytical information when you use our Services, including information about your interaction with the Services, including the actions you take on the Services.
Cookies
— we may also collect certain information through the use of “cookies”. Cookies are small files that your browser places on your computer. We may use session cookies, persistent cookies, and other tracking technologies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to improve our Services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies from the websites you visit.
How we use your information
We use information held about you (and information about others) in the following ways:
to provide you with our services;
to ensure the content on our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer or mobile device; and
to notify you about changes to our service.
How we share your information
For our effective operation and to deliver our Services to you we may share information with Third Parties.
What information we share, who we share it with and why
Personal Information
— We use the Google Mail service for all inquiries directed to us within our mobile applications. Your email address, country, language, device, usage information, and any other information you provide to us in your support inquiry will be visible to our support staff.
Location Information
— Location (on a country or city level) may be inferred and shared with Google Analytics (Google), and Apple Analytics (Apple) to provide us with anonymous analytical information about our users and visitors.
Device and Usage information
— Device and usage information may be shared with Google Analytics (Google), Apple Analytics (Apple), Pushwoosh, Google Admob, and Crashlytics for analytics, crash reporting, and service fulfillment.
Advertising information
— Mobile applications supported with advertising share information with our advertising partners Google Admob and Ogury. This information includes, for example, the name of the app, the device type, IP address, and the advertising ID. The information gathered is solely used to provide our advertising partners with the bare minimum of information they need to provide their services and combat click fraud. Within the EU/EEA, we only serve personalized ads with user consent.
Information you choose to share socially
Our Services may allow you to share your Application Data and information publicly or with friends. Our Services may also allow you to connect with us on, share on, and use third-party platforms, including those on which We have a presence. Please be mindful of your personal privacy needs and the privacy needs of others as you choose whom to connect with and what to share and make public. We cannot control the privacy or security of information you choose to make public or share with others. We do not control the privacy practices of third-party platforms.
Information Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets;
if Inkstone or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party; or
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Inkstone, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection.
Third Party Services
In addition to the Services we provide directly, we also use third-party service providers (collectively referred to as “Third Party Services”) who operate their own Privacy Policies. The Third Party Services we use we deem important to our effective operation.
So you can find out more about the services we use, and in turn those you may use while using and interacting with our Services, we have compiled a list for your reference.
The Third Party Services we use:
Google Analytics
— for the collection of anonymous analytical data to help us better understand how our customers and users use our Services.
Apple Analytics
— (if enabled by user) for the collection of anonymous analytical data to help us better understand how our customers and users use our Services.
Pushwoosh
— for the facility to send push notification messages to mobile application users who opt-in to receive push notifications.
Admob
— for displaying and managing advertisements within our ad-supported mobile applications.
Ogury
— for displaying and managing advertisements within our ad-supported mobile applications.
Data Storage
Application Data
All application data (that is, the data you create and add to Inkstone applications) is only stored locally on your devices. We have no way to access application data and, therefore, cannot read, recover, or share data for or on behalf of any person or organization.
Data we collect
Information about you may be transferred to, or accessed by, entities located around the world as described in this Policy. Some of these entities may be located in countries that do not provide an equivalent level of protection as your home country. By using our Services, and providing us information about you, you consent to the international transfer of information about you to the above parties.
Data Protection
We take reasonable measures to protect any personal information we may hold about you in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.
Data Choices, Access and Correction
Data Choices
Email
— If you do not want to receive marketing and promotional emails from us, you may click on the "unsubscribe" link in the email to unsubscribe and opt-out of marketing email communications. Alternatively, to the extent that applicable law requires your prior opt-in consent to receive marketing and promotional emails, you can choose not to opt-in. Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing communications from one or all of our Services, we may need to send you service-related communications.
Application Data
— If you no longer want to use Inkstone apps and would like to delete all associated Application Data then delete the Inkstone mobile application from your device. As we do not have access to your application data, we cannot do this for you.
Data Access and Correction
If you believe we are storing information that you would like access to or information corrected, please contact us on contact@inkstonesoftware.com.
Children
Our Services do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13, we will delete such information.
Links
Inkstone Services may contain links to and portions of other sites. Inkstone is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other sites. When you leave our site or app or view a portion of a third party’s site through our site or app, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of each such site. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Inkstone.
Changes to this Policy
From time to time we may change our privacy policy and although these changes might be minor we encourage our users to check this page regularly. Any major changes of significant impact to our users will be communicated on the Inkstone site and in-app. By continuing to use Inkstone mobile applications after those changes become effective, you are agreeing to be bound by the revised policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at
contact@inkstonemobile.com.
Inkstone Software
9450 SW Gemini Dr. #17837
Beaverton, OR 97008