App Store
Preview
Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.
Screenshots
iPad
iPhone
Description
Best App on Brain & Nerves!
Topics include:
● Dizziness
● Fainting
● Migraine
● Memory
● Pain
● Concussion
● Paralysis
● Stroke
● Restless Legs
● Multiple Sclerosis
● And many more...
Learn all the cool things about your brain and nervous system here!
The brain is the control center of the body.  It controls thoughts, memory, speech and movement.  It regulates the function of many organs.  When the brain is healthy, it works quickly and automatically.  However, when problems occur, the results can be devastating.
This cool app discusses the most important topics in brain and nerve diseases and is ideal for all medical professionals, medical residents and interns, nurses, medical students, and of course curious lay people who just want to learn more about brain and nerve diseases.
Legal disclaimer: The content on this application is presented for informational purposes only. Never disregard professional medical advice from your physician or health care provider or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this application. This application offers health information for general educational and informational purposes only. It is not the intention of this application to provide specific medical recommendation or professional advice. You should always consult with your physician or health care provider before trying any homeopathic remedies, new treatment, diet or fitness program. You should not use this information to diagnose or treat a health problem or disease without consulting with a qualified health care provider. You should never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this application. This application provides the information content on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis. No warranty is expressed or implied that this application is a comprehensive source of information on any topic of health or otherwise. In no event shall the creator of this application be liable in any manner for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access, use or inability to use this application, or any errors or omissions in the information on this application. The creator of this application reserves the right at any time and from time to time to add, change, modify, update, or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this application (or any part thereof) with or without notice. The creator of this application shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any addition, modification, suspension or discontinuance of this application.
more
What’s New
Version History
24 Jul 2017
Version 2.4.0
This app has been updated by Apple to display the Apple Watch app icon.
User Interface improvements
Minor bug fix
Ratings and Reviews
5.0
out of 5
1 Rating
1 Rating
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
Michael Quach
, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to Apple.
No Details Provided
The developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update.
Information
Provider
Michael Quach has not identified itself as a trader for this app. If you are a consumer in the European Economic Area, consumer rights do not apply to agreements between you and the provider.
Size
14.3 MB
Category
Medical
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 8.0 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 8.0 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 8.0 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English
Age Rating
12+
Infrequent/Mild Medical/Treatment Information
Copyright
© 2017 Michael Quach
Price
Free
In-App Purchases
Ad-Free Version
€2.99
App Support
App Support
More By This Developer
See All
Weird Facts 1000! Cool & True!
Books
Best Riddles & Brain Teasers!
Books
Funny Jokes for Kids & Adults
Books
Easy Weight Loss Fitness Tips!
Medical
Brain Teasers Fun Games Trivia
Reference
Beauty Tips Skin, Nail & Hair
Medical
You Might Also Like
See All
Anatomy & Physiology MIE NCLEX
Medical
Case Files Neurology, 4e
Medical
Neurosurgery: What's the data?
Medical
Gray's Anatomy Audio Hot Spots
Medical
Anatomy & Physiology Made Easy
Medical
Diseases & Disorders: Nursing
Medical
Sub-section Policy: 