Jump to Accessibility
Jump to Content
Our Mobile Banking terms
Find our current Mobile Banking terms below. You can also view older terms in our
archive
.
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 These Terms apply to the Mobile Banking service
(Mobile Banking)
and form part of the agreement between you and us, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. (
RBS
). The terms that apply to the account(s) you access through Mobile Banking (your
Account Terms
), also form part of our agreement. Your Account Terms include details of how payments are made and what happens if something goes wrong. For details on how we use your information, please see our
privacy policy
. It's important that you read this carefully together with these Terms.
If you ever need up-to-date copies of these Terms, please ask us and we'll give you a copy. You can also find them on our website.
1.2 If you have any questions about these Terms, please call us on 0345 366 0013 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0013 (+44 2381 244 178 from outside the UK). If there is any inconsistency between these Terms and your Account Terms, these Terms will apply.
2. OUR DETAILS
We're a member of the NatWest Group. For more information about our group of companies please visit the NatWest Group
website
or contact your branch.
3. THE SERVICE
3.1 You can only use Mobile Banking if:
you’re 11 or over
you’re registered for online banking
you have a valid mobile phone number
3.2 To use Mobile Banking you need to download the RBS Mobile Banking application (the
App
). You can find further details on how to register and full details of the range of services available to you on our
website
. The services that are available to you may vary depending on the type of device you're using and the type of account you have.
3.3 You're responsible for ensuring that your device is capable of operating the App (which we'll update from time to time). We can't guarantee that we'll continue to support the operating system used by your device.
3.4 There may be times when the App, is unavailable for you to use due to maintenance, repairs or upgrades to our systems or the systems of any party we use to provide Mobile Banking. We'll aim to notify you in advance of any maintenance work but may not always be able to do so. Please contact us if you're unable to use the App and we'll do our best to help.
4. SECURITY
4.1 You must take all reasonable steps to keep your security details safe (including any passwords or log-in details)  and you must tell us as soon as possible if you think someone else might know your security details by calling 0345 366 0013 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0013 (+44 2381 244 178 from outside the UK) or by contacting your branch.
4.2
We'll never ask you to give your full security details to us or to any other person or organisation.
4.3 You must not leave the device you're using unattended while you're logged on to Mobile Banking and you must make sure that any information stored or displayed on your device is kept secure.
4.4 If your device is lost or stolen you must contact us as soon as possible by calling 0345 366 0013 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0013 (+44 2381 244 178 from outside the UK) or by contacting your branch.
4.5 You must delete the App from your device if you change your device or dispose of it.
5. INCORRECT OR UNAUTHORISED PAYMENTS
If you suspect that an incorrect or unauthorised payment has been made from your account, please contact us as soon as possible by calling 0345 366 0013 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0013 (+44 2381 244 178 from outside the UK) or contacting your branch. Please read your Account Terms for further information on incorrect and unauthorised payments.
6. YOUR CONTACT DETAILS
If your contact details (including your mobile phone number or email address) change, you should tell us as soon as you can.
7. INSTRUCTIONS
You're responsible for all instructions given through Mobile Banking, by you or anyone acting with your authority.
8. PAYMENTS
General
8.1 Your Account Terms explain how payments into and out of your account work. The section below contains information on Pay Your Contacts, which is a payment service that is specific to Mobile Banking and therefore isn't included in your Account Terms.
8.2 When you make a payment through Mobile Banking we'll make the payment using the Faster Payments Service if possible. If we can't use the Faster Payments Service we'll advise you of alternative ways to make the payment.
Pay Your Contacts
8.3 Pay Your Contacts allows to send money to a third party from your personal account by using the payee's mobile phone number, rather than their account number and sort code.
8.4 You can use this service to make payments to anyone who has registered to use Pay Your Contacts in the App.
8.5 To make a payment in this way, you need to give us:
the mobile phone number of the payee. (This is the information that we use to identify the payee); and
the amount of the payment in pounds sterling.
You're responsible for ensuring that these details are correct.
8.6 When you confirm the payee's mobile phone number and the amount of the payment this will be your payment instruction to us and the payment will be processed immediately.
8.7 We’ll send the payment to the account that the payee has registered to accept Pay Your Contacts payments.
8.8 Once you've asked us to make a payment you won't be able to cancel it. If you realise you've given us an incorrect mobile phone number or payment amount, you must tell us as soon as possible by calling 0345 366 0013 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0013 (+44 2381 244 178 from outside the UK). Where possible we'll try to recover the payment, but might not be able to do so. We won't be liable to you if we're unable to recover a payment in these circumstances.
8.9 We'll notify you within the App if we're unable to make a payment.
8.10 There's a daily limit and an individual transaction limit on payments sent using Pay Your Contacts. Details of these limits are available in our
FAQs
.
8.11 You can register to receive Pay Your Contacts payments in the App. You'll need to confirm your mobile number and select an eligible account to link to your mobile number. Once registered, the name on your account will be disclosed to any other person who enters your mobile number when using Pay Your Contacts.
Pay Your Contacts By Link & Pay Someone Using a Link
Pay Your Contacts by Link applies only to customers operating personal accounts. Pay Someone Using a Link applies only to customers operating business accounts.
8.12 Pay Your Contacts By Link allows you to send money to a third party from your personal account by generating a payment link and sending it to the payee via a Social Messaging Channel, without needing to use their account number and sort code. (Social Messaging Channels include, but are not limited to, SMS, WhatsApp, email, Facebook Messenger, X formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram). Pay Someone Using a Link allows you to do the same but from your business account.
8.13 You can use these services to make payments to anyone who has a smart phone and has access to Open Banking. (Open Banking means the UK’s Open Banking initiative, which RBS is a participant in. You can find out more information about Open Banking at
www.openbanking.org.uk
).
8.14 To make a payment in this way, you need to:
Select the account from which you want to make the payment;
Enter the amount in pounds sterling;
Enter a payment reference;
Generate a payment link; and
Send the payment link to the payee via a Social Messaging Channel.
8.15 You are responsible for ensuring the recipient of the payment link and the amount of the payment are correct. You must not share payment links to group chats or shared inboxes.
8.16 By sending the payment link to the payee you are enabling them to receive a payment from you. However, the transaction will only be made once the payee activates the payment link and follows the necessary steps to accept the payment via Open Banking. Activation of the payment link by the payee will complete your payment instruction to us.
8.17 Payment links can only be used once and will automatically expire within 24 hours if not activated by the payee.
8.18 You can cancel a payment link at any time before it’s activated by the payee.
8.19 We won’t be responsible for any losses relating to any unpaid payments, delay in payments beyond our control or for payment links which are forwarded by the payee to alternative recipients.
8.20 Once a payment link has been activated by the payee you won't be able to cancel it. If you realise you've sent a payment link to an incorrect recipient or for an incorrect payment amount, you must tell us as soon as possible by calling 0345 366 0013 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0013 (+44 2381 244 178 from outside the UK) if you are operating a personal account.
0345 600 2230 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 600 2230 (+44 1315 498 888 from outside the UK) if you are operating a business account.
Where possible we'll try to recover the payment, but we might not be able to do so. We won't be responsible for any losses you suffer if we're unable to recover a payment in these circumstances.
8.21 We'll notify you within the App if we're unable to make a payment.
8.22 There's a daily limit and an individual transaction limit on payments sent using Pay Your Contacts By Link & Pay Someone Using a Link. Details of these limits are available in our
FAQs
.
9. ADDING ACCOUNTS WITH OTHER BANKS
9.1 The “Accounts with other banks” function allows you to add accounts you hold with other UK banks (
Account Providers
), so you can view those other accounts on the App. The accounts you can add will be determined by your Account Provider and not by us.
9.2 If you decide to add another account to the App, you’ll be asked to verify yourself with your Account Provider. This means you’ll be taken to your Account Provider’s log in page and asked to log in in the usual way. You’ll then be brought back to the App, where the account information will be displayed. You’ll need to verify yourself this way every time you add a new account to the App.
9.3 We won’t see, store or use any of your log in details for any account you hold with an Account Provider. We’ll use and store the data we receive from your Account Provider in accordance with our
Account Aggregation Privacy Policy
.
9.4 If you add an account from an Account Provider to the App, you’re giving us permission to contact your Account Provider to request your account information. You’ll be asked to renew this permission every 90 days. If you don’t renew your permission every 90 days, we’ll stop requesting information from your Account Provider. You can choose to remove your permission at any time. If you remove your permission, we’ll stop requesting information from your Account Provider. Depending on your Account Provider, they may continue to send us your account information after we have stopped requesting it.
9.5 To keep the information on your accounts up to date, we’ll automatically refresh your account information periodically throughout the day. The time the information was last refreshed will be shown in the App. You can also manually refresh the information when you are in the App.
9.6 The information we can show you about your other accounts is limited to the information that your Account Provider gives us. We aren’t responsible for any inaccurate or incomplete information.
9.7 Your Account Provider may restrict our access to your account information for reasons out of our control. If this happens, you may not be able to view your account information on our App.
9.8 If you see any suspicious activity on your account held with your Account Provider, you should contact them directly and not us. We’re not able to pass any notifications about suspicious activity to your Account Provider on your behalf.
10. SPENDING/ BUSINESS INSIGHTS
10.1 The “Spending”/”Business Insights” function allows you to see your transactions by category (for example, groceries) and will help to give you a better overall understanding of your spending and, for business customers, your income.
10.2 Spending/Business Insights will analyse your existing account information and show you how your spending
, and income for business customers, compares month on month. You can change the accounts you want Spending/Business Insights to analyse or the day of the month you want your analysis to start (for example, you might want it to start from the day you are paid each month) in the ‘Settings’ section of Spending/Business Insights. You will also be able to make some changes to how your transactions are categorised in ‘Settings’.
10.3 Spending/Business Insights will only allow you to view your RBS accounts and not any other accounts you have added through “Accounts with other banks.”
10.4 Any information provided through insights or alerts from Spending/Business Insights is provided for information only and is designed to help you manage your finances. It is not financial, professional, legal or tax advice.
11. RECEIPTS
11.1 The ”Receipts” function allows you to capture and upload images of your paper receipts, or email copies of your receipts to a designated email address, and access them digitally through the App.
11.2 You should keep the original copy of any receipt you upload in case it’s required for any return, warranty, tax return or any other purpose that may arise. We will not be liable for any loss of receipt data or loss of access to uploaded receipts.
11.3 Your receipts may include personal information such as your name, partial card numbers, description of the goods and services, location of the merchant and other information.  They may also include sensitive personal information, for example, relating to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, trade union membership, physical or mental health conditions, sexual orientation, or information relating to actual or alleged criminal offences. By uploading receipts to the App, you consent to us holding this information, so it’s important that you review your receipts carefully before uploading them.
11.4 You’re responsible for the accuracy of your own accounting records and tax returns, which may use information from the receipt management tool.
12. DEPOSIT A CHEQUE
12.1 The “Deposit a Cheque” function allows you to pay a cheque into your account by capturing and uploading images of it through the App.
12.2 Only cheques in pounds sterling can be paid into your account using this service. Certain types of cheques can’t be paid in using this service, including Eurocheques, Traveller Cheques, Giro Credits and Convenience Cheques. More information can be found in the Frequently Asked Questions section of our
Support Centre
.
12.3 When you pay a cheque into your account before 6pm, the money will be in your account before 11:59pm the next business day at the latest. If you pay a cheque into your account after 6pm or on a non-business day, this process will begin on the next business day.
12.4 You must keep a paper copy of your cheque until the funds are showing as “available” in your account.
12.5 There are some circumstances where your cheque may not be accepted. These will be explained to you when you’re using the service and full information can be found in the Frequently Asked Questions section of our
Support Centre
.
12.6 If your cheque is not accepted you can take it to a branch. Where information is missing from your cheque you may be asked to request a new cheque or alternate method of payment from the payer.
12.7 There are limits on the individual value and total daily value of cheques that you can deposit.  These will be shown to you in the App when you use the service and can also be found in the Frequently Asked Questions section of our
Support Centre
.  These limits may vary from time to time.
12.8 You will not be charged for paying a cheque into your personal account. If you are paying a cheque into your Business Banking account, you will be charged in accordance with our standard Business Account Charges Booklet, a copy of which is available on our
website
.
13. CARBON FOOTPRINT TRACKER
13.1 The ‘Carbon Footprint Tracker’ function allows you to see how your spending contributes to your carbon footprint to help you make meaningful choices about your spending and lifestyle.
13.2 For this we have partnered with our trusted third party carbon footprint specialists and climate experts, CoGo (Connecting Good Limited (FC035290)).
13.3 The Carbon Footprint Tracker will securely send information about your spending (amount and merchant) to CoGo to analyse and apply a carbon footprint calculation to each transaction, which will make up your monthly carbon footprint score.  CoGo does this by analysing your anonymised outgoing transactions and matches them to industries (fashion, grocery, etc.). Then each transaction is multiplied by an Emissions Factor per industry to calculate the carbon footprint of that purchase in kilograms (kgs)of carbon dioxide/carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2/CO2e).
13.4 The information used to generate your carbon footprint is anonymised and we will not share your personal data with Cogo.
13.5 The Emissions Factor only represents the average emissions per transaction which means that the carbon dioxide calculation is an estimate and may not represent the true carbon footprint for each transaction. For example, a trip to a supermarket will on average produce 1.01 KG of CO2e per £ spent (less if you're a vegetarian).
13.6 The function will help you to switch your lifestyle choices by providing tips and recommendations of ways to reduce your carbon footprint.
13.7 If you no longer wish to track your carbon footprint, you can opt out in the app by going to Spending > Settings > Manage My footprint > and slide the toggle left to opt-out.
13.8 Data and insights gained from the Carbon Tracker will be used to shape future improvements to the tracker and the service we offer.
13.9 The Carbon Footprint tracker will only allow you to view your RBS accounts and not any other accounts you have added through “Accounts with other Banks.”
13.10 The Carbon Footprint tracker is provided for your information only and is designed to help to understand and manage your carbon footprint.  We are not responsible for any inaccurate or incomplete information.
14. PAYIT – ASK FOR PAYMENT FOR BUSINESS ACCOUNTS
These terms only apply to customers operating a Business account with us (for example, a sole trader, a partnership or an incorporated company) who are requesting a payment to that Business account.
14.1 You are responsible for generating a Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code, including the amount of the request.
14.2 There are limits on number and the amount of payments for which you can generate a PayMe – Ask for Payment link request or QR code.  These will be shown to you in the App when you use the service and can also be found in the Frequently Asked Questions section of our
website
.  These limits may vary from time to time.
14.3 You must only send a Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code to a buyer where:
it is suitable and permitted under law to send a Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code to the buyer;
to the best of your knowledge, the buyer does not suffer from any disability or vulnerability which may interfere with the buyer’s ability to receive and/or use a Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code;
you have provided the buyer with a valid invoice, bill or other demand for payment for the goods and/or services to which the Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code relates; and
the buyer has agreed to receive the Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code.
14.4 You must not modify any Payit – Ask for Payment link requests or QR codes you receive from us.
14.5 Payments received into your Business account will be charged in accordance with our standard Business Account Charges Booklet, a copy of which is available on our
website
.
14.6 You must conduct regular checks to ensure that all relevant transactions and PayMe – Ask for Payment link requests or QR codes have been processed correctly.
14.7 You must promptly provide to us on request any information relating to a transaction or any Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code.
14.8 Transaction processing
We will not process a transaction or provide a Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code where:
we are taking compliance steps (see below);
we suspect fraud or criminal activity; or
in relation to a purchase transaction, the buyer’s account provider does not process the payment
Compliance steps may include the investigation of transactions and Payit – Ask for Payment link requests or QR codes and making further enquiries as to whether any person or entity involved is suspected by us as being subject to national or international sanctions. We shall not be liable for any loss, liability or cost incurred by you as a result of us taking any compliance steps.
15. TYL BY NATWEST PAYMENT REQUESTS – FOR BUSINESS ACCOUNTS
These terms only apply to Tyl by NatWest customers operating a Business account with us (for example, a sole trader, a partnership or an incorporated company) that are making a request for payment to their Tyl by NatWest account through Mobile Banking using a payment link or QR code (
Tyl by NatWest Payment Request
).
15.1 By linking your Tyl by NatWest account within Mobile Banking in order to use Tyl by NatWest Payment Requests:
you acknowledge that the terms and conditions for accepting pay by link payments as set out in the merchant terms and conditions you have separately agreed to in relation to our acquiring services for card payments (the
Tyl by NatWest Merchant Terms and Conditions
) will apply to Tyl by NatWest Payment Requests. A copy of these can be found in the
Tyl by NatWest portal
.
you acknowledge that the Tyl by NatWest Payment Request service will replace your PayMe – Ask for Payment service within the App until you unlink your Tyl by NatWest account.
If there is an inconsistency between your Tyl by Natwest Merchant Terms and Conditions and those in this agreement, then your Tyl by Natwest Merchant Terms and Conditions will apply.
15.2 Payments received will be credited to your merchant settlement account and will be charged in accordance with the Tyl by NatWest Merchant Terms and Conditions.
15.3 By unlinking your Tyl by Natwest account within Mobile Banking you acknowledge that you will no longer be able to generate new Tyl by NatWest Payment Requests from the App. Historical information on any Tyl by NatWest Payment Requests generated in the App will be available via the
Tyl by NatWest portal
. Unlinking your Tyl by NatWest account does not cancel your Tyl by NatWest service. To cancel your Tyl by NatWest service please contact Tyl by NatWest directly. Contact details can be found in the
Tyl by NatWest portal
.
16. FREEAGENT
General
16.1 FreeAgent is an online accounting software package, owned by Royal Bank of Scotland Plc.
16.2 These terms only apply to customers of FreeAgent operating a Business account with us (for example, a sole trader, a partnership or an incorporated company) who have connected to FreeAgent via Mobile Banking.
Managing connections
16.3 The FreeAgent function within Managing connections allows you to connect your App to your FreeAgent account. By connecting, you authorise Royal Bank of Scotland Plc and FreeAgent to share your data (for example, your tax payments or your invoices) for the purposes of supporting you to manage your finances. For further information about how Royal Bank of Scotland Plc manages your data please see our
privacy policy
.
16.4 You can choose to disconnect your App from FreeAgent within Managing Connections. This means your FreeAgent data will no longer be available in your App.
16.5 If any of your FreeAgent data is incorrect or not up to date in your App (for example, your invoice statuses or tax calculations), you should log into your FreeAgent account to verify the details are correct and access further help from FreeAgent.
Smart Tax Tool
16.6 Under “Know your tax”, the smart tax function allows you to view your upcoming taxes straight from your FreeAgent account to enable you to manage upcoming payments and actions (for example, filing accounts).
16.7 The tax calculation feature is an estimate based on the information you’ve provided to FreeAgent and should be checked. It doesn’t take into account any adjustments held on your HMRC account.
16.8 Any information provided through insights or alerts from Know your Tax is provided for information only and is designed to help you manage your finances. It is not financial, professional, legal, accounting or tax advice. You’re responsible for the accuracy of your own accounting records and tax returns.
Invoices
16.9 The “View recent payment requests” function within Request Money allows you to view invoices generated through FreeAgent within Mobile Banking.
16.10 We may restrict the number of invoices displayed within Mobile Banking or the timeframe invoices are displayed for.
16.11 The “Send an invoice” function allows you to log into your connected FreeAgent account to generate a new invoice.
17. CHARGES
We don't currently charge you for Mobile Banking. However, your mobile phone network operator may charge you when using Mobile Banking and these charges may vary if you use your mobile phone to access Mobile Banking when outside the UK.
18. OUR LIABILITY
We won't be liable to refund you for any losses caused by circumstances beyond our control (i.e. the situation was abnormal or unforeseeable), for example, due to extreme weather, terrorist activity or industrial action.
19. VARIATION/TERMINATION
19.1 You're free to cancel Mobile Banking at any time. If you'd like to do this, please call us on 0345 366 0013 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0013 (+44 2381 244 178 from outside the UK) or, contact us on our webchat service on our
website
.
19.2 If you haven't used the App for 6 months your Mobile Banking access will be deactivated and you'll have to re-register in order to use Mobile Banking again.
19.3 We may suspend, restrict or end your use of Mobile Banking or any part of it where:
we reasonably believe that your security details haven't been kept safe;
we reasonably suspect that your security details have been used fraudulently or without your permission;
as a result of a change in the way you use your account(s) or in your financial circumstances, we reasonably believe that you may have difficulty in meeting your commitments;
we believe it's appropriate in order to protect your account(s);
you've broken any of the Licence Terms set out below.
We'll tell you before we take any of these steps and we'll explain why we've done so, unless we're unable to contact you or there's a legal reason or other circumstance beyond our control that stops us from doing so. If we can't get hold of you beforehand, we'll (where possible) tell you and explain our reasons afterwards.
19.4 We can also end your use of Mobile Banking or remove the App by giving you at least 60 days' notice.
19.5 If we have a valid reason for doing so, we may change these Terms (which may include introducing charges for Mobile Banking). If we need to update the Terms to introduce a new feature into the App, which does not change the Terms relating to any existing features, we may do so immediately and will tell you as soon as we can afterwards. If we make any other change to the Terms, we’ll give you at least 60 days' notice before it takes effect.
We'll tell you about any changes by:
notifying you within the App;
sending a text message (to the mobile phone number you gave us);
sending an email (to the email address you gave us);
delivering a secure message to online banking; or
sending you notice by post.
We'll assume that you've accepted the changes unless you uninstall the App or tell us that you'd like to cancel Mobile Banking before the change takes effect.
20. LICENCE TERMS
20.1 When you download the App we automatically give you a non-transferable, non-exclusive right to use the App (the Licence) provided that you agree to the following:
you can only use the App on a registered device belonging to you or under your control. You'll need to register each additional or replacement device separately;
you can only use the App for Mobile Banking and for no other purpose;
the right to use the App is given only to you and you must not give any rights of use or any other rights in respect of the App to any other person or organisation;
you must not copy, reproduce, alter, modify or adapt the App or any part of it;
you must not analyse or reverse engineer the App or any part of it;
you must not remove or tamper with any copyright notice attached to or contained within the App and you agree that all ownership of the App, including all relevant intellectual property rights, remains with us;
if your right to use Mobile Banking is terminated all rights given to you in respect of the App will end immediately.
20.2 The Licence includes the right to use any future updates to the App that we make available to you.
20.3 We're solely responsible for the App and its content. If you have any questions or complaints or need any support in relation to the App please call us on 0345 366 0013 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0013 (+44 2381 244 178 from outside the UK).
20.4 If any third party claims that the App infringes their intellectual property rights, we'll be solely responsible for dealing with the claim.
20.5 We'll assume that you've accepted the terms of the Licence by installing the App on your device and the Licence will continue until you cancel Mobile Banking and/or delete the App or if we end your use of Mobile Banking under Term 17. If the Licence is terminated for any reason you must uninstall the App and destroy all copies of it.
We are authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. We are entered on the Financial Services Register and our registration number is 114724.
The Royal Bank of Scotland Plc. Registered in Scotland No. 83026. Registered Office: 36 St. Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB.
Back to top
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.rbs.co.uk/privacy-policy.html:
Jump to Accessibility
Jump to Content
Personal
Our privacy policy
Our privacy policy
Let's have a privacy conversation
On this page
Intro
Open in new window
How we get your info and what we use it for
Open in new window
Sharing your info
Open in new window
Your rights
Open in new window
How long do you keep my info?
Open in new window
Download our full privacy notice
Open in new window
Our privacy policy
The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (Royal Bank of Scotland) is responsible for protecting your personal info as carefully as we protect your money.
This summary explains how we collect and use your personal info to help you and our business. We suggest downloading this page.
How we get your info and what we use it for
Your info helps protect you and us from fraud. It also helps us check it’s really you. We may also ask you to consider using other identification methods like biometrics (your fingerprint or voice).
We collect your info in different ways, like:
Collecting basic info such as name, address and phone number from your application
When you bank with us online or using the Royal Bank of Scotland app
From third party companies (such as other NatWest Group companies, credit reference agencies or public sources)
We use your info in different ways, like:
Using your health info to help you access our services more easily, like sending statements in braille if you need it
Offering you the right products and services – your info also helps us improve how we serve you
Sharing info about criminal activity with other organisations to stop and detect crime, and to obey laws relating to money laundering, fraud, and terrorist financing
Helping make the bank run smoothly. Thank you.
For more details about the types of info we use and where we get it from, please see sections 2 and 3 in our
full privacy notice
.
Why do you share my info?
We share your info so we can:
Protect you
Check your identity
Make sure you have the right products for your needs
Prevent fraud and money laundering
Help us comply with laws, manage our risk and protect our business
Who do you share it with?
We share your info with:
Other companies in our group and our business partners who provide some of our services
Credit reference agencies
, so we can:
– Do a credit check – this can affect your credit score (we don’t do one if you’re just opening a savings account)
– Do an identity check – this could be done on you and anyone else who’s linked to the account, but it doesn’t affect your credit score
– Protect you and comply with laws – we must share info with other organisations in certain situations, about how you manage your account
Fraud prevention agencies
, so we can also record any identified or suspected fraud, which could mean we, or others, may refuse to provide you with services, financing, or employment.
Industry regulators
, government departments and similar organisations, like HM Revenue and Customs, who might in turn have to share it with other countries.
For more details about who we share your info with, please see Section 7 of our
full privacy notice
.
Your rights
We need your info to provide you with the right products and services for you, but you have clear rights over what we do with that info. They’re not all included here but you’re able to:
Get a copy of your personal info
Ask us to correct or update wrong info
Ask us to stop using your info in some cases
Ask for a review of a decision that has been made automatically, like if a loan has been refused
Stop marketing that uses your personal info
Make a complaint to us about how we’ve used your personal info and then to the Information Commissioners office (ICO) if you’re still not happy
For more info about all your rights please see section 4 of our
full privacy notice
or
please
call us: Phone Royal Bank of Scotland: 03457 24 24 24.
Overseas number
: +44 131 549 8888.
Relay UK
: 18001 03457 24 24 24
How long do you keep my info?
We don’t keep your info for longer than we need to, which is usually up to ten years after you close all your accounts.
Sometimes we need to keep it longer (for example due to an investigation by the police).
To find out more about how long we keep your info, please see Section 12 of our
full privacy notice
.
Download
Royal Bank of Scotland Privacy Policy (PDF, 200 KB)
Opens in a new window
Sub-policy 1
https://www.rbs.co.uk/mobile-app-content/mobile-app-content/aggregation-privacy.html:
60
:
00
to application time out
Accounts with other banks privacy notice
Contents
1. Who we are
2. The information we process
3. How we obtain information
4. Your rights
5. Changes to the way we use your information
6. How we use and share your information with other NatWest Group companies
7. Sharing with third parties
8. Transferring information overseas
9. Communications about your account
10. Credit reference and fraud prevention agencies
11. How long we keep your information
12. Security
Schedule A - Schedule of Purposes of Processing
A. Contractual necessity
B. Legal obligation
C. Legitimate interests of the bank
1. Who we are
1.1. This privacy notice (the “Privacy Notice”) applies to all personal information processing activities carried out by the The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (”Royal Bank of Scotland”).
1.2. Royal Bank of Scotland is a data controller in respect of personal information that we process in connection with our business (including the products and services that we provide). In this notice, references to “we”, “us” or “our” are references to Royal Bank of Scotland.
1.3. Our principal address is 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh, EH2 2YB and our contact details can be located at www.rbs.co.uk
1.4. We are a member of  NatWest Group PLC (“ NatWest Group”). More information about the NatWest Group can be found at
www.natwestgroup.com
by clicking on ‘About Us’.
1.5. We respect individuals’ rights to privacy and to the protection of personal information. The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to explain how we collect and use personal information in connection with our business. “Personal information” means information about a living individual who can be identified from that information (either by itself or when it is combined with other information).
2. The information we process
2.1  In order to provide you with the transaction and bank balance aggregation service (“the service”) as well as any linked products and services provided by the Bank, we will collect and process the following information
a) the transaction history of any of your NatWest Group accounts that you have chosen to be included within the service; and
b) the transaction history of non-NatWest Group bank accounts for which you have given us your permission to access.
2.2. Information of any third parties contained within your transaction history.
2.3. If the transaction history data from you NatWest Group and non-NatWest Group accounts contains special categories of information we will only process this information in order to provide the service or where we are otherwise required to do so by law (see Section 7 ). Special categories of data include:
a) information about racial or ethnic origin;
b) religious or philosophical beliefs;
c) trade union membership;
d) physical or psychological health details or medical conditions; and
e) biometric information, relating to the physical, physiological or behavioural characteristics of a person, including for example using voice recognition or similar technologies to help us prevent fraud and money laundering.
2.4. Where permitted by law, we may process information about criminal convictions or offences and alleged offences for specific and limited activities and purposes, such as to perform checks to prevent and detect crime and to comply with laws relating to money laundering, fraud, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption, and international sanctions. It may involve investigating and gathering intelligence on suspected financial crimes, fraud and threats and sharing data with law enforcement and regulatory bodies set out in Schedule A.
3. How we obtain information
3.1. In order to provide the service, we collect and hold information about you in the following ways:
a) information you provide to us to sign up to Mobile Banking;
b) information we already hold on your NatWest Group  accounts transactions; and
c) transaction information from other banks, that you have given us permission to receive.
4. Your rights
Accessing your information
4.1. If you would like a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please contact us:
·         Personal customers: 03457 24 24 24 (overseas number: +44 131 549 8888).
·         Minicom: 0800 404 6160.
·         Business customers in Scotland: 0345 6002230 (overseas +44 131 5498888)
·         Relay UK: 18001 0345 600 2230
·         Business customers in England and Wales: 0345 3070900 (overseas +44 131 2420017)
·         Relay UK: 18001 0345 3070900
For more information on how to get access to your information and the documents we need you to submit, please visit our website at:
https://www.rbs.co.uk/support-centre/general-banking-information/general/how-do-i-submit-a-subject-access-request-sar.html
Or write to: RBS, Subject Access Requests, Manchester Mailroom, 1 Hardman Boulevard, Manchester M3 3AQ.
Marketing information
4.2. If you have permitted us to do so, then we will send you relevant marketing
information (including details of other products or services provided by us or other NatWest Group companies which we believe may be of interest to you), by mail, phone, email, text and other forms of electronic communication. If you change your mind about how you would like us to contact you or you no longer wish to receive this information, you can tell us at any time by contacting us at on 03457 888 444, through online banking or in branch.
5. Changes to the way we use your information
From time to time we may change the way we use your information. Where we believe you may not reasonably expect such a change we will notify you and will allow a period of at least 30 days for you to raise any objections before the change is made. However, please note that in some cases, if you do not agree to such changes it may not be possible for us to continue to operate your account and/or provide certain products and services to you.
6. How we use and share your information with other NatWest Group companies
We will only use and share your information where it is necessary for us to lawfully carry out our business activities. Your information may be shared with and processed by other NatWest Group companies. We want to ensure that you fully understand how your information may be used. We have described the purposes for which your information may be used in detail in a table in Schedule A - Purposes of processing.
7. Sharing with third parties
7.1. We will not share your information with anyone outside NatWest Group except:
a) where we have your permission;
b) where required to provide you with the service;
c) where we are required by law and by law enforcement agencies, judicial bodies, government entities, tax authorities or regulatory bodies around the world;
d) in anonymised form as part of statistics or other aggregated data shared with third parties; or
e) where permitted by law, it is necessary for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, and it is not inconsistent with the purposes listed above.
7.2. NatWest Group will not share your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes without your permission.
8. Transferring information overseas
8.1. We may transfer your information to organisations in other countries (including to other NatWest Group companies) on the basis that anyone to whom we pass it protects it in the same way we would and in accordance with applicable laws.
8.2. In the event that we transfer information to countries outside of the European Economic Area (which includes countries in the European Union as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway), we will only do so where:
a) the European Commission has decided that the country or the organisation we are sharing your information with will protect your information adequately;
b) the transfer has been authorised by the relevant data protection authority; and/or
c) we have entered into a contract with the organisation with which we are sharing your information (on terms approved by the European Commission) to ensure you information is adequately protected.
9. Communications about your account
9.1. We will contact you with information relevant to the operation and maintenance of your account (including updated information about how we process your personal information), by a variety of means including via online banking, mobile banking, email, text message, post and/or telephone. If at any point in the future you change your contact details you should tell us promptly about those changes. We may monitor or record calls, emails, text messages or other communications in accordance with applicable laws for the purposes outlined in Schedule A - Purposes of Processing
10. Credit reference and fraud prevention agencies
10.1. We may access and use information provided by you as part of the service, from credit reference and fraud prevention agencies when you open your account and periodically to:
a) prevent criminal activity, fraud and money laundering.
10.2. If false or inaccurate information is provided and/or fraud is identified or suspected, details will be passed to fraud prevention agencies. Law enforcement agencies and other organisations may access and use this information.
10.3. If we, or a fraud prevention agency, determine that you pose a fraud or money laundering risk, we may refuse to provide the services and financing you have requested, or we may stop providing existing services to you.
10.4. A record of any fraud or money laundering risk will be retained by the fraud prevention agencies, and may result in others refusing to provide services, financing or employment to you. Fraud prevention agencies can hold your information for different periods of time, and if you are considered to pose a fraud or money laundering risk, your data can be held for up to six years.
10.5. If you would like a copy of your information held by the credit reference and fraud prevention agencies we use, or if you want further details of how your information will be used by credit reference agencies please visit their websites or contact them using the details below. The agencies may charge a fee.
Credit reference agency contact details
Transunion
Post: TransUnion Consumer Services Team, PO Box 647, Unit 4, Hull HU9 9QZ
Web Address:
https://www.transunion.co.uk/consumer/consumer-enquiries
Email: UKConsumer@transunion.com
Phone: 0330 024 7574, Relay UK: 18001 0330 024 7574
Equifax Limited:
Post: Equifax Ltd, Customer Service Centre PO Box 10036, Leicester, LE3 4FS.
Web Address:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/Contact-us/Contact_Us_Personal_Solutions.html
Email:
https://help.equifax.co.uk/EquifaxOnlineHelp/s/
Phone: 0333 321 4043 or 0800 014 2955
Experian Limited:
Post: Experian, PO BOX 9000, Nottingham, NG80 7WF
Web Address:
https://www.experian.co.uk/contact-us/
Email: consumer.helpservice@uk.experian.com
Phone: 0344 481 0800 or 0800 013 8888
Dun and Bradstreet
Post: Marlow International, Parkway, Marlow, Bucks. SL7 1AJ
Web Address:
https://www.dnb.co.uk/
Phone: 0845 145 1700
CIFAS
Post: Consumer Affairs, Cifas, 6th Floor, Lynton House, 7-12 Tavistock Square, London WC1H 9LT
Web Address:
https://www.cifas.org.uk/privacy-notice
Email: cifas.org.uk/fpn
Phone: 0330 100 0180
National Hunter Ltd
Post: National Hunter Ltd, PO Box 2756, Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire ST6 9AQ
Web Address:
https://nhunter.co.uk/contact-us/
Email: info@nhunter.co.uk
11. How long we keep your information
11.1. Retention periods for records are determined based on the type of record, the nature of the activity, product or service, the country in which the relevant NatWest Group company is located and the applicable local legal or regulatory requirements.
By providing you with the bank balance and transaction aggregated service we will hold transaction information on our live systems for a period of 90 days and in back up for a period of ten years after your relationship with the bank ends in order to defend or make legal claims. Retention periods may be changed from time to time based on business or legal and regulatory requirements.
11.2. We may on exception retain your information for longer periods, particularly where we need to withhold destruction or disposal based on an order from the courts or an investigation by law enforcement agencies or our regulators. This is intended to make sure that the bank will be able to produce records as evidence, if they're needed.
11.3. If you revoke your consent and ask us to remove your aggregated account(s), it could take up to a day to be removed from your app.
12. Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure with us and with the third parties who act on our behalf. For more information about the steps we are taking to protect your information please visit
https://www.rbs.co.uk/fraud-and-security.html
.
Schedule A - Schedule of Purposes of Processing
We will only use and share your information where it is necessary for us to carry out our lawful business activities. Your information may be shared with and processed by other NatWest Group companies. We want to ensure that you fully understand how your information may be used. We have described the purposes for which your information may be used in detail in a table below:
A. Contractual necessity
In order to provide bank balance and transaction aggregated services we process your information because it is necessary to enter into a contract with you for the provision of the service or to perform our obligations under that contract. Please note that if you do not agree to provide us with the requested information, it may not be possible for us to continue to operate your account and/or provide products and services to you.
B. Legal obligation
When you apply for a product or service (and throughout your relationship with us), we are required by law to collect and process certain personal information about you. Please note that if you do not agree to provide us with the requested information, it may not be possible for us to continue to operate your account and/or provide products and services to you. This may include processing to:
a) confirm your identity, including using biometric information and voice-recognition technology and other identification procedures, for example fingerprint verification;
b) perform checks and monitor transactions and location data for the purpose of preventing and detecting crime and to comply with laws relating to money laundering, fraud, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption, and international sanctions. This may require us to process information about criminal convictions and offences, to investigate and gather intelligence on suspected financial crimes, fraud and threats and to share data with law enforcement and regulatory bodies;
c) share data with other banks and third parties to help recover funds that have entered your account as a result of a misdirected payment by such a third party;
d) share data with police, law enforcement, tax authorities or other government and fraud prevention agencies where we have a legal obligation, including reporting suspicious activity and complying with production and court orders;
e) deliver mandatory communications to customers or communicating updates to product and service terms and conditions;
f) investigate and resolve complaints;
g) conduct investigations into breaches of conduct and corporate policies by our employees;
h) manage contentious regulatory matters, investigations and litigation;
i) perform assessments and analyse customer data for the purposes of managing, improving and fixing data quality;
j) provide assurance that the bank has effective processes to identify, manage, monitor and report the risks it is or might be exposed to;
k) investigate and report on incidents or emergencies on the bank’s properties and premises;
l) coordinate responses to business disrupting incidents and to ensure facilities, systems and people are available to continue providing services.
C. Legitimate interests of the bank
We may process your information where it is in our legitimate interests do so as an organisation and without prejudicing your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
a) We may process your information in the day to day running of our business, to manage our business and financial affairs and to protect our customers, employees and property. It is in our interests to ensure that our processes and systems operate effectively and that we can continue operating as a business. This may include processing your information to:
(i) monitor, maintain and improve internal business processes, information and data, technology and communications solutions and services;
(ii) ensure business continuity and disaster recovery and responding to information technology and business incidents and emergencies;
(iii) ensure network and information security, including monitoring authorised users’ access to our information technology for the purpose of preventing cyber-attacks, unauthorised use of our telecommunications systems and websites, prevention or detection of crime and protection of your personal data;
(iv) provide assurance on the bank's material risks and reporting to internal management and supervisory authorities on whether the bank is managing them effectively;
(v) perform general, financial and regulatory accounting and reporting;
(vi) protect our legal rights and interests;
(vii) manage and monitor our properties and branches (for example through CCTV) for the purpose of crime prevention and prosecution of offenders, for identifying accidents and incidents and emergency situations and for internal training; and
(viii) enable a sale, reorganisation, transfer or other transaction relating to our business.
b) It is in our interest as a business to ensure that we provide you with the most appropriate products and services and that we continually develop and improve as an organisation. This may require processing your information to enable us to:
(i) identify new business opportunities and to develop enquiries and leads into applications or proposals for new business and to develop our relationship with you;
(ii) send you relevant marketing information (including details of other products or services provided by us or other NatWest Group companies which we believe may be of interest to you);
(iii) understand our customers’ actions, behaviour, preferences, expectations, feedback and financial history in order to improve our products and services, develop new products and services, and to improve the relevance of offers of products and services by NatWest Group companies;
(iv) monitor the performance and effectiveness of products and services;
(v) assess the quality of our customer services and to provide staff training. Calls to our service centres and communications to our mobile and online helplines may be recorded and monitored for these purposes;
(vi) perform analysis on customer complaints for the purposes of preventing errors and process failures and rectifying negative impacts on customers;
(vii) compensate customers for loss, inconvenience or distress as a result of services, process or regulatory failures;
(viii) identify our customers’ use of third party products and services in order to facilitate the uses of customer information detailed above; and
(ix) combine your information with third party data, such as economic data in order to understand customers’ needs better and improve our services. We may perform data analysis, data matching and profiling to support decision making with regards to the activities mentioned above. It may also involve sharing information with third parties who provide a service to us.
c) It is in our interest as a business to manage our risk and to determine what products and services we can offer and the terms of those products and services. It is also in our interest to protect our business by preventing financial crime. This may include processing your information to:
(i) carry out financial, credit and insurance risk assessments;
(ii) manage and take decisions about your accounts;
(iii) carry out checks (in addition to statutory requirements) on customers and potential customers, business partners and associated persons, including performing adverse media checks, screening against external databases and sanctions lists and establishing connections to politically exposed persons;
(iv) share data with credit reference, fraud prevention agencies and law enforcement agencies;
(v) trace debtors and recovering outstanding debt;
(vi) for risk reporting and risk management. Application decisions may be taken based on solely automated checks of information from credit reference agencies and internal NatWest Group records. For more information on how we access and use information from credit reference and fraud prevention agencies see section 10 in this document.
We care about your privacy
We use cookies to ensure our website works properly. To help us improve our service, we collect data to understand how people use our site. By allowing all cookies, we can enhance your experience even further. This means helping you find information more quickly and tailoring content or marketing to your needs. 
Select “Allow All Cookies” to agree or “Manage Preferences” to manage cookie settings. You can find out more by viewing our
Cookie Policy
Allow All Cookies
Manage Preferences
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All Cookies
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Customer Experience
These cookies are used to generate reports based on data from visits to the website, without knowing who the visitor is. These cookies help us to gain insight of the pages that have been visited to help inform the optimisation of website layouts and to improve visitor journeys. Using cookies to track the most visited areas of our website and to identify when users encounter errors on the website, will help us ensure that our website is optimised to remove confusing or ineffective content. 
You can switch these cookies off at any time by visiting your Cookies Preference Centre.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label