PRIVACY POLICY
& COOKIE POLICY
This privacy policy explains how and for what purposes Guccio Gucci S.p.A. - an Italian company 
                    in the Kering Group, with its registered office in Via Tornabuoni 73/R, 50123 Florence, Italy 
                    (“
Gucci
”), as controller of personal data, collects and processes the following 
                    personal data of Users when using the Gucci App (“
App
”), pursuant to Article 13
                    of European Regulation EU 2016/679 (“
GDPR
”).
                    This privacy policy concerns only the App and, except where specifically indicated, does not apply
                    to the Gucci website
www.gucci.com
(“
Website
”) nor to third-party 
                    websites that can be reached through the content and links on the App. 
                    Therefore, Gucci encourages Users to consult the privacy policies of any such websites accessed via the App.
                    Gucci may make changes and additions to this privacy policy, which may also occur as a result of any
                    changes or additions in legislation. Where possible, Gucci will inform the User of any substantial 
                    changes to this privacy policy sufficiently in advance. The User may still view the updated privacy policy on the App.
                    For any information about this privacy policy, the User may contact Gucci at:
privacy@gucci.com
.
Generally speaking, access to the App and the use of the Content and Services (as defined in our 
                    App Terms of Use) do not require the User to create an account. Some Content and Services (such 
                    as the Gucci Arcade feature) may, however, be available to Registered Users only. In particular, 
                    via the App, the User will have the option to register an account or to log in using the same 
                    account credentials previously created on the Website, and to sign up for the Gucci newsletter. 
                    In this case, the User is advised to consult the terms of use, the privacy policy and the Website
                    cookie policy at the following link:
https://www.gucci.com/en/en/st/privacy-landing
If the User uses the App without registering, during App use Gucci may collect personal data about the
                    User, as well as the following information relating to the Device used to access the App:
Cookies
Cookies are small text strings that are transmitted to devices by apps or websites when the User 
                        browses through them. Cookies may also belong to individuals other than the owners of the apps and 
                        websites in question (referred to as “third-party cookies”). Cookies are divided into: (i) technical
                        or session cookies, which ensure normal navigation and use of the apps or websites (enabling, for
                        example, making a purchase or selection of a language); (ii) first party or third parties cookies 
                        analytics, similar to technical cookies where used directly by the app or website managers to collect 
                        aggregate information on the number of users and how they visit apps or the websites; and, lastly, 
                        (iii) first party and/or third parties profiling cookies, , designed to create/enrich user the user 
                        profiles and used to send and/or display advertisements and content in line with the preferences t
                        hat are shown by the user during the browsing activity. No consent is required for the use of technical 
                        cookies, while for profiling cookies user consent is required. 
                        To improve its service, Gucci only makes use of certain technical session cookies and analytics 
                        cookies within the App. In particular, the App uses the third-party platform Google Firebase 
                        (and in particular Firebase Analytics) to store the type of Device used by the User and their 
                        activities during each session. Their privacy policies can be found at the following links:
Google Firebase:
More specifically, cookies used by the App provide access to the following information:
Device model;
operating system version;
version of application downloaded from device;
language;
country;
UDID of device (device ID); and
anonymous information about App usage, such as date and time of access, duration of use, frequency of use, App sections visited, App version and information about any malfunctions.
The data collected is retained for 24 months from the date of collection. This data will be used to allow the correct use of the App by Users and to analyse, anonymously, the use of the App and User activities to allow Gucci to perform statistical analyses, check constantly that the App is working properly, to improve it and make it simpler to use. 
These cookies provide Gucci with statistical and aggregate information, such as the number of Users on the App and the most visited sections. The use of these cookies does not require User consent. 
There are no profiling cookies on the App.
The data collected through the cookies described above are processed by Gucci in order to provide the Content and Services related to the App. Without the collection of such cookies, the Content and Services requested by the User may not work properly.
It is possible to disable the described cookies through the settings on the Gucci App as follows:
iOS: Access the App Settings, enter the Gucci section, Disable “Analytics” switch
Android: Settings App, Gucci section. At the top right, select the gear icon and turn off the “Analytics” switch
Geo-location data:
Geo-location is only possible if the User authorises the App to access their position as detected through the device.
By enabling and consenting the App to use Geo-location data, the User will have the option to identify the closest Gucci stores, and collect badges related to the “places” recommended by Gucci and visited by the User, and to view/discover Gucci products in augmented reality in the local area. The App may also send information to the User when in the proximity to Gucci initiatives (in this case only if the User has enabled the Push Notifications feature described under c) below).
Geo-location information is processed for as long as it is necessary to use the Content and Services described above and is saved in the App’s cache memory, without being transferred outside the Device. They are not, therefore, stored or used by Gucci for other purposes. 
Provision of Geo-location data is optional. Therefore, the User may choose to disable the Geo-Location feature at any time through the Device settings. Disabling the Geo-location feature will result in the User being unable to take advantage of the services described in this letter b), but it will have no impact on the remaining features of the App.
Data for sending Push Notifications:
Upon the expressed consent of the User, Gucci processes User data and Device information to send Push Notifications to the User. Push Notifications are only possible if the User consents to receiving such notifications when first installing the App on the Device. Alternatively, the User can subsequently activate the Push Notifications feature via the device settings.
Enabling the Push Notifications feature will allow the User to receive updates from Gucci on new products, services and initiatives of Gucci and on new features available within the App. 
Providing data to receive Push Notifications both for technical updates and to receive commercial messages is optional. Therefore, the User may choose to disable Push Notifications at any time via the Device settings. Disabling the Push Notifications feature will result in the User being unable to receive updates from Gucci as described in this letter c), but it will have no impact on the remaining features of the App.
Face image for use of effects (“filters”):
For those Devices for which it will be made available, the App will allow the User, subject to the User’s expressed consent, to try on certain Gucci products (such as glasses) using the Device camera, or to enrich the User’s face with effects for the purpose of entertainment. To do this, the App accesses the image of the User’s face and, by using information provided by third party systems, such as TrueDepth in Apple’s iOS environment for the Device iPhone X or, for other Devices, by using third-party libraries, detects the position of the eyes, nose, mouth and ears and facial expressions in front of the Device camera. Neither the App nor Gucci will be able to uniquely identify the User based on the data and will not have access to and/or process biometric data. To learn more about the processing of data collected through these third-party systems, please refer to the privacy policies provided by such third parties.
The provision of the data described is optional. Therefore, the User will have the option of consent or deny his/her consent to access to the Device camera to use the effects or try on certain Gucci products. Without the User’s consent, the User may not use the relevant features of the App.
The Personal Data of the User are transmitted, as described above, to Zero12 s.r.l., located in Via dei Campi, 10, Cittadella (PD), as data processor, to provide IT services related to the management of App content or services. The updated list of recipients is available by writing to:
privacy@gucci.com
. 
                    Gucci will not disclose the personal data of the User to third parties for direct marketing purposes or sell such data to third parties.
Personal data processed for the purposes above will be kept in accordance with the principles of proportionality and necessity, and, in any case, until the purposes of the handling have been pursued. Unless a different retention period is specified in this privacy policy, personal data will be automatically deleted 24 months from the last use of the App by the User.
The personal data of the User will be processed in Countries belonging to the European Economic Area and will not be transferred abroad
The User has the right to receive, for free and upon request, information about personal data processed by Gucci through the App.
                    The User also has the right to rectify personal data, to delete it, to request restriction of and/or to object against processing and, where the conditions are met, to ask for portability of personal data (i.e., the right to obtain the personal data in a structured and machine readable format and to transmit such personal data to another controller).
                    If processing is based on consent, the User also has the right to withdraw consent at any time, as described in this policy, disabling the relative features through the App or by contacting Gucci at
privacy@gucci.com
. 
                    Where the requirements are met, the User also has the right to complain to the competent data protection authority (Garante per la protezione dei dati personali).
                    In the above cases the User may contact:
privacy@gucci.com
.