App Store
Preview
Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.
iPhone Screenshots
Description
Shakespeare: Hamlet:
This reader is equipped with various auto scroller speeds to make a more pleasurable reading experience.
This drama is one of the great tragedy themed plays by William Shakespeare. The themes of the plot cover indecision, revenge and retribution, deception, ambition, loyalty and fate. Prince Hamlet mourns both his father's death and his mother, Queen Gertrude's remarriage to Claudius. The ghost of Hamlet's father appears to him and tells him that Claudius has poisoned him. Hamlet swears revenge. He kills the eavesdropping Polonius, the court chamberlain. Polonius's son Laertes returns to Denmark to avenge his father's death. Polonius's daughter Ophelia loves the Prince but his behaviour drives her to madness. Ophelia dies by drowning. A duel takes place and ends with the death of Gertrude, Laertes, Claudius, and Hamlet.
more
What’s New
Version History
12 Apr 2016
Version 2.5
This app has been updated by Apple to display the Apple Watch app icon.
‣ performance enhancements and optimizations
Ratings and Reviews
3.7
out of 5
12 Ratings
12 Ratings
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
Qualex Consulting Services, Inc
, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to Apple.
No Details Provided
The developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update.
Information
Provider
Qualex Consulting Services, Inc has not identified itself as a trader for this app. If you are a consumer in the European Economic Area, consumer rights do not apply to agreements between you and the provider.
Size
5.4 MB
Category
Books
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 8.0 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 8.0 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English, Arabic, Catalan, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese
more
Age Rating
12+
Infrequent/Mild Profanity or Crude Humour
Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References
Infrequent/Mild Cartoon or Fantasy Violence
Infrequent/Mild Realistic Violence
Infrequent/Mild Sexual Content and Nudity
Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes
Copyright
© 2016 Qualex Consulting Services, Inc
Price
Free
In-App Purchases
Remove Ads
€0.99
Developer Website
App Support
Developer Website
App Support
More By This Developer
See All
Shakespeare: Macbeth
Books
Alice in Wonderland!
Books
Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
Books
Shakespeare: Romeo and Juliet
Books
King Lear!
Books
Fairy Tales!
Books
You Might Also Like
See All
Shakespeare Audio Library
Books
Shakespeare: All Plays
Books
Sherlock Holmes Complete
Books
Charles Dickens Audio Library
Books
The Classic Books
Books
Poems - Poetry in English
Books
Sub-section Policy: 