Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on Herd’s website and our apps for iPhone and any other devices and platforms.
History of changes
December 10, 2016:
First published.
Information we collect
When creating an account, you will be asked to enter an optional email address and a password.
We do not send promotional emails. Your email address, if supplied, is not used for anything at this time.
Logging in.
Resetting your password if you forget it.
Notifying you of important account-related matters, should they arise. (To date, no email has ever been sent for this reason.)
We store information about your animals, events, medications and holdings so we can sync this information between the website and any devices where you use the app. We also collect aggregate, anonymous statistics about app and site usage and crashes.
We use cookies on the site and similar tokens in the app to keep you logged in.
Like most websites and apps, we also store information through the use of software that may be transparent to users. For example, we may log your IP address and general information about your browser or device.
Premium subscription asking to share email, ZIP code, etc.
If you subscribe to Herd Premium in the app, an Apple system dialog may ask you to optionally share your email address, postal code, or other information with Herd.
We don’t want this data, and we encourage you to decline.
We may already have your email address for login purposes if you chose to share it with us, but we don’t care who you are or where you live.
But at the time of writing, Apple does not offer Herd a way to opt out of this data collection, and it will be available to us from anyone who opts in. If we ever access this data, we will never use it for marketing purposes or disclose it to any third parties.
Becoming a Premium user disables all restrictions.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We do not share your personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish Herd’s functionality, except as specified above for analytics
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email
info@herdapp.com
.
Changes to this policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the Privacy Policy modification date above.
© 2009-2017 Riseburn Ltd •
Terms of Use
•
Privacy Policy
•
Support