HoursTracker Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the HoursTracker app for iPhone and any other devices and platforms.
Information we collect
The data you enter into HoursTracker, such as your jobs or time entries, stays on your device and in any personal backups you create, such as a cloud backup of your phone.
    This information is not collected by us or transmitted to us or to any other party besides the company where your backups are stored (e.g. Apple iCloud, or Google), and
    we do not have access to any of it unless you decide to sign up for the HoursTracker Cloud service.
If you do sign up for HoursTracker Cloud, we will
    send the username and password you choose to sign up with to HoursTracker Cloud in order to identify you and your data. Data may then be uploaded from your device to
    HoursTracker Cloud systems in accordance with the
HoursTracker Cloud Privacy Policy.
Location Data
If you opt into HoursTracker's Location Awareness features, HoursTracker will use your location to enable features such as automatic clock in and clock out when you arrive and depart the location set
    up for each Job. Your location will be used even while you are not using HoursTracker, but HoursTracker does not save or share your live location. HoursTracker uses the live location to compare it 
    to the job's location and radius. If your live location is within the job's location area, HoursTracker may clock in that job automatically, depending on your chosen options. HoursTracker will record that the clock in occurred due to the live location being within the job's location area,
    but it does not record your actual live location. If you choose to upload data to our optional HoursTracker Cloud service, that data will include the locations you set for each job, but no live locations from your device.
Ads and analytics
HoursTracker
Free Edition
displays advertising from Google Admob. Google Admob uses your advertising identifier (iOS Advertising ID or Android Advertising ID) to serve personalized ads based on the users interests (which includes collecting and analyzing user data).
    For more details on what Google Admob collects and uses, refer to Google's
privacy policy
.
You can reset your advertising identifier on
iOS
and
Android
. Additionally, Google Admob allows you to
opt-out of personalized advertising
.
    Note that if you upgrade from
Free Edition
to
Personal Edition
or better, no ads will be displayed and data will no longer be shared with Google Admob.
HoursTracker also collects aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features or which system software version they are using, to help improve the app.
Information Usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish HoursTracker's functionality. We may share anonymous, aggregate statistics with outside parties, such as how many time entries are created per month in the app.
Your Consent
By using our app, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email
ios.support@cribasoft.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.hourstrackercloud.com/Legal/PrivacyPolicy:
Privacy Policy
Collection, Use, and Sharing of Your Information
We will collect and use personal information received through the Services to provide, operate, and maintain the Services.
We may use statistical data, trends and usage information derived from your personal information and your use of the Services for the purpose of providing, operating, maintaining and/or improving the Services as well as any BassHead Software, LLC products and services used to deliver the Services.
We occasionally contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf. We may occasionally provide personal information to these companies in order to facilitate their ability to do so. These companies are required to maintain the confidentiality of personal information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose than that for which they are engaged by BassHead Software, LLC. While we contract with responsible companies, we are not responsible for any failure on their part to perform properly or safeguard your information.
Except as described in this statement, we will not disclose personal information outside of BassHead Software, LLC or its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without consent.
If a customer specifically requests a feature or support services that are provided by a BassHead Software, LLC partner, we may share personal information with those partners to respond to the customer's request, and in this case, we are not responsible for the privacy and information handling practices of partners.
Except where otherwise specified in a Service, information that is collected by or sent to BassHead Software, LLC may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which BassHead Software, LLC or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities.
We may access or disclose your personal information, including the content of your communications, in order to comply with the law, or as you may otherwise authorize.
We may use cookies and other technologies to keep track of your interactions with the Services and to offer a personalized experience.
The privacy details for the specific Services features are listed below to describe any additional information collection and use.
Security of Your Information
BassHead Software, LLC is committed to protecting the security of your information. We maintain technical and organizational measures designed to provide and enable security for the Services. This includes a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities.
Some personal information may be particularly sensitive to you or your organization, and hence may require a level of security that we do not provide. You or your organization are responsible for determining whether our security meets your requirements.
If you have specific questions, please
Contact Support
.
How We Handle Marketing and Promotional Communication
On occasion, we may contact you to inform you of other products or services offered by BassHead Software, LLC and its affiliates. You can stop receiving e-mails regarding information and offers of other products and services by following the instructions in the e-mail you receive.
Support Services
When you or an authorized representative of you submits a support request, BassHead Software, LLC will consider you to have consented to BassHead Software, LLC handling and processing personal information in your account for the purposes of fulfilling this support request. This may involve transfer of such information within BassHead Software, LLC and across borders to respond to your support request with the optimal expertise and in a timely manner.
BassHead Software, LLC may also collect additional information, including hardware and software information related to the support incident.
BassHead Software, LLC may retain and use this information to assist in diagnosing further problems with your account, to understand your needs, or to improve our services or the support experience. Information may be combined with other information from the support of other BassHead Software, LLC products and services in order to better understand your experience and needs.
BassHead Software, LLC may send periodic e-mails informing you of technical service issues related to a product or service you requested. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe from these mailings, as they are considered an essential part of the Service. When you contact Support, we may call or email you for a survey regarding your experience with our current services, about potential new services that may be offered, or to alert you to critical security issues.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We will occasionally update this privacy policy based on customer feedback and to reflect changes in our products and services. If there are material changes to this statement or in how BassHead Software, LLC will use your personal information, we will notify you either by posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification.
We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how BassHead Software, LLC is protecting and using your information.
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, please
Contact Support
.
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps