Privacy Policy
Pixiv Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “we”, “us”, “our”, etc.) uses Personal Information (as defined in the following article) of customers, transaction counterparties, applicants for employment with us, our employees, etc. (“Customers etc.”, “you”, “your”, etc.) in the course of our business activities.
As a company that provides a variety of content and services, we believe it to be an important responsibility to comply with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI) and handle Personal Information appropriately. We have established this Privacy Policy as our policy for handling Personal Information of Customers etc., and handle information of Customers etc. in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, Personal Information and Personal Data are defined as follows.
What is Personal Information
Personal information is information about a living individual that falls under any of the following categories
Information that can identify a specific individual by name, address, date of birth, gender, occupation, telephone number, e-mail address, etc., contained therein.
Information that by itself does not identify a specific individual, but can be easily cross-referenced with other information to identify a specific individual.
Items containing personal identification code (Article 2(2) of the APPI).
What is Personal Data
Personal data means Personal Information that constitutes a “Personal Information database, etc.” (Article 16(1) of the APPI).
Scope of this Privacy Policy and User Data Obtained
We obtain the following information including Personal Information (“User Data”) from Customers etc.
(1) Information items relating to Users (“Users”) of various services provided by us (“Our Services”)
When you use Our Services, we obtain the information you register with us, as well as any identifying information etc. that you generate. This includes the following information:
Examples: name, address, postal code, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, age, gender, information associated with the account, country and region, language, device information, IP address and other information, information related to payment (including information related to purchases and sales), profile information, etc.
(2) Information items relating to contests etc. entrants
When you enter a contest or campaign (“Contest etc.”) conducted by us, we will obtain the information you provide to us.
Examples: name, address, postal code, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, school name, account information, transfer account information, etc.
(3) Information items relating to transaction counterparties
We obtain information relating to transaction counterparties, including the following items:
Examples: name, address, postal code, telephone number, e-mail address, company name, transfer account information, etc.)
(4) Information items relating to applicants for employment
In the course of our recruitment activities, we obtain information from applicants for employment, including the following items:
Examples: name, address, postal code, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, age, educational background, work history, qualifications held, and other information provided by the applicant to us or obtained by us at the time of recruitment, such as information on the applicant’s resume and CV, reference check details, etc.
(5) Information items relating to employees
We obtain information about our employees, including the following information.
Examples: name, address, postal code, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, age, educational background, work history, information on qualifications held, other information on resume and CV, contents of reference checks, information required to be obtained by laws and regulations, information etc. relating to evaluations
Purposes of Use
We use the information we obtain from Customers etc. for the following purposes
Purpose of use of User Data concerning Users of Our Services
(1) To ensure the stable operation of Our Services
To create User accounts
For User authentication
To facilitate transactions in Our Services by us or Users
To facilitate transactions between Users
To respond to inquiries
To investigate the use of Our Services, such as whether there is any prohibited activity, unauthorized access, or other illegal or unauthorized activity
For security protection and fraud prevention
To perform delivery procedures when such procedures occur
To contact Users to request consent for the handling of Personal Information
To generate anonymized or Pseudonymized Personal Information for the purpose of producing statistical information
To produce statistical information and make it available to Users
To apply for insurance contracts relating to goods entered into a warehouse when using a warehouse service
To facilitate other of Our Services
(2) To facilitate the smooth processing of payments when such payments occur in Our Services
To execute payments (including subsequent refund processing and cancellation)
To prevent fraudulent payments
To provide necessary information to companies that provide payment-related services (“Payment-Related Companies”) in order to investigate transactions suspected of being fraudulent
To respond to requests from Payment-Related Companies to investigate fraudulent transactions etc.
To respond to inquiries regarding payments
(3) To analyze and improve Our Services, to provide better services, and to confirm the usage of Our Services
To conduct surveys for Users
To send rewards to Users who respond to surveys
To create statistical information from survey results and usage history of Our Services, and to use such information as a reference for the development of Our Services
o provide personalized content and advertising based on usage history of Our Services
To conduct promotional activities according to User segments
To improve Our Services
(4) For our marketing activities and to display advertisements tailored to Users
To distribute advertisements and information about us and our transaction counterparties to Users
To send information on campaigns, events, etc. conducted by us
(5) Purpose of use of User Data concerning entrants to contests, etc. conducted on Our Services by us or our transaction counterparties
To ensure the smooth operation and implementation of contests, etc.
To send prize money and prizes to winners of contests, etc.
To provide User Data necessary for the selection of winners and prize winners to our transaction counterparties
To respond to inquiries regarding contests, etc.
Purpose of use of User Data concerning our transaction counterparties
To perform agreements with transaction counterparties
To manage payments and income relating to transaction counterparties
To carry out our sales activities
Purpose of use of User Data relating to our recruitment activities
To screen applicants for employment (including reference checks)
To provide information to, contact, and notify applicants for employment
To provide information on employment opportunities to persons seeking employment with us
To contact applicants for employment who are referred by our employees
To generate anonymized or Pseudonymized Personal Information for the purpose of producing statistical information
Purpose of use of User Data concerning our employees
(1) Purposes of use for User Data that falls under “Personal Information”
We use this information for labor management, benefits, etc., including personnel affairs, attendance, payroll, health or injury / illness conditions, or for various procedures related to employment and employment management (including disclosure within our group companies for business communication, education and training, etc.).
(2) Purpose of use of User Data that falls under “Specific Personal Information”
(i) “Specific Personal Information” in this item refers to Personal Information of our officers and employees (collectively, “Employees etc.”) and their dependents, etc. that relates to the personal numbers and Specific Personal Information of Employees etc. and their dependents.
(ii) We use such Specific Personal Information to perform the following operations.
Administrative work relating withholding tax
Administrative work relating to preparation of application forms for exemption for dependents, deduction for insurance premiums, and special exemption for spouse of employment income earner
Administrative work relating preparation of tax returns relating to retirement income
Administrative work relating individual inhabitant tax
Administrative work relating to employment insurance
Administrative work relating to health insurance and employees’ pension insurance
Notification of National Pension Plan No. 3 insured persons
Administrative work relating to preparation of payment records for remuneration, fees, etc.
(iii) We do not provide Specific Personal Information to any third party, except in cases permitted under the Act on the Use of Numbers to Identify a Specific Individual in Administrative Procedures.
Entrustment of Operations Involving Personal Information
We may entrust all or part of the operations handling Personal Data to third parties to the extent necessary to achieve the “Purposes of Use.” Such entrustment may include companies outside of Japan.
The companies
to which we currently entrust operations outside of Japan are listed .
We select service providers that are found to handle Personal Data appropriately and ensure that Personal Data is properly managed when contracting with such service providers.
Sharing of Personal Data
We share your Personal Data as follows. Please note that for the purpose of sharing, your Personal Data will be shared only with our group companies to the extent necessary, and not necessarily with all of our group companies.
In the event that laws, regulations, guidelines, etc. apply to the provision of Personal Data, we will comply with such laws and regulations etc. and take appropriate measures, and will not share Personal Data except as permitted by laws and regulations.
(1) Items of Personal Data to be shared
Items registered with us by Users or transaction counterparties
Identification information of Users and transaction counterparties
Any and all items registered by the Users on the Services
information about our employees
(2) Scope of joint Users
Pixiv Inc.
Incolore Corporation
Pixiv Marketing, Inc.
Pixiv Technologies, Inc.
Pixiv Qualia Inc.
(3) Purpose of use in case of sharing
Please refer to the
“Purposes of Use”
section of this Privacy Policy for the purposes for which Personal Data may be shared.
(4) Person responsible for sharing
4-23-5 Sendagaya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Pixiv Inc.
Yasuhiro Niwa
Provision of Personal Data to Third Parties
Cases of provision of Personal Data to third parties
In principle, we do not provide Personal Data to third parties (provision of Personal Data to a third party is hereinafter referred to as “Provision of Personal Data to Third Parties”); provided, however, that this excludes the cases set forth in the paragraphs of this Article and the cases set forth in the following items.
Cases where we provide Personal Information to third parties as specified in the items of Article 27(5) of the APPI
Cases where we have obtained the prior consent of the Customer etc., to provide the information to third parties
Cases where required by laws and regulations
Cases where it is necessary for the protection of the life, body, or property of an individual and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual
Cases where there is a specific need for improving public health or to promote the sound development of children and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual
Cases where it is necessary to cooperate with a national agency, a local government, or an individual or entity entrusted by either a national agency or local government to execute affairs prescribed by laws and regulations, and in which obtaining the consent of the individual is likely to impede the execution of such affairs
Cases where we receive an inquiry from a police officer, public prosecutor, public prosecutor’s assistant, national tax official, drug enforcement official, bar association, court, or other party with legal authority to make an inquiry, or when we determine that an emergency evacuation or self-defense is required.
Provision to payment companies etc. and transfer outside Japan
In order to detect or prevent payment execution and payment abuse, we may provide payment-related User Data to payment-related companies and companies that actually perform payments through payment-related companies (“Payment Companies”; payment-related companies and payment companies are collectively referred to as “Payment Companies etc.”). If a Payment Company etc. used by a Customer etc. is located outside of Japan, this information may be transferred to a third party outside of Japan. In such cases, please check
here
for information on the transfer destination.
Security Control Systems
When handling Personal Information, we take the following strict security measures in accordance with internal rules to prevent loss, falsification, and leakage of Personal Data.
Establishment of basic policy
In order to ensure the proper handling of User Data that falls under the category of Personal Information, we will establish and review as necessary matters such as compliance with related laws, regulations, guidelines etc., matters concerning security control measures, and the contact point for handling complaints, in this Privacy Policy.
Establishment of handling rules for security control of Personal Data
For each stage of obtainment, use, storage, provision, deletion, etc., we will establish rules regarding handling methods, responsible persons, persons in charge, and their duties, etc., and review them as necessary.
Organizational security control measures
In addition to appointing a person responsible for the handling of Personal Data, we will clarify the employees who handle Personal Data and the scope of Personal Data handled by such employees, and establish a system for reporting to the person responsible in the event that we become aware of facts or signs of any violation of laws or handling rules.
Personnel security control measures
We educate our employees on the matters to keep in mind regarding the handling of Personal Data.
Physical security control measures
We take the following measures for physical security control:
Management of Personal Data handling areas, etc.
Measures to be taken in the event of theft of equipment or electronic media, etc.
Prevention of leakage etc. when carrying electronic media, etc.
Establishment and implementation of rules for deletion of Personal Data and disposal of equipment, electronic media, etc.
Technical security control measures
We take the following measures for technical security control:
Setting User and management categories for Personal Data and access controls
Controlling access privileges to Personal Data
Ensuring the security of Personal Data
Monitoring the operation of information systems that handle Personal Data
Monitoring information systems that handle Personal Data
Handling of Pseudonymized Personal Information
Creation of Pseudonymized Personal Information
When we create Pseudonymized Personal Information (information about an individual obtained by processing Personal Information by taking measures specified in laws and regulations so that the individual cannot be identified unless the information is cross-referenced with other information), we will process the information appropriately in accordance with the standards set forth in laws and regulations.
Security control measures for Pseudonymized Personal Information etc.
We will take security control measures for Pseudonymized Personal Information in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations.
Handling of Pseudonymized Personal Information
We handle Pseudonymized Personal Information that is Personal Information in accordance with the following:
The information will be used within the scope set forth in the “Purposes of Use” section of this Privacy Policy.
If the information is to be used for purposes other than those described in the “Purposes of Use” section of this Privacy Policy, we will publicly announce the new purposes of use before using the information.
When there is no longer a need to use the Pseudonymized Personal Information, we will make efforts to delete it without delay.
Pseudonymized Personal Information will not be provided to third parties, except when required by laws and regulations or when provided to service providers to the extent necessary for the performance of our business; provided, however, that this excludes cases where the information is provided as a result of the succession of business due to a merger or other reasons.
Pseudonymized Personal Information will not be cross-referenced with other information for the purpose of identifying the individual to whom the original Personal Information pertains.
Handling of Anonymized Information
Creation of anonymized information
When we create anonymized information (information about individuals obtained by processing Personal Information so that specific individuals cannot be identified through measures prescribed by laws and regulations, and such Personal Information cannot be restored), we will take the following measures.
Appropriate processing in accordance with the standards set forth in laws and regulations.
Taking security control measures to prevent leakage, etc. of deleted information and information on processing methods in accordance with the standards set forth in laws and regulations./li>
Public announcement of the items of information contained in the anonymized information created
Not taking any action to identify an individual whose Personal Information was the source for the creation of the information
When anonymized information is obtained from a third party, information regarding the deleted information or the method of processing shall not be obtained or cross-referenced with other information for the purpose of identifying the individual to whom the original Personal Information pertains.
Items included in Anonymized Information
The items include the items of User Data that we hold with respect to Customers etc.
Provision of anonymized information to third parties
The purposes for which anonymized information created by us is provided to third parties, the items included in the anonymized information, and the method of provision are as follows.
Purpose
To create statistical information for our affiliated companies or research institutes, etc.
Items included in anonymized information to be provided to third parties
The items listed in “Items included in anonymized information” above are included.
Method of provision
Data files are encrypted and provided by secure means.
Procedures for Requests Regarding Personal Data and Records on Provision of Personal Data to Third Parties
If, with respect to Personal Data in our possession (meaning “Personal Data” as defined in Article 16(4) of the APPI that we currently possesses and is authorized to disclose; “Retained Personal Data”) or records of provision of such Personal Data to third parties (“Records on Provision of Personal Data to Third Parties”), we receive a request from a data subject (meaning a request for disclosure of Personal Data or Records on Provision of Personal Data to Third Parties, correction, deletion, suspension of use, or erasure of Personal Data, or suspension of provision to third parties; collectively, "Disclosure etc."); we will respond appropriately in accordance with laws and regulations; provided, however, that if we are unable to verify the identity of the customer etc., we will not comply with the request.
Requests for disclosure of Personal Data and Records on Provision of Personal Data to Third Parties
With respect to Personal Data, we will disclose all or part of the Personal Data only if it is included in the Retained Personal Data, and with respect to Records on Provision of Personal Data to Third Parties, only if Retained Personal Data has been provided to a third party, in accordance with laws and regulations; provided, however, that the following cases are excluded from disclosure:
Cases where the data does not fall under Retained Personal Data
Cases where we are only entrusted with the Personal Data and do not have the authority to disclose it
Cases where the disclosure falls under any of the following items as stipulated in Article 33 of the APPI
Cases where disclosure may harm the life, body, property, or other rights or interests of the person in question or a third party
Cases where there is a risk that Disclosure etc. will cause significant hindrance to the proper conduct of our business
Cases where Disclosure etc. would violate other laws and regulations
Cases in which the individual cannot be identified based on personal identification information, etc.
Other cases as required by laws and regulations
Correction, addition, or deletion of Personal Data and suspension of Provision of Personal Data to Third Parties
Customers etc. may request that we to correct, add, or delete your Personal Data (“Correction etc.”), or stop providing their Personal Data to third parties, in accordance with laws and regulations in the following cases:
If the content of Personal Data is different from the facts and the User requests Correction etc. of the Personal Data
If we are providing information to a third party without the customer’s consent or without satisfying the requirements of the law, and the customer wishes us to stop providing such information to the third party.
Ceasing to Use or Deleting Personal Data
When we receive a request from a Customer etc. to discontinue the use or erase (“Use Cease etc.”) of Personal Data, if we determine that is necessary to comply with such request in accordance with the APPI or other laws and regulations, we will carry out Use Cease etc. of such Personal Data after confirming the identity of the Customer etc.
Notice of Disclosure etc. to Customers etc.
Upon receiving a request for Disclosure etc., from a Customer etc., we will conduct the necessary investigation without delay after verifying the identity of the Customer etc., and notify the Customer etc. of the results of that investigation.
If we decide not to provide Disclosure etc. on reasonable grounds, such as in the following examples, we will notify the Customer etc. to that effect.
Cases where there is no record of such Retained Personal Data or provision to a third party
Cases where it is difficult to disclose the information by the method requested by the person in question
The provisions of the preceding two paragraphs shall not apply in cases where we are not obligated to provide Disclosure etc. of Personal Information under the APPI or other laws and regulations.
Contact for requests for Disclosure etc.
If you wish to make a request for Disclosure etc., please fill in the necessary items on our designated application form, enclose documents necessary for identification, and submit the request using one of the following request methods. Please note that the documents sent to us will not be returned. Further, we will not accept requests made in person at our office.
Necessary documents
Application form
(download URL)
Identification documents
Examples: driver’s license, certificate of residence
Request methods
To request by mail
Please mail by certified mail or other means that leaves a record of delivery. The mailing address is as follows:
Address:
Pixiv Inc.
c/o Personal Information Contact Desk
4-23-5 Sendagaya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
To request electronically
Please fill out the required information and send using the contact information set forth in the “Contact for Inquiries” section below, attaching the data of the necessary documents.
Contact for Inquiries
If you have any questions or requests regarding this Privacy Policy, please use the following form.
Contact for Inquiries
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy without prior notice to Customers etc. In the event of significant changes, we will notify Customers etc. or publicly announce such changes in a manner prescribed by us.
Language
In the event of any discrepancy between the Japanese version of this Privacy Policy and any other language version, the Japanese version shall prevail.v
Handling of Cookies etc.
当We may use cookies and similar technologies (“Cookies etc.”) to improve the convenience of Our Services, maintain and improve the quality of Our Services, analyze how Our Services are used, and for other purposes. Users shall agree to the following before using Our Services.
Use of Cookies etc. for authentication purposes
Our Services use Cookies etc. for automatic account authentication. By logging in using your Pixiv account, you can use the service without entering your account information when moving between pages or logging in a second time.
Use of Cookies etc. for service improvement and analysis purposes
On our website, we transmit IP addresses, access history, device and application information, network information, and other data to data collection and analysis service providers for the purpose of improving the convenience and quality of the website and maintaining its quality.
If you wish to opt-out, please carry out the procedures after confirming the opt-out page of
the relevant company
and the “Disabling cookies etc.” section of this Privacy Policy.
Use of Cookies etc. for advertising purposes
In order to optimize our delivery of advertisements by, we analyze User activity history on Our Services using cookies, ad identifiers, hashed User information, access history, device and application information, information about the network, and the like. The results of such analysis may be used for our targeted advertisements, which are delivered based on Users’ interests.
Further, Our Services may deliver targeted advertisements using cookies, ad identifiers, etc., from the servers of ad-serving providers contracted by us. In such cases, the ad-serving provider will manage such Cookies etc. in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Please check each company’s privacy policy
<here>
If you wish to opt-out, please carry out the procedures after confirming the opt-out page of the relevant ad-serving provider and the “Disabling cookies etc.” section of this Privacy Policy.
Use of Cookies etc. for the purpose of conducting surveys
When we conduct a survey, we send Cookies etc., which do not contain Personal Information, to the company that provides the survey service. If you wish to opt-out, please carry out the procedures after confirming the opt-out page of
the relevant company
and the “Disabling cookies etc.” section of this Privacy Policy.
About Google Analytics
On part of our website and applications (“Applications”), in order to monitor the status of visits to our website and use of Applications by Customers etc., we use “Google Analytics,” a service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”).
When you use our website, Google collects, records, and analyzes your visits to our website based on cookies issued by us. We will receive the results of this analysis from Google to understand the status of visits to our website by Customers etc.
The information collected, recorded, and analyzed by Google Analytics does not contain any information that identifies Customers etc. as specific individuals, and therefore does not constitute “Personal Information” under the APPI. Such information will be managed by Google in accordance with its privacy policy.
o configure your settings for Google Analytics on our website, please see below.
If you wish to stop the collection of information about yourself
Please disable Google Analytics in your browser’s add-on settings.
If you wish to disable Google Analytics
Please download and install the “Google Analytics Opt-Out Add-on” from the Google Opt-Out Add-on Download Page and change the add-on settings in your browser.
Opt-out add-on:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
If you disable Google Analytics, it will also be disabled on other websites, but you can re-enable Google Analytics in your browser’s add-on settings.
For Google Analytics Terms of Use and Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to the following websites:
Google Analytics Terms of Use:/p>
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/us/
Google Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Google Analytics cannot be disabled for the Application. When using the Application, please be aware that usage status will be obtained by Google Analytics.
About reCAPTCHA Enterprise
We have adopted Google’s reCAPTCHA Enterprise service to protect our website from spam submitted to forms on the Internet.
Google collects other data, including IP addresses, from your browser with reCAPTCHA Enterprise in accordance with Google’s
About the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
. The data collected is used to determine whether you are a human or a robot.
If you reside in the European Economic Area, which consists of the member states of the European Union, Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “EEA”), your IP address will be anonymized in advance. If you reside in the United States, your IP address will be anonymized in advance. If you reside in the United States of America, your IP address will be anonymized after it has been sent to Google.
In addition, while Google uses the data collected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise to evaluate our website based on User usage, we do not associate such data with any other data held by Google.
Disabling cookies etc.
We may use Cookies etc. in Our Services to collect certain information. Depending on the browser you use, you may be able to change its settings to disable Cookies etc., but you may become unable to use all or part of Our Services.
For information on how to configure cookies, please refer to the following URL:
Disabling targeted advertising on Pixiv
https://www.pixiv.net/optout/
Advertising Disablement by DDAI (Data Driven Advertising Initiative)
https://www.ddai.info/optout
Ad Disable by YourAdChoices
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
Disabling web beacons
When web beacons are included in Our Services
Please try the method described in the “Disabling cookies etc.” section of this Article.
Web beacons are included in DMs and other e-mails
Try disabling the downloading of images contained in e-mails you receive. However, since this depends on the capabilities of the e-mail software you are using, if you are unable to disable it, please unsubscribe from any newsletters to which you are subscribed or set your preferences to block the receipt of such newsletters.
Disabling Cookies etc. (disabling targeted advertising) in iOS applications
For instructions on how to disable personalized ads delivered by Apple, please check the following link:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/105131
How to manage ad IDs in Android applications
Google Play has introduced Ad IDs for applications to allow Google Users to control their advertising settings. See below for information on how to manage Ad IDs.
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/3405269?hl=en
For California Residents
This Article (For California Residents) applies to Users and transaction counterparties who are residents of the State of California (hereinafter in this Article, “you”, “your”, etc.).
We handle your Personal Information appropriately in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (2018) of 2020 (CCPA), and the following details the types and categories of such Personal Information that we have collected or disclosed in the past 12 months.
For the purpose of this Article, “Personal Information” means information that identifies a specific individual or household and can be reasonably associated or linked to them.
(1) Our collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information
a. Types of Personal Information we have collected in the past 12 months
Identifiers
Examples: contact information such as name and address, online identifier (IP address), e-mail address, account name, other similar identifiers, cookies, beacons?, mobile advertising identifiers or similar technologies?, customer numbers, unique pseudonyms or User IDs, telephone numbers, or persistent or probabilistic identifiers that can be used to recognize a specific consumer or device?, UserAgent.
Personal information as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act
Examples: contact information such as name and address, partial credit or debit card payment numbers, PayPal account, education, school name, employment, employment history, bank information such as account numbers, etc.
Protected classifications under California or federal law
Examples: gender, age, date of birth,
Commercial information
Examples: transaction information, purchase history, financial details, payment information, etc.; records of personal property; records of products or services purchased, acquired, or considered; and records of other purchases or consumption history or trends.
Biometric Information
Examples: face, hands, voice recording, video.
Information on Internet or other electronic network activities
Examples: browsing history, online behavior, interactions with our and other websites, and other Internet or network activity history.
Geolocation data
Examples: IP location information, etc.
Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, including images and sound recordings, telephone calls, and video recordings made in connection with our business activities and transaction counterparties.
Occupational or employment information, such as employment history, past employers, etc.
Not obtained.
Academic records and other educational information subject to the U.S. Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
Not obtained.
Information inferred from the above Personal Information, for example, to create a profile or summary of an individual’s preferences or personality
Action history (page transition history), browsing history, purchase history
b.Purpose of use of collected information
Please refer to the
“Purposes of Use”
section of this Privacy Policy for the purposes for which we use the information we collect from you.
c. Sources of collected information
The sources of the information we collect are as follows:
Information entered by you at the time of account creation, etc.
IP addresses, etc. obtained by us when you visit our website.
d. Sharing of collected information
Please refer to the
“Sharing of Personal Data”
section of this Privacy Policy regarding with whom we share collected information.
e. Types of Personal Information disclosed in the past 12 months and to whom
We have disclosed the Personal Information of A, B, and D in “a. Types of Personal Information we have collected in the past 12 months” to third parties in “d. Sharing of collected information” for the purpose of conducting our business.
f. Past/future sales, opt-out from sales
We have not sold any Personal Information (including Personal Information of minors) for a period of 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy.
For purposes of this Article, “sold” or “sales” means “disclosing Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration”; provided, however, that “sold” or “sales” does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Information as part of the assets of a merger, bankruptcy, or transfer of all or part of our business.
(2) Customer rights and requests to us
a. Right to request disclosure of information and deletion of information
If you are a consumer or resident of the State of California, you may make requests to us for:
(i) Disclosure of information
You may request that we disclose the following information to you, provided that the information is from within 12 months of the date of the request
The types of Personal Information we collect about you
The types of sources from which we collect your Personal Information
The business or commercial purposes for which we collect your Personal Information
The types of your Personal Information, and the types of third parties to which we share or disclose your Personal Information, in the event that we share or disclose your Personal Information to third parties
(ii) Deletion of information
You may request that we delete your Personal Information that we have collected or obtained from you.
We will respond to your request as described in the preceding paragraph in accordance with applicable laws and regulations; provided, however, that we may deny your request in cases where the relevant laws and regulations do not apply or where an exception applies.
b. Procedures for disclosure and deletion of customer information
Please refer to the
“Procedures for Requests Regarding Personal Data and Records of Provision of Personal Data to Third Parties”
section of this Privacy Policy for the procedures for requesting disclosure and deletion of customer information.
c. Right not to be discriminated against
We will not unfairly discriminate against you because you exercise any rights under the CCPA.
d. Other privacy rights in California (“Do Not Track”)
At this time, our website and applications cannot accommodate “Do Not Track” requests. Please note that we may use tracking technology to collect Personal Information, including your activity history, when you use Our Services. Please refer to the
Handling of Cookies etc.”
section of this Privacy Policy for more information.
e. Contact information for questions or concerns
If you have any questions regarding this Article, please use the contact information in the
“Contact for Inquiries”
section of this Privacy Policy.
For EU Residents
This Article (For EU Residents) applies to Users and transaction counterparties who reside within the EEA (European Economic Area consisting of the EU Member States, Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein) (hereinafter in this Article, “you”, “your”, etc.).
We will handle your Personal Data (as defined in (1), b. of this Article) appropriately in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as set forth below.
In this Article, “Personal Data” means “information about an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject).”
(1) Obtainment and retention of Personal Data
Method of obtainment
We obtain Personal Data in the following ways
Directly from you (e.g., when you enter your information when creating an account)
Indirectly from you (e.g., by obtaining the IP address when you visit our website)
Types of Personal Data acquired or retained
In this Article, the types of User Data that acquired or retained refers to items (1) through (4) of the
“Scope of this Privacy Policy and User Data Obtained”
section of this Privacy Policy.
(2) Purposes of use of Personal Data
Please refer to the
“Purposes of Use”
section of this Privacy Policy for the purposes for which we use the Personal Data we obtain from you.
(3) Legal basis
We process Personal Data on the following legal basis
Your agreement to this Privacy Policy
Necessity for us to fulfill various agreements with you
Necessity for us to carry out various procedures requested by you
You have the right to choose whether or not to provide us with your Personal Data, but if you do not provide us with your Personal Data, you may not receive Our Services.
(4) Retention period of Personal Data
We store Personal Data only for the period of time necessary to achieve the purposes of use stated in “(2) Purposes of Use of Personal Data” in this Article or for the period of time stipulated by laws and regulations, etc. We promptly erase such Personal Data after the retention period has elapsed.
(5) Personal data to be shared
Please refer to the
“Sharing of Personal Data”
section of this Privacy Policy for information on the sharing of Personal Data.
(6) Provision of Personal Data to third parties
We may provide Personal Data obtained from you to third parties within the scope of the
“Provision of Personal Data to Third Parties”
section of this Privacy Policy.
(7) Overseas transfer of Personal Data
We may transfer Personal Data to third countries (countries that have been certified as sufficient by the European Commission or companies that adhere to equivalent standards) in compliance with various laws and regulations for the following purposes (for details, see the
“Provision of Personal Data to Third Parties”
and
“Handling of Cookies etc.”
sections in this Privacy Policy).
To provide Our Services
To comply with procedures requested by customers
(8) Your rights to your Personal Data
You have the right to withdraw your consent to the use of your Personal Data and the right to access, correct, erase, restrict processing, exercise data portability and object to the processing of your Personal Data.
You may also object to the processing of your Personal Data to us or to the data protection authority having jurisdiction over your location.
(9) Accuracy and security of Personal Data
In order to achieve “(2) Purposes of use of Personal Data”, we will maintain the Personal Data in our possession accurate and up-to-date by taking security measures in accordance with the
“Security Control Systems”
section of this Privacy Policy.
(10) Automatic handling of Personal Data
Personal data we collect may be subject to automatic handling, such as profiling, in analytical and recommendation functions for Users.
(11) Handling of cookies etc.
For more information on Cookies etc., please refer to the
“Handling of Cookies etc.”
and
“Disabling cookies etc.”
sections in this Privacy Policy.
(12) Revision of this Article
We may revise this Article without notice to customers. Please refer to the
“Changes to this Privacy Policy”
section of this Privacy Policy regarding any revisions to this Article.
(13) Contact for inquiries
For any questions regarding this Article (For EU Residents), please use the contact information in the
“Contact for Inquiries”
section of this Privacy Policy.
Revision History
Revision date
Content of revision
March 5, 2025
Address updated due to building name change.
May 28, 2024
Maintenance and overall organization of the display in order to make it compliant with Japanese law and overseas laws and regulations (CCPA, GDPR)
May 31st, 2024
Development of descriptions for GDPR and other foreign laws and the overall organization that goes along with it.
August 31st, 2023
“Article 3. Information Company acquires and purposes of use (according to each Service)” and “Article 5. Provision of Personal Information to third parties, etc.” were updated.
June 13th, 2023
Revised “Article 14. Use of cookies, advertising identifiers, ID solutions, etc.” in accordance with the updated Telecommunications Business Act (Japanese law), regarding external disclosure of information.
July 28th, 2022
Revised “procedures and methods” for “Article 3. Information the Company acquires and purposes of use”, “Article 5. Provision of Personal Information to third parties, etc.”, “Article 6. Information input by Users for the purposes of credit card payments on the Services”, and “Article 7. Disclosure, Correction, etc.”.
July 7th, 2022
Revised “Article 14. Use of cookies, advertising identifiers, ID solutions, etc.”.
May 31st, 2021
To optimize payment options and advertising distribution, revised and added elements to the following: “Article 3. Information the Company acquires and purposes of use”, “Article 5. Provision of Personal Information to third parties, etc.”, “Article 6. Information input by Users for the purposes of credit card payments on the Services”, “13. Use of cookies, advertising identifiers, ID solutions, etc.”, and “Article 17. Personal Information Handling Business Operator”.
December 1st, 2020
In accordance with the retiring of the pixivPAY service, removed “2. Pay” from “2. Individual services” under “Article 3. Information the Company acquires and purposes of use (according to each Service)”.
March 30th, 2020
Revised all Individual Terms of Use to be in accordance with the revisions to the pixiv Inc. Service Master Terms of Use.
April 18th, 2019
Updated usage status verification and service improvement inquiries related to the use of reCAPTCHA by adding reCAPTCHA to “Article 13. Use of cookies, advertising identifiers, ID solutions, etc.”.
September 12th, 2018
Updated company information in accordance with the addition of company advertising: addition of company name and link to company advertisements falling under “Article 13. Use of cookies, advertising identifiers, ID solutions, etc.”.
May 16th, 2018
In accordance with the enactment of the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), revised “Article 13. Use of cookies, advertising identifiers, ID solutions, etc.” to give a clearer explanation of the purpose of data use (login, usage status, advertising, etc.) and more clearly explain data use methods, invalidation procedures, etc.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps