Mirai LLP
Home
About
Apps
News
Privacy
Terms of Use
Contact
You are here:
Mirai LLP
»
Privacy
Privacy
We respect the privacy of our customers and visitors. After reading our privacy policy, should you have any questions regarding your privacy with respect to our apps or websites, please
contact us
.
Mirai LLP Apps
Our iOS apps do not collect any payment related data. All transactions go via the iTunes App Store. Subscription information is detailed in the app.
Our apps only collect aggregate, non-personally identifying data from users which helps us administer our apps, diagnose problems, and analyze general user trends. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish operation of our apps, and in the future we may also share non-identifying and aggregate statistics with potential future advertisers and partners. We do not disclose anything that could be used to identify the individuals on whom the information is based.
Mirai LLP Websites
Our websites only collect aggregate, non-personally identifying data from visitors which helps us administer our sites, diagnose problems with our servers, and analyze general visitor trends. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish operation of our websites, and in the future we may also share non-identifying and aggregate statistics with potential future advertisers and partners. We do not disclose anything that could be used to identify the individuals on whom the information is based.
Please note that if you click on a link on any of our websites that direct you to a third party website, we are not responsible for the content of that website nor can we be held accountable for any problems or issues that may arise as a result of visiting that website.
If you send us an email via the contact form on this website, or via email from any of our apps or otherwise, you agree to receiving emails from us, and possibly also occasional marketing-related emails regarding our products. You can opt out from receiving any further marketing-related correspondence from us at any time via a link in those emails.
In exceptional legal circumstances such as when receiving a court order or government agency request, we may disclose your information. We may also do so when we believe it necessary or desirable in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our policies, or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell, buy, merge, or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of Mirai websites following the posting of changes to this privacy policy will mean that you accept those changes.
Creating inspiring apps in an increasingly mobile world…
Mirai LLP has been publishing iPhone apps on the iTunes App Store since September 2008. Many of our apps have reached the #1 rank in their category in the App Store. We understand the dynamics of the fast-moving application marketplace and what it takes to make a successful app.
Contact us
if you have any feedback or comments regarding our apps.
While based in Tokyo, we work with designers and developers globally on our projects.
Search this Site
Copyright ©
2008-2015, Mirai LLP
top