Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 25, 2025
Introduction
About Us
Personal Data We Collect
Cookies And Automated Technologies
How We Collect Your Personal Information
How We Use Your Personal Data
How We Share Your Personal Information
Cross-border Transfers
Data Security
Retention Of Your Information
Your Legal Rights
Complaints
Contact
Introduction
About Us
Personal Data We Collect
Cookie preferences
How We Collect Your Personal Information
How We Use Your Personal Data
How We Share Your Personal Information
Cross-border Transfers
Data Security
Retention Of Your Information
Your Legal Rights
Complaints
Contact
Introduction
Genius Sports Group is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy explains how Genius Sports Limited and the companies in its corporate group (“
Genius Sports
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) use your personal data (or personally identifiable information) when you visit our website (www.genius sports.com) and any of its sub-domains (investors.geniussports.com and news.geniussports.com). It also advises you of your rights as a data subject and how those rights may be exercised. We will ensure that any information that we collect or that you submit to us through the website will be used only for the purposes set out in this policy.
Our website is not intended for children, and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
We keep our privacy practices under review and may amend this policy from time to time. This version is dated
January 2025.
About Us
ABOUT US
Genius Sports provides data, technology and media services for the sports, betting and entertainment industries. This privacy policy is issued on behalf of the Genius Sports group of companies. When we mention “
Genius Sports
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
” in this policy, we are referring to the company in the Genius Sports Group that is relevant for processing your personal data.
Genius Sports Group Limited is the data controller responsible for this website and for processing personal data collected via the website. It is a company registered with Companies House in England and Wales under company number 09706742 and with the Information Commissioner’s Office under registration number ZA198905.
We have appointed a data protection officer (“
DPO
”) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, then please contact the DPO using the contact details given at the end of this policy.
Personal Data We Collect
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
Broadly speaking, your personal data is any information about you from which you may be directly or indirectly identified. The personal data we collect about you via our website will depend on the nature of your interaction(s) with us. However, we will only collect personal data that is reasonably necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it’s being collected (for example, to respond to your enquiry or to allow you to apply for a job with us).
If you are …
We might collect …
A subscriber to our marketing list
·       Contact details, including full name, company name, email address and telephone number.
·       Information that enables us to provide you with relevant content. This might include your job title, business region and marketing preferences.
An enquirer via our “contact us” form
·       Contact details, including full name, company name, email address, telephone number and location.
·       Details of enquiry.
A job applicant
·       Contact details, including full name, gender, email address and telephone number.
·       Professional background information, including CV/resume, cover letter and employment history.
·       Details related to the role on offer, including salary expectations availability to start/notice period, distance from work location, authority to work and visa/sponsorship requirements.
There are certain types of personal data (referred to as “
special category
data
”) that are afforded a higher level of protection under applicable data protection law because they are more sensitive. Special category data include personal data relating to a person’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetics, biometrics, health, sex life or sexual orientation. We do not request any special category data via our website.
Cookies And Automated Technologies
COOKIES AND AUTOMATED TECHNOLOGIES
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users.
You may set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect your personal data in the following ways:
Directly from you
We may collect personal data from you via our website where you choose to provide it to us in the following scenarios:
where you make a general request or enquiry using the “contact us” form on our website
where you use the “request a demo” feature on our website to request a demonstration of one of our products or services
where you subscribe to our marketing list
where you subscribe for tailored email alerts on the Investor Relations section of our website
where you request a copy of our e-book for digital publishers
where you apply for a role via our website
Automated technologies
As you interact with our website, we automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and similar technologies. We may also receive technical data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for further details.]
As mentioned above, if you subscribe to our marketing list, we use a third-party provider, Salesforce, to gather statistics on link clicking.
Third parties
We use the following third parties to collect personal data as a result of interactions via our website:
Salesforce
. We use third party provider, Salesforce, to deliver our marketing updates. Salesforce gathers statistics on engagement with our marketing communications (email opening and link clicks) but does not use any technology that stores or accesses data on the device of the recipient of the marketing communication. Salesforce’s privacy policy is available here:
Privacy Policy – Salesforce.com
.
Greenhouse
. We use third party provider, Greenhouse, to deliver our recruitment platform and store the personal data we collect relating to prospective candidates. Greenhouse’s privacy policy is available here:
Greenhouse privacy policy | Greenhouse
.
Publicly available sources
After you have submitted personal data to us via our website, we may sometimes use publicly available sources in order to obtain further information about you. For example, if you subscribe to receive marketing from us, then we may review your profile on LinkedIn in order to understand your business area better so that we can ensure we send you content that is relevant to you. If you apply for a job with us, then we may use LinkedIn to obtain further detail on your professional background and experience.
How We Use Your Personal Data
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data where this is permitted by law. We have set out below an explanation of the way in which we use your personal data and which of the lawful bases we rely on to do so.
Purposes for using personal data
Personal data processed
Lawful basis for processing
To provide you with marketing, including Genius Sports updates, news and product information
Contact details and marketing preferences
Consent (you may withdraw your consent at any time by using the unsubscribe link provided on the page of our website where you subscribed, by following the instructions for unsubscribing in our marketing emails or by contacting us using the details in the “Contact and DPO” section below)
To send you a copy of our e-book on digital publishing upon request
Contact details
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to provide you with the requested product so that we may develop and grow our business)
To respond to an enquiry made by you
Contact details and details of enquiry
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to answer your enquiry so that we may develop and grow our business)
To monitor link tracking in our marketing communications in order to help us provide more engaging and relevant content
Statistics on link clicks including email open rate and clicks in our email communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to enable us to monitor and improve the quality and relevance of our marketing communications)
To apply for a job with us
Contact details, gender, LinkedIn profile, professional/educational background information and details related to the role on offer (including salary expectations, motivation for the role, authorisation to work, distance from work and availability to work).
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to enable us to hire the people we need to develop and grow our business) – for further detail on how we process applicant personal data, please see our separate
Recruitment Policy
If you apply for a job with us, you may voluntarily submit personal data for the purposes of our monitoring of our equality and diversity composition
Gender, race, ethnic origin
Consent (you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details in the “Contact and DPO” section below)
We will only use your personal data for the purpose for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will contact you and explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
How We Share Your Personal Information
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell your personal data to other parties. However, we may share your personal data with the following third parties either because they process personal data on our behalf or because we are required to do so by law:
Companies within the Genius Sports group of companies
. We share your personal data with other companies within the Genius Sports group, including our companies located outside of the United Kingdom (“
UK
”) and the United States (“
US
”) (please see the “Cross-Border Transfers” section below for further information).
Organisations that provide services to us
. We work with a number of trusted third parties to provide our website and associated services. In particular:
our website is hosted by Pagely (please see Pagely’s privacy policy here:
Privacy Policy – Pagely®
);
our sales teams use Microsoft Dynamics and Office 365 to store and process details submitted through our “contact us” enquiry forms (please see Microsoft’s privacy policy here:
Privacy – Microsoft privacy
);
our sales and marketing teams use Salesforce Pardot to store and process customer contact details and to deliver marketing updates (please see Microsoft’s privacy policy here:
Privacy – Microsoft privacy
);
we use Amazon Web Services EU to provide cloud storage (please see AWS’ privacy policy here:
AWS Privacy (amazon.com)
);
our Talent Acquisition Team use a number of third party suppliers to deliver our recruitment platform and associated services (please see our
Recruitment Privacy Policy
for further detail).
Our professional advisers
. We share personal data with our professional advisers only where it is required in order for them to provide their advice.
Potential buyers
. In the event of a prospective sale of all any part of our business, we may provide access to personal data to a potential buyer, provided that we inform the buyer that your personal data may only be used for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
Governments or our regulators
. We may share personal data with governmental bodies or regulators where required to do so by law.
Police, law enforcement and security services
: We may share personal data with enforcement bodies to help them with any investigation, prevention of crime or matter of national security.
In each case, we will only share your personal data where it is necessary to do so. We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow third party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Cross-border Transfers
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS
Regardless of where in the world you are based, we share your personal data with the Genius Sports Group. This will involve transferring your personal data outside of your country, including in particular to locations in which we have offices, namely Australia, Bulgaria, Colombia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Switzerland, the UK and the US.
This means that your personal data will be shared outside of the UK and European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), where the standard of protection of personal data may be lower than it is in the UK and EEA.
In addition, many of our third-party suppliers are based outside of the UK and EEA so their processing of your personal data will also involve a transfer outside of the UK or EEA or your originating country.
Whenever we transfer your personal data internationally, we ensure that a similar degree of protection is afforded to is as in the UK or EEA by implementing
one
of the following safeguards:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed by the UK or EEA to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data; or
We will use standard contractual clauses that have been approved for use in the UK or EEA (as appropriate), together with any supplementary measures required.
Where we use standard contractual clauses and supplementary measures as the relevant safeguard, we will also conduct a transfer impact assessment to ensure adequate protection of your personal data.
Please contact us using the details in the “Contact and DPO” section below if you would like further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK or EEA.
Data Security
DATA SECURITY
We respect your personal data and have put in place appropriate technical and organisational security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way or altered or disclosed. In addition, we restrict access to your personal data to those employees, agents and contractors who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Retention Of Your Information
RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will retain your personal information only for the time necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as required by any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe that there is a prospect of litigation in respect of our relationship with you.
We will store the following categories of your personal information for the time periods indicated:
Category of personal data
Storage time period
Contact details and email history for enquiries
Two years after last contact
Contact details and preferences for marketing purposes
Until you unsubscribe
Job applications and candidate contact details
If candidate is successful, seven years after the date on which employment ceases.
If candidate is unsuccessful, four months after the date on which candidate is advised that their application will not be progressed unless it is considered that it would be worthwhile retaining the candidate details for potential future opportunities beyond that period, in which case the candidate will be asked if they consent to a further retention period.
Your Legal Rights
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data, including the rights to:
request access to your personal data;
request rectification of any mistakes in your personal data;
request erasure of your personal data;
object to our processing of your personal data;
request restriction of processing of your personal data;
request transfer of your personal data (data portability);
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data (only where we rely on consent as the lawful basis for processing).
We may need to ask for information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to exercise your data privacy rights before we are able to act on your request. We reserve the right to refuse to comply with a request if it is unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Otherwise, we aim to respond to all complete and legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally, it could take us longer to respond if we require further information from you, the subject matter is particularly complex, or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Further information on each of your legal rights and how to exercise them is set out below. It should be noted that the rights are not absolute but are subject to certain limitations and exceptions. We will provide reasons if we are unable to comply with any request for the exercise of your rights.
Right of access
: You have the right to ask us for a copy of the personal data we hold about you at any time.
Right of rectification:
If the personal data we hold about you is not accurate or is incomplete, you have the right to have the data rectified, updated or completed.
Right of erasure:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that personal information we hold about you is erased – for example, if the information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or processed, or if our processing of the information was based on your consent and there is no other legal basis on which we may process the information.
Right to object:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data – for example, you may object to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, or you may object to processing based on our legitimate interests, unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for our continued processing.
Right to restrict processing:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict our use of your personal information – for example, where you have challenged the accuracy of the information during the period where we are verifying its accuracy.
Right to data portability:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to receive the personal data that we hold about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. This right only applies in relation to personal data that you have provided to us and which is processed by us using automated means. Where the right applies, you may ask us to send the data directly to you or to a third party. However, we are not able to guarantee technical compatibility of the data we provide with a third party’s systems.
Complaints
COMPLAINTS
If you are unhappy about our use of your personal information, you may contact us using the details in the “Contact and DPO” section below. We will investigate your complaint and notify you in writing of the outcome as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of receiving the complaint.
If you are unsatisfied with our response to your complaint, you may refer your concerns to the relevant supervisory authority in your country. In the United Kingdom, we are regulated by the Information Commissioner’s Office (“
ICO
”). You may make a complaint to the ICO using any of the following contact methods:
Telephone:
+44 (0) 303 123 1113
Website:
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
Post:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Contact
CONTACT
If you have any enquiries or if you would like to contact us about our processing of your personal information, including to exercise your rights as outlined above, please contact us, by one of the methods listed below. When you contact us, we will ask you to verify your identity.
Telephone
:
+44 (0) 20 7851 4060
Email
:
privacy@geniussports.com
Post:
Data Protection Officer
Genius Sports Limited
1st floor
27 Soho Square
London
England
W1D 3QR
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/:
Skip to content
See Privacy Statement
How we protect our Customer’s data as a Processor
Our cloud services are designed to help customers comply with privacy laws around the world. Discover more about our commitment to protecting customer data as a processor.
Global Privacy Resources for Salesforce Products
Data Processing Addendum
Data Processing Addendum FAQ
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Salesforce's Notice of Data Privacy Framework Certification
Trust and Compliance Documentation
Salesforce Audience Studio Privacy Policy
Salesforce's Notice of APEC CBPR and PRP Certifications
Salesforce's EU Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce's UK Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce Group Affiliates for UK Binding Corporate Rules for Processors
How we protect data as a Controller
We continuously monitor the global privacy landscape and adapt our privacy program accordingly. Discover more about our commitment to compliance with global privacy laws as a controller
Salesforce Candidate Privacy Statement
Salesforce Apps, Add-ins and Extensions Privacy Statement
Contact Information
To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, or email us at
privacy@salesforce.com.
For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below.
Learn more
Important Information
Salesforce’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices.
Responsible Salesforce Entity
Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities act as the controllers of your Personal Data and are responsible for its processing, unless expressly specified otherwise in our full Privacy Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, our Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor on behalf of our customers. A reference to “Salesforce,” “we,” “us” or the “Company” is a reference to Salesforce, Inc. and its affiliates involved in the processing activity. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here. Please see the "Contacting us" section, below, for our contact information and details of our Data Protection Officer (and in India, our Grievance Officer).
Purposes for which we process Personal Data
We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including:
to provide our websites and social media branded pages;
to display personalized advertisements and content;
to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees);
to send communications;
to handle contact and user support requests;
to provide and optimize the performance of our services;
to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance);
to administer surveys and conduct research; and
to comply with our legal obligations.
For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement.
We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing.
Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data.
Who do we share Personal Data with
We may share Personal Data with various parties, including:
Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;
Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;
If you are using our services as an authorized user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies;
Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;
Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;
Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; and
Professional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information.
International transfer of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your  country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Your rights relating to Personal Data
You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;
Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement.
Contacting us
To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, email us at
privacy@salesforce.com
or
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
, call us at tel:1-855-938-3410 or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer)
415 Mission St., 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the
following website
.
Situations
Categories of Personal Data
If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us
Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share
If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar
Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information
If you attend an event
Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video
If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification
Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests
If you interact with our websites or emails
Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies
If you use and interact with our products and services
Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below)
If you communicate with us via a phone call
Information such as your name, voice and any other Personal Data voluntarily share
If you visit our offices
Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research
Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it
If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider)
Contact information, payment and billing information
If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources
We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you.
Provision of the services:
The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.
In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.
Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We, collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources:
Another individual at your organization who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and
Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open-source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements.
Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises.
Type of Cookies
Description
Managing Settings
Required cookies
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests.
Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often.
We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements.
Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it.
We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click
here
.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
.
Advertising cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them.
We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites.
Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request.
We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties.
For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the
Tableau Cookie Policy
and the
Slack Cookie Policy
.
4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors
As described above, we or one of our authorized partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
.
To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
. Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser
In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click
here
(or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click
here
). To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites.
While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
4.5 Social Media Features
Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile.
Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form.
Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
4.6 Telephony log information
If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers).
Purpose
Description
Legal basis
Providing our websites (including our social media pages)
We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request
Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information
Improving our websites
We process your Personal Data to analyze overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites
Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors
Promoting the security of our websites
We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others
Displaying personalized advertisements and content
We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests
Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent
Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalized advertising purposes
Registering visitors
We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons
Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorized access
Managing event registrations and attendance
Managing event registrations and attendance
We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you
Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons
Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent
Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees
We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees
Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health
Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises
We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises
Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises
Sending communications
We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners
Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes)
Recording phone calls
We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes
If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded
Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users
Handling contact and user support requests
We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you
Providing our services
We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services
Developing and optimizing the performance of the services
We process your Personal Data to
develop, optimize, and improve
the performance of the services
Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject
Providing personalized interactions
We process your Personal Data to customize our interactions with you
Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers
Managing our customer and user accounts
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts
Managing usage and licensing compliance
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers
Preparing internal reports and business modeling
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy)
Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations
Maintaining our security
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others
Managing compensation for employees
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission
Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees
Undertaking financial reporting
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting
Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances
Aggregating data
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying
Our legitimate interest in minimizing the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity
Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions
We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program.
In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your we will share your Personal Data with your employer
Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data
Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion
Managing payments
If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Administering surveys and conducting research
We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyze our compliance with internal policies
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope)
Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development
We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members
Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures
Collecting diversity information
We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law)
Complying with legal obligations
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights
Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes
If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.
Requests Submitted
Requests Fulfilled in Whole Or In Part*
Average Days to Respond
Average Days to Complete a Request**
Requests for access to Personal Data
44
32
1
49
Requests to delete Personal Data
210
143
1
29
Requests to correct Personal Data
4
0
1
3
Objections to processing Personal Data
7
4
1
15
Requests to opt-out of Sharing
2,064
2,064
n/A
5
*Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests, the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response.
**Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested.  Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2023.
Contact us
We use cookies on our website to improve website performance, to analyze website usage and to tailor content and offers to your interests. 

Advertising and functional cookies are only placed with your consent. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you consent to us placing these cookies. By clicking “Do Not Accept”, you reject the usage of such cookies. We always place required cookies that do not require consent, which are necessary for the website to work properly.

For more information about the different cookies we are using, read the
Privacy Statement
. To change your cookie settings and preferences, click the Cookie Consent Manager button.
Do Not Accept
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Consent Manager
General Information
Required Cookies
Functional Cookies
Advertising Cookies
General Information
We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings.
Privacy Statement
Always Active
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 1
https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy:
Skip to Content
Close mobile sub-navigation
Greenhouse Home Link
Open menu for
Platform
Platform
The all-together hiring platform
Solutions
Talent sourcing
Candidate experience
Scalable workflows
Interviewing & decision-making
Onboarding
Reporting & insights
Integrations
Greenhouse for
Early-stage business
Scaling company
Modern enterprise
What’s new
Latest product features
Open menu for
Why Greenhouse
Why Greenhouse
How we compare
Return on your hiring investment
Your partner in success
Awards & accolades
Awards & accolades
Greenhouse named Best Software for Enterprise in 2024
Learn why Greenhouse is an award-winning enterprise software for companies like DoorDash, Betterment and MLB.
Learn more
Open menu for
Resources
Types
Blog
Guidance
Customer stories
Hiring glossary
Talent Makers book
Topics
DE&I
Structured hiring
AI and automation
Hiring Maturity
Support
Learn Greenhouse
Get support
Developer resources
Open menu for
About
About
Company
Press & awards
Careers
People first
People first
The future belongs to people-first companies
Today’s talent thinks differently about where and how they work, and winning companies are people-first companies. Here’s how to build a culture that connects.
Read the blog
Open menu for
Community
Community
Events & webinars
Open
Talent Makers
Newsletter
Partnerships
Webinar
Webinar
The great hiring debate
Join this webinar to hear from key hiring leaders on how to achieve business success through strategic, efficient and effective hiring practices.
Register now
Sign in
Request a demo
Toggle search form
Open mobile navigation
Legal
secondary menu
All documents
Privacy policy
Cookie notice
CCPA/CPRA for candidates
Master subscription agreement
Data processing addendum
Service level agreement
Subprocessors in use
Professional services addendum
Sourcing automation addendum
Scroll Subnavigation
Legal – Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Date last updated
: March 3, 2025
Introduction
Greenhouse Software, Inc. ("
Greenhouse
") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it in accordance with applicable laws and using generally-accepted industry practices. This Privacy Policy explains who we are, how we collect, share, and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “
Personal Information
” means any information that is available to Greenhouse and that is protected explicitly by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation of 2016 (the “
EU GDPR
”); the EU GDPR as saved into United Kingdom law by virtue of section 3 of the United Kingdom’s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "
UK GDPR
"); and the California Consumer Protection Act “
CCPA
”), to the extent applicable.
If you have any questions or concerns about Greenhouse’s collection and use of your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details provided below. If however, your questions or concerns are related to a Greenhouse customer’s collection and use of your Personal Information, please contact that customer directly.
Scope of this policy
Greenhouse is a leading provider of cloud-based software services that help companies manage and optimize their recruiting and hiring processes.
Greenhouse processes personal data in the following contexts:
1. As a processor on behalf of its customers for recruiting and onboarding purposes.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information in this context. Our customers are the controllers of the Personal Information they collect through Greenhouse’s Services to manage their own recruiting and onboarding processes (
e.g.
, names, contact information, and other data collected as part of job applications), and each customer manages that Personal Information in accordance with its own privacy policies. Greenhouse’s privacy commitments to our customers are governed by a separate customer agreement that authorizes us to collect, process, and store Personal Information on their behalf, as a processor under the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR, and a service provider under the CCPA. Greenhouse processes Personal Information relating to our customers’ employees and job applicants within our Services only according to our customers’ instructions (as defined in our customer agreements), and we have no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Information we process in connection with our customers’ use of our Services. For example, if you apply to a job posted on a career page of a Greenhouse customer, your Personal Information will be automatically processed by Greenhouse on behalf of that customer. However, the company you applied to is the data controller (or business, as that term is defined in the CCPA) with respect to your Personal Information, and you should contact that entity directly with any questions you may have regarding its privacy policies or data processing practices, or if you wish to modify or access your Personal Information, restrict its processing, or delete it from our Services. Greenhouse’s customer contracts require us to redirect any inquiries relating to the Personal Information we process on behalf of a customer back to that customer without taking any action on the request.
2. As a controller in a commercial context (
e.g.
, managing business relationships with customers and vendors).
3. As a controller in an employment context (
e.g.
, processing job applications for Greenhouse’s own hiring).
4. As a controller for the
My Greenhouse
service, where Personal Information is collected directly from job seekers who use the platform to apply for jobs or manage their job search. For more information on how Greenhouse processes your Personal Information in this context,
please see this section.
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information in contexts 2, 3, and 4.
Our websites, products and services are generally designed for businesses and their representatives. Outside of the My Greenhouse service, we do not offer products or services for use by individuals for their personal, family or household purposes. Accordingly, we treat all Personal Information we collect, other than the Personal Information provided by users of the My Greenhouse service, as pertaining to individuals in their capacities as business representatives and not as individual consumers.
Greenhouse is the controller of Personal Information that we collect directly from visitors to our marketing website,
www.greenhouse.io
(the “Website”); from our own job applicants; and from our customers and vendors to help us manage our business relationships with them. This Privacy Policy describes the type of Personal Information that Greenhouse collects; Greenhouse’s policies around the use, disclosure, and retention of that Personal Information; and the choices available to you regarding your rights in relation to your Personal Information generally.
Personal information we collect
Greenhouse may collect the following information, including Personal Information from and about you:
From your interaction with Sales, Marketing, and Customer Support
We collect Personal Information such as your name, company name, email address, phone number, and billing information when you request a demo of our Services, or request sales information or customer service.
Third-party sources
We may combine Personal Information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:
Public sources
, such as government agencies, public records, social media platforms, and other publicly available sources.
Data providers
, such as information services and data licensors that provide other information, such as your business contact information.
Cookies, Scripts and Related Technologies
When you visit our website,
www.greenhouse.io
, we and our third-party service providers receive Personal Information that you may have provided, such as your IP address. The technologies we use to track your movements around our website include cookies, tracking scripts and pixels, and tagging technologies, which we may employ to understand your preferences, improve your experience on our website, etc. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable, or delete them, please visit
aboutcookies.org
for detailed guidance.
Collection of Data by Advertisers
We may also use third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Certain third-party partners may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our website (but not your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number). They do this by using cookies, pixel tags or other technologies. Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our website and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies or pixel tags in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technologies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here:
aboutads.info/choices
or
networkadvertising.org
.
How Greenhouse uses your personal information
We may use the information that we collect about you and from you, including Personal Information, for the following purposes:
To provide, operate, improve, and customize our Website
We seek to improve your experience with our Website. As a result, we will analyze data we collect about your use of the Website.
To communicate with you
If you request more information about our products, we will contact you using the information you provide us. We may also send you information about products and services that may be of interest to you, with your prior opt-in consent where required by applicable law.
To aggregate data
We may anonymize and/or aggregate data collected through our Website and to create statistics that may be used for any purpose, provided that such statistics do not identify any customers or individuals or contain any Personal Information.
To process your job application
If you apply to work at Greenhouse, Greenhouse will use the Personal Information provided in the context of your application for the purposes of processing and evaluating the application.
For marketing and advertising
We, our service providers, and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes:
Direct marketing. We may send you direct marketing communications. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the Opt-out of marketing section below.
Interest-based advertising. Our third-party advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction (including the data described in the automatic data collection section above) with the Service, our communications and other online services over time, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. This is called interest-based advertising. We may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in the Your choices section of our
Cookie Notice
.
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
Audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements or our internal policies;
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
How Greenhouse may disclose or share your information
We do not sell or otherwise disclose Personal Information we collect about you, except as described in this Privacy Policy or as we disclose to you at the time this information is collected. As described in more detail below, we may share your Personal Information:
With our partners and third-party service providers. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information only as necessary to perform services on behalf of Greenhouse (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website). We require these service providers by contract to safeguard the privacy and security of Personal Information that they process on our behalf;
To third-party advertising companies for the marketing and advertising purposes described above;
To any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person or (iv) for any of the compliance and protection purposes outlined above;
To professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us;
To an acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets, provided that we inform such third parties that they must use your Personal Information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy; and
To any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Your choices
Opt-out of marketing communications
You may opt-out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us. Please note that if you choose to opt-out of marketing-related emails, you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Cookies
For information about cookies employed by the Service and how to control them, see our
Cookie Notice
.
Mobile location data
You can disable our access to your device’s precise geolocation in your mobile device settings.
Do Not Track
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit
allaboutdnt.com
.
Declining to provide information
We need to collect Personal Information to provide certain marketing materials or other information that you may want. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those materials or information.
How Greenhouse secures your information
We care about the security of your Personal Information, and take steps including implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information.
International data transfers
Your Personal Information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our primary offices are located in the United States, and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your Personal Information, it may be processed in any of these countries.
Notice to European, Swiss and UK users
The information provided in this “Notice to European, Swiss, and UK Users” section applies only to individuals in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), Switzerland, or the UK.
If you are a visitor from the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you or may otherwise need the Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
Data Protection Rights
As an EEA, Swiss, or UK data subject, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
If you wish to opt out of (i) the disclosure of your Personal Information to a third party, or (ii) the use of your Personal Information for a purpose materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you, you can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io. In any event, unless Greenhouse has affirmative express consent from you, Greenhouse will not (i) disclose sensitive information (i.e., personal information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of the individual), or (ii) use sensitive personal information for a purpose other than those for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you through the exercise of opt-in-choice. Greenhouse will treat as sensitive any Personal Information received from a third party where the third party identifies and treats it as sensitive.
You can object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your Personal Information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
How long Greenhouse retains your personal information
We retain Personal Information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Children’s privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our website is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at privacy@greenhouse.io. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
Third-party certifications: Data Privacy Framework
Greenhouse complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Greenhouse has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Greenhouse has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Greenhouse commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Greenhouse at:
privacy@greenhouse.io
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Greenhouse further commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Complaints may be submitted to the EU DPAs, the UK ICO, and/or the FDPIC, as appropriate, at no cost to you.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these methods above, a binding arbitration option may be available under limited circumstances. Additional information can be found here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
. Additionally, Greenhouse is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), and the FTC has jurisdiction over Greenhouse’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
With regard to onward transfers of personal data to third parties, Greenhouse is responsible for ensuring that the third parties comply with applicable data protection principles, including ensuring that the third parties do not process such personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles.
My Greenhouse
This “My Greenhouse” section is applicable only to users of the
My Greenhouse
service.
Personal Information We Collect
In addition to the categories of Personal Information already listed, Greenhouse collects the following categories information directly from users of the My Greenhouse service:
Resumes, cover letters, and other job application materials.
Contact details, such as email addresses and phone numbers.
Job preferences and search criteria.
How Greenhouse Uses Your Personal Information
For users of the My Greenhouse service, we use your Personal Information to:
Facilitate job applications and connect you with potential employers.
Provide personalized job recommendations and search functionality.
Share your information with employers seeking candidates with your skills and background, as referenced in the My Greenhouse User Agreement.
Your Choices
Users of the My Greenhouse service who object to Greenhouse sharing or selling your Personal Information with potential employers should close their account.
Users of the My Greenhouse service in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), Switzerland, or the UK may, alternately, opt out of sharing their Personal Information with potential employers by contacting us at
job-seeker-optout@greenhouse.io
and listing their name, email address, and country.
Interseller
This “Interseller” section is applicable only to Interseller, and excludes all other Greenhouse products and services, including, but not limited to, Greenhouse Recruiting, Greenhouse Onboarding and Greenhouse Sourcing Automation. For information on the privacy practices related to Interseller, please refer to the
Interseller privacy page
and the
Interseller privacy ccpa page
.
2023 Data Broker Requests
Number of requests
Requests granted
Requests denied
Median number of days for substantive response
Mean number of days for substantive response
Requests to delete personal information
26
26
0
1
1.5
Requests to know or access what personal information the data broker was collecting
4
4
0
1
1
Requests to know what personal information the data broker was selling or sharing and to whom
0
0
0
N/A
N/A
Requests to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information
19
19
0
1
1.63
Requests to limit the data broker’s use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
0
0
0
N/A
N/A
*Please note that Interseller is no longer a data broker
Updates to this privacy policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical, or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Contact information
If you have any comments or questions about our Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights, feel free to contact us at
privacy@greenhouse.io
, or at the mailing address below.
Greenhouse Software, Inc.
228 Park Avenue S. PMB 14744
Attn: Privacy
New York, New York
10003-1502 USA
Archived versions
Greenhouse Privacy Policy - 3/3/2025
Greenhouse Privacy Policy - 6/27/2024
Greenhouse Privacy Policy- 5/25/2018
be_ixf;ym_202503 d_14; ct_50
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.26.1
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com/uk/privacy-policy
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com/uk/privacy-policy
By clicking “Accept all cookies,” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy policy
Cookie preferences
Reject all
Allow all
Set your cookie preference
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow all
Manage consent preferences
Always active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookie details‎
Targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookie details‎
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookie details‎
Functional cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookie details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 2
https://pagely.com/legal/privacy-policy/#:~:text=Pagely%20Inc.%20%28%E2%80%9CPagely%E2%80%9D%29%20operates%20several%20websites%20including%20Pagely.com,information%20we%20may%20collect%20while%20operating%20our%20websites.:
Privacy Policy
Legal Content
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Affiliate Disclosure Policy
Disaster Recovery Scenarios
Enhanced Service Level Agreement
Modern Day Slavery Statement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Refund Policy
Service Level Agreement
Slack Channel Usage Policy
Data Processing Addendum
Statement of Support
Privacy Transparency Report
Last Revised: Nov 30, 2023
Pagely, LLC (“Pagely”) is a GoDaddy company.  GoDaddy’s Global Privacy Notice and the following related policies and procedures apply to Pagely’s processing of Personal Data:
Global Privacy Notice
European Privacy Notice Supplement for EU/EEA, Switzerland, and UK
US Privacy Notice Supplement
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Please click on the hyperlinks above to review the applicable notices and supplements.
Exercising Your Privacy Rights
To exercise your privacy rights relating to processing of Personal Data by Pagely, you can email us at
privacy@pagely.com
or by mail at the addresses listed below.  To easily access, view, or update your personal information, please sign into your Pagely Atomic Dashboard and visit “My Settings.” If you wish to delete or port your personal information, you may submit a ticket via your Pagely Atomic Dashboard. If you make a request to delete your personal information and that data is necessary for the products or services you have purchased, the request will be honored only to the extent it is no longer necessary for any Services purchased or required for our legitimate business purposes or legal or contractual record keeping requirements. To exercise your privacy rights relating to other GoDaddy companies and products, you also can exercise your privacy rights as described in GoDaddy’s Global Privacy Notice and related documents linked above.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, you can contact us at
privacy@pagely.com
or by mail at:
United States: Attn: Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 2155 E. GoDaddy Way, Tempe, AZ 85284 USA
United Kingdom: Attn: Legal, Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 5th Floor, The Shipping Building, Old Vinyl Factory, 252-254 Blyth Road, Hayes, UB3 1HA.
European Union (EEA) / Switzerland: Attn: Legal, Office of the Data Privacy Officer, Pagely c/o WeWork, Friesenplatz 4, 50672 Köln, Germany
Asia: Attn: Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898
We respond to all questions or concerns within 30 days.
Now chatting
Questions? We'd love to chat.
powered
by
Olark Logo
Olark launch button clip path
0
Chat with us
Sub-policy 3
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacy#:~:text=We%20are%20working%20to%20earn%20your%20trust%20every,through%20strong%20security%20and%20encryption.%20More%20items...%20:
Trace Id is missing
We are sorry, the page you requested cannot be found.
The URL may be misspelled or the page you're looking for is no longer available.
Sub-policy 4
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 5
https://www.geniussports.com/policies/recruitment-privacy-policy/:
Company's terms of use
Last updated: January 25, 2025
Introduction
About us
Personal data we collect
How we collect your personal information
How we use your personal data
How we share your personal information
Cross-border transfers
Data security
Retention of your information
Your legal rights
Complaints
Contact
General
About us
Personal data we collect
How we collect your personal information
How we use your personal data
How we share your personal information
Cross-border transfers
Data security
Retention of your information
Your legal rights
Complaints
Contact
Introduction
Genius Sports Group is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy explains how Genius Sports Group Limited and the companies in its corporate group (“
Genius Sports
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) use your personal data (or personally identifiable information) when you apply for an opportunity with us. It also advises you of your rights as a data subject and how those rights may be exercised. We will ensure that any information that we collect or that you submit to us when applying for a role will be used only for the purposes set out in this policy.
We keep our privacy practices under review and may amend this policy from time to time. This version is dated March 2025.
About us
This privacy policy is issued on behalf of the Genius Sports group of companies. When we mention “
Genius Sports
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
” in this policy, we are referring to the company in the Genius Sports Group that is relevant for processing your personal data.
Genius Sports Group Limited is the data controller responsible for processing your personal data. It is a company registered with Companies House in England and Wales under company number 09706742 and with the Information Commissioner’s Office under registration number ZA198905.
We have appointed a data protection officer (“
DPO
”) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this policy. If you have any questions about this policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, then please contact the DPO using the contact details given at the end of this policy.
Personal data we collect
Broadly speaking, your personal data is any information about you from which you may be directly or indirectly identified. In connection with your application for a role with us, we may collect, store and process the following categories of your personal data:
The information you have provided to us in your CV or resume and covering letter.
The information you have provided on our application form, including full name, title, gender, email address, telephone number, LinkedIn profile, authorisation to work, travel time to work, salary expectation, availability to work (including notice period), educational background information and professional background information.
Information relating to equal opportunities, including race or national or ethnic origin and gender (this information may be submitted on a voluntary basis during the recruitment process).
Communications between you and us in relation to the job application.
Information relating to interviews, including any information you provide to us during the interview process, our notes taken in interviews and internal records of performance (scorecard feedback).
Details relating to the role on offer, including salary expectations, availability to start/notice period, distance from work location, authority to work and visa/sponsorship requirements.
Information obtained through reference checks.
Information obtained through background checks (please see below for further details).
There are certain types of personal data (referred to as “
special category data
”) that are afforded a higher level of protection under applicable data protection law because they are more sensitive. Special category data include personal data relating to a person’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetics, biometrics, health, sex life or sexual orientation. We may collect the following types of special category data in connection with your application:
Information about your race or ethnicity.
Information about your health, including any medical condition or disability, and health and sickness records.
Finally, depending on the role you are applying for, we may also collect information about any criminal convictions and offences, as further explained below.
How we collect your personal information
We may collect your personal data in the following ways:
Directly from you
We may collect personal data directly from you via the careers section of our website if you choose to complete an application form for a role with us or via Hired.com if you choose to respond to a contact request from us (please see Hired.com’s privacy policy here:
Privacy – Hired
). Alternatively, if we have headhunted you, we may receive personal data directly from you, which will be uploaded manually into our recruitment systems by our Talent Acquisition Team.
Recruitment consultancies
We have relationships with a number of recruitment consultancies who may submit an application and associated personal data to us on your behalf. If you apply for a role with us via a recruitment agency, you will be asked to give your consent to the third party sharing your personal data with us for the purposes of your application. Please contact your recruiter for further information on their privacy terms.
Job boards
We use the following third party job boards from which we receive candidate applications and associated personal data:
LinkedIn (please see LinkedIn’s privacy policy here:
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
);
CV Keskus (please see CV Keskus’ privacy policy here:
CV Keskus
);
Meet Frank (please see Meet Frank’s privacy policy here:
MeetFrank – Secret Recruitment App
);
Indeed (please see Indeed’s privacy policy here:
Indeed Privacy Policy
);
CV.ee (please see CV.ee’s privacy policy here:
Terms | CV-Online
);
Total Jobs (please see Total Job’s privacy policy here:
Privacy policy | Totaljobs
);
Computrabajo (please see Computrabajo’s privacy policy here:
Privacy Policy (computrabajo.com.co)
);
Zip Recruiter (please see Zip Recruiter’s privacy policy here:
Global Privacy Policy | ZipRecruiter
).
Otta (please see Otta’s privacy policy here:
Otta Privacy Policy
)
If you apply for a role with us via a job board, you will be asked to give your consent to the third party sharing your personal data with us for the purposes of your application.
Referrals
If you are referred for a role with us by a Genius Sports employee (under our referral scheme), then we may collect personal data about you from your referrer, including your CV or resume, name and contact details.
Background and credit reference checks
We use HireRight Limited to conduct pre-employment background checks. The background checks undertaken will depend on the seniority of the role you are applying for with us and local laws. For all prospective employees, we will undertake an employment verification check and identification check. For executive or senior management positions, or certain positions in the finance team, we may also require a credit reference check and/or criminal record check, but only where it is directly relevant to the role being recruited.
Before any checks are conducted, HireRight will provide you with a full privacy notice and obtain your consent to proceed.
Publicly available sources
We may process and store relevant personal data about candidates from their LinkedIn profile pages.
How we use your personal data
Our use of your personal data
We will only use your personal data where this is permitted by law. We have set out below an explanation of the way in which we use your personal data and which of the lawful bases we rely on to do so (special category data is considered separately below).
Purpose
Personal data used
Lawful basis for processing
To assess your skills, qualifications and suitability for the work or role
Contact details, professional/educational background information and details related to the role on offer (including salary expectations, motivation for the role, authorisation to work, distance from work and availability to work)
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to enable us to hire the people we need to develop and grow our business)
To communicate with you about the recruitment process and application status, including resolving any complaints or grievances
Name and contact details
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to enable us to hire the people we need to develop and grow our business)
To carry out background, credit reference and reference checks, where applicable
Name, contact details, previous employment contact details, passport, driving licence, National Insurance number (or local equivalent if not UK-based), employment and educational history, criminal record information and credit check information
Consent (you may withdraw your consent at any time by emailing HireRight at CustomerServiceEMEA@HireRight.com or by contacting us using the details in the “Contact and DPO” section below)
To comply with legal or regulatory requirements
Right to work information
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
If you have not been successful in your application for the role, to keep your details on file for any other suitable opportunities with us
Name, referring agency, date of application
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to enable us to hire the people we need to develop and grow our business)
In relation to self-declared disabilities, to allow us to make a reasonable adjustment to support your application and any future employment
Nature of disability or other requirement requiring adjustment
Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation
In relation to any voluntarily provided equal opportunities information, to monitor our equality and diversity composition
Gender, race, ethnic origin
Consent (you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details in the “Contact and DPO” section below)
In the event that your application is successful, to generate offer documentation and a contract of employment
Name, contact details, salary
Necessary to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract
In the event that your application is successful, to transfer your personal data to our internal Human Resources platform in order to create an employee record and begin onboarding
Name, contact details, CV, offer letter
Necessary for the performance of a contract
We will only use your personal data for the purpose for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will contact you and explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Once we have received your application, we will process the information provided to decide whether you meet the requirements to be shortlisted for the role. If you do, we will decide whether your application is strong enough to invite you for interview. If you are called for an interview or interviews, then we will use the information you provide to us during the interview process to decide whether to offer you the role or work. Any offer for work will be conditional upon completion of satisfactory reference and background checks.
If you fail to provide information
We will not be able to process your application successfully if you fail to provide us with required information when requested (for example evidence of qualifications or work history).
How we use your special category data
We will use your special category data for the following purposes:
We will use information about your disability status to consider whether we need to provide appropriate adjustments during the recruitment process, for example whether adjustments need to be made during an interview.
We will use information about your race or national or ethnic origin, and gender, to ensure meaningful equal opportunity monitoring and reporting.
Information about criminal convictions
Depending on the nature of the role applied for, we may process information about any criminal convictions (but only where it is relevant to the role being recruited). We are entitled to carry out a criminal records check in order to satisfy ourselves that there is nothing in your criminal convictions history which makes you unsuitable for the role.
If your application is successful
If you are successful in your application for a role with us, your personal data will be transferred to the internal systems we use for collecting, storing and processing the data of our employees and contingent workers. You will be provided with separate information on how your data is processed as an employee or contingent worker.
How we share your personal information
We may share your personal data with the following third parties either because they process personal data on our behalf or because we are required to do so by law:
Companies within the Genius Sports group of companies.
We share your personal data with other companies within the Genius Sports group, including our companies located outside of the United Kingdom (“
UK
”) and the United States (“
US
”) (please see the “Cross-Border Transfers” section below for further information).
Organisations that provide services to us.
We work with a number of trusted third parties to provide our recruitment platform. In particular:
Microsoft Office 365, Sharepoint and OneDrive to store and process candidate applications (please see Microsoft’s privacy policy here:
Privacy – Microsoft privacy
);
Greenhouse, a company based in Newtown, Pennsylvania, to deliver our recruitment platform and store the personal data we collect relating to prospective candidates (please see Greenhouse’s privacy policy here:
Greenhouse privacy policy | Greenhouse
;
HireRight Limited to provide a background checking service (please see HireRight’s privacy policy here:
We Respect Your Privacy | HireRight
);
Amazon Web Services EU to provide cloud storage (please see AWS’ privacy policy here:
AWS Privacy (amazon.com)
).
Our professional advisers.
We share personal data with our professional advisers only where it is required in order for them to provide their advice.
Potential buyers.
In the event of a prospective sale of all any part of our business, we may provide access to personal data to a potential buyer, provided that we inform the buyer that your personal data may only be used for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
Governments or our regulators.
We may share personal data with governmental bodies or regulators where required to do so by law.
Police, law enforcement and security services.
We may share personal data with enforcement bodies to help them with any investigation, prevention of crime or matter of national security.
In each case, we will only share your personal data where it is necessary to do so. We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow third party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Cross-border transfers
Regardless of where in the world you are based, we share your personal data with the Genius Sports Group. This will involve transferring your personal data outside of your country, including in particular to locations in which we have offices, namely Australia, Bulgaria, Colombia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Switzerland, the UK and the US.
This means that your personal data will be shared outside of the UK and European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), where the standard of protection of personal data may be lower than it is in the UK and EEA.
In addition, many of our third party suppliers (please see the “How we Share Your Personal Information” section above) are based outside of the UK and EEA, or have subsidiaries or processors based outside of the UK and EEA, so their processing of your personal data will also involve a transfer outside of the UK or EEA or your originating country.
Whenever we transfer your personal data outside of the UK or EEA, we ensure that a similar degree of protection is afforded to your data as in the UK or EEA by implementing
one
of the following safeguards:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed by the UK or EEA to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data; or
We will use standard contractual clauses that have been approved for use in the UK or EEA (as appropriate), together with any supplementary measures required.
Where we use standard contractual clauses and supplementary measures as the relevant safeguard, we will also conduct a transfer impact assessment to ensure adequate protection of your personal data.
Please contact us using the details in the “Contact and DPO” section below if you would like further information on the specific mechanism used when transferring your personal data out of the UK or EEA.
Data security
We respect your personal data and have put in place appropriate technical and organisational security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way or altered or disclosed. In addition, we restrict access to your personal data to those employees, agents and contractors who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Retention of your information
We will retain your personal information only for the time necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as required by any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe that there is a prospect of litigation in respect of our relationship with you.
We will store the following categories of your personal information for the time periods indicated:
Category of personal data
Storage time period
Candidate contact details, application details and profile, including all information provided by or on behalf of a candidate in connection with their application, interview notes and records of performance and internal decision-making
If candidate is successful, seven years after the date on which employment ceases.
If candidate is unsuccessful, one year after the date on which candidate is advised that their application will not be progressed unless it is considered that it would be worthwhile retaining the candidate details for potential future opportunities beyond that period, in which case the candidate will be asked if they consent to a further retention period.
Candidate name, referring recruitment agency and date of application
One year after candidate has been accepted or rejected.
Background check information
Six months after background checks have been completed for all background checks except criminal record checks.
For criminal record checks, any information relating to criminal conviction history is deleted immediately after receipt, save that a record is retained as to whether or not the check yielded a positive or negative result.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data, including the rights to:
request access to your personal data;
request rectification of any mistakes in your personal data;
request erasure of your personal data;
object to our processing of your personal data;
request restriction of processing of your personal data;
request transfer of your personal data (data portability);
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data (only where we rely on consent as the lawful basis for processing).
We may need to ask for information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to exercise your data privacy rights before we are able to act on your request. We reserve the right to refuse to comply with a request if it is unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Otherwise, we aim to respond to all complete and legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally, it could take us longer to respond if we require further information from you, the subject matter is particularly complex, or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Further information on each of your legal rights and how to exercise them is set out below. It should be noted that the rights are not absolute but are subject to certain limitations and exceptions. We will provide reasons if we are unable to comply with any request for the exercise of your rights.
Right of access:
You have the right to ask us for a copy of the personal data we hold about you at any time.
Right of rectification:
If the personal data we hold about you is not accurate or is incomplete, you have the right to have the data rectified, updated or completed.
Right of erasure:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that personal information we hold about you is erased – for example, if the information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or processed, or if our processing of the information was based on your consent and there is no other legal basis on which we may process the information.
Right to object:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data – for example, you may object to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes or you may object to processing based on our legitimate interests, unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for our continued processing.
Right to restrict processing:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict our use of your personal information – for example, where you have challenged the accuracy of the information during the period where we are verifying its accuracy.
Right to data portability:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to receive the personal data that we hold about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. This right only applies in relation to personal data that you have provided to us and which is processed by us using automated means. Where the right applies, you may ask us to send the data directly to you or to a third party. However, we are not able to guarantee technical compatibility of the data we provide with a third party’s systems.
Complaints
If you are unhappy about our use of your personal information, you may contact us using the details in the “Contact and DPO” section below. We will investigate your complaint and notify you in writing of the outcome as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of receiving the complaint.
If you are unsatisfied with our response to your complaint, you may refer your concerns to the relevant supervisory authority in your country. In the United Kingdom, we are regulated by the Information Commissioner’s Office (“
ICO
”). You may make a complaint to the ICO using any of the following contact methods:
Telephone:
+44 (0) 303 123 1113
Website:
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
Post:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Contact
If you have any enquiries or if you would like to contact us about our processing of your personal information, including to exercise your rights as outlined above, please contact us by one of the methods listed below. When you contact us, we will ask you to verify your identity.
Telephone:
+44 (0) 20 7851 4060
Email:
privacy@geniussports.com
Post:
Data Protection Officer
Genius Sports Limited
1st floor
27 Soho Square
London
England
W1D 3QR
Sub-policy 6
https://www.geniussports.com/:
Welcome to the intelligent sports era.
Where AI meets sports data, possibilities unfold. The sports revolution starts here.
E
x
p
l
o
r
e
G
e
n
i
u
s
E
x
p
l
o
r
e
G
e
n
i
u
s
For the game-changers, record-breakers and story-makers
Teams & Leagues
From new ways to grow and own your fanbase, to cutting-edge performance analysis, unlock the power of your data.
Brands
Engage fans across the globe with thumb-stopping creative, sports-centric media buying, and game-changing gamification.
Content Owners
Discover the boundless power of real-time augmentation and start wowing audiences - new and old.
Sportsbooks
Tap into winning algorithms. Cut costs. Keep winning. With all your odds, risk and marketing needs in one place.
When it comes to sports fans, Genius Sports just gets it. It was super-easy to design ads at scale using live scores and stats from FIFA World Cup games. As a tournament sponsor, Coca-Cola needed to be a leading voice and Genius Sports helped us do exactly that.
Read full story
Genius is an important partner that helps us drive fan engagement in the sports betting space and beyond. Innovation has been, and continues to be, at the core of our relationship
Read full story
We first used the product in 2020 and on re-joining the Premier League, the software was a no-brainer. The ease of use has saved our department hours of data collection, allowing us to provide further tactical insights to coaches and players.
Read full story
Technology continues to drive how data is collected, analysed and presented. Working with Genius Sports' Second Spectrum technology enables Football DataCo to be at the cutting edge of what is possible, and we look forward to developing new ways of using data for our stakeholders.
Read full story
A new world of sport.
Built
on
Genius.
Beyond advertising.
Fan Activation
FANHub is not just an advertising platform. It’s a sports-first solution designed to help you understand, engage, and actively engage fans throughout their entire journey. Plan, build and execute omni-channel campaigns that create meaningful connections and drive results.
Explore FANHub
See how Coca-Cola scored 10% CTR rise at FIFA World Cup
Change the game
with AI insights
We’ve trained machines to understand sport.
Drive performance on-and-off the field – g
ive coaches powerful visual insights and
enable precise officiating decisions on even the tightest of calls.
Explore Perform
WNBA and Genius bring data tracking to every WNBA arena
Engage sports fans
everywhere
Lean on the best sports partnerships and fan data to get results faster. Immerse fans in the game they love with data-driven storytelling, gamification, personalised campaigns and live augmentation.
Explore Engage
Clippers and Genius power ground-breaking ClipperVision
Stake your
biggest bet yet
No risk, all reward. Drive revenue and keep players around longer with game-changing live betting experiences and the sharpest odds your sportsbook has ever seen.
Discover Bet
Genius Sports launches immersive sports betting experience BetVision
Our vision is to be everywhere in sports, redefining experiences through technology.
Meet Genius
650+
650+
650+
Partners
What's new at Genius?
Fan Engagement
24 Oct 2024
Whitepaper | How teams can harness fan data to monetise fans
Learn more
Podcast
June 16, 2024
#12 Stuart Wareman, Accor – Paris 2024, FIFA World Cup & PSG: Maximising global sponsorships
Advertising
10 Jun 2024
AI and Sponsorship | Enabling engaging content and valuable new inventory
Genius Sports
Advertising
31 May 2024
Sports Advertising Report 2024 | Trends from Nike, McDonald's and 100 top brands
Genius Sports
AI & Data
12 Apr 2024
The Future of Sports Content | How AI transforms the live experience
Genius Sports
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Vendor List
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Vendor Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label