Privacy Center
Find out more about our privacy practices and how we work to keep your information protected
Online Policy
Link to Online Privacy Notice page
Online Privacy Notice
Consumer Privacy Notices
Link to Banking page
Banking
Link to Credit Cards page
Credit Cards
Link to Home Loans page
Home Loans
Link to Identity Theft Protection page
Identity Theft Protection
Link to Personal Loans page
Personal Loans
Link to Student Loans page
Student Loans
California Residents
Link to California Notice at Collection section
California Notice at Collection
Link to California Consumer Privacy Act page
California Privacy Notice
Link to Make a Request page
Make a Request
Link to CPRA form
Make a Request to Opt out of Sharing
European Economic Area,
United Kingdom
and Swiss Data Subjects
Link to European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Swiss Online Privacy Notice page
European Economic Area,
United Kingdom
and Swiss Online Privacy Notice
Contact Us About Privacy
For questions, or to learn more about Discover Financial Services' privacy notices and practices, here's how you can reach us:
Phone
1-800-DISCOVER
(1-800-347-2683)
English/Español
Hearing/Speech Impaired
Dial 711 (Relay Service)
Mail
Discover Financial Services
Attn: Customer Service -
Privacy Inquiries
P.O Box 30943
Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0943
European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Swiss Data Subjects
with questions should follow the instructions
Link to European Union Online Privacy Statement page
here
to contact Discover.
Resources
Link to AdChoices page
AdChoices
Link to Privacy Glossary page
Privacy Glossary
Link to SMS Terms & Conditions page
SMS Terms & Conditions
Link to Terms of Use page
Terms of Use
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.discover.com/privacy-statement/online-privacy-statement.html:
Online Privacy Notice
You are here
Privacy Center
Online Privacy Notice
Print
Discover Financial Services Online Privacy Notice
Last updated: July 1, 2024
Online Privacy Notice
This Online Privacy Notice (“Notice”) describes how Discover Financial Services and its subsidiaries* (collectively, “Discover”, “our”, “us”, or “we”) collect, retain, use, process, share, and transfer your information on Discover.com and the other websites where this Notice appears (“Website”), within the Discover mobile apps ("Mobile Apps") (together with Website, "
Online Services
"), as well as when you interact with us on social media sites and apps, through emails, and advertisements displayed through online services operated by us or nonaffiliated third parties.
By using our Online Services or interacting with us online, you agree and consent to the terms and conditions of this Notice. For more information about privacy as it applies to your financial account, please see the
Consumer Privacy Notice
for the Discover product(s) you have.
* Discover Bank, DFS Services LLC, PULSE Network LLC, Diners Club International, Ltd., DFS Corporate Services LLC, DFS International Inc., Discover Products Inc., The Student Loan Corporation, Discover Ventures Inc., Discover Home Loans, Inc., Discover Services Corporation, and their affiliates and subsidiaries, including companies related by common ownership or control with a Discover or DFS name and financial companies such as GTC Insurance Agency, Inc.
Hide All
Show All
What Information Do We Collect Online
Our Online Services collect information that identifies you, as well as online data about you. The types of information we collect may depend on which Discover product(s) or service(s) you use.
We collect the following categories of information:
Contact Information
, such as first and last name, home or physical address, email address, telephone number, and any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual.
Sensitive Information and Other Personal Identifiers
, such as social security number, date of birth, government identifiers, account access credentials, biometric information, demographic data, and other sensitive information collected on an application.
Account or Application Information
, such account number (including credit or debit card number and details), account history, account balances, loan details, credit and income information, or enrollment in offers or alerts.
Device Information
, such as device ID, operating system, browser information, advertising ID,
operating system
,
IP address
, general location, geolocation data (including device location and certain device information using a cellular network location, Wi-Fi networks, browser services, mobile location services if turned on, or other information you provide).
Online Activity Data
, such as browsing history, interaction with our sites, and usage information (including which pages on our Website that you access, what you click on, and how long you access the Website).
Documents or images,
such as check images or documents submitted through our online portals.
Other
Personal Information
, such as third party bank information to complete a funds transfer, information you enter into a survey or chat, or any other information you may provide when using our Online Services.
Hide All
Show All
How We Collect Information Online
Our Online Services collect information in different ways when you use your computer or mobile device as well as when you visit Discover’s Online Services.
We collect information in the following ways:
Directly from you through use of our Online Services
, such as applications to open an account, registering for a new product, requests to enroll in offers and alerts, what you provide when you complete an online survey, when you click a link, and when you engage with our interactive chat functionality, we may record the conversation and the information you provide (this chat functionality may be an automated program and not a real person, and the information relating to your communications may be shared with our service provider(s)) .
Passively using our Online Services.
Our Online Services and some emails may use tracking tools like
cookies
and
pixel tags
. Our Online Services gather online data about you over time across multiple websites, other platforms, or other Mobile Apps. The information collected by our Online Services may be combined with other data that we obtain about you, including data from third parties and offline sources.
Learn how you can control tracking tools.
Additionally, we implement session replay technology that we use to better understand interactions with users of our Online Services. This session replay technology collects information about your interactions with our pages, including the duration of your visits to each page, the content you may have reviewed, the location of your clicks, and the way you navigate our Online Services.
From third parties
.
Our
Business Partners
and
Service Providers
may give us information about you. Additionally, we collect information about you from third parties, including social media sites and apps, and when you interact with the Discover brand on social media sites and apps or other
third-party websites
, including but not limited to Facebook, X (formerly known as Twitter), Pinterest, LinkedIn, Instagram and YouTube. Your use of such sites or apps and what information each social media site or app may share with us is subject to their privacy policies, terms of use, and privacy and advertising settings.
Note: never disclose any personal financial information on any social media site or app.
Hide All
Show All
How We Use Information We Collect Online
Information collected from and about you online as described in this Notice may be used for different purposes. We use information as identified below and as otherwise permitted by law and to comply with the law.
We use the information we collect from you to:
Deliver products and services.
We may use your information for processing an application or completing a transaction that you requested, for servicing and managing your accounts, redeeming your rewards, sending you an alert you signed up for, verifying your identity, providing customer service or support, and communicating with you about your account, products, or services.
Improve our products and services.
We may use your information to make our Online Services better and to customize your experience with us, including with analytics tools. We may combine information we get from you with information we get from third parties and other offline sources about you. We use technology that allows us to recreate a browser session to resolve customer concerns or improve our Online Services. We may use information that we get online to help us manage your account. Please see the
Consumer Privacy Notice
for the product(s) you have to learn more.
Security purposes
. We may use your information to protect our company, our customers, and our Online Services from fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and liabilities, and to manage risk. For example, if you have location services turned on while you are using the Mobile Apps, we may use that data to help identify potential fraudulent transactions.
Communicate with you about your account or our relationship.
We may contact you about your account, the services we provide to you, or for feedback. We may also contact you about this Notice or our
Terms of Use
. We use the contact information you provide to communicate with you. It is your responsibility to keep your contact information current with us.
Market to you.
We may use information we know about you from our Online Services, including your location information, to send you information about new products and special offers. These may come from us, our Business Partners, our Service Providers or third parties. We may tell you about new features or updates we think you will like. We may also use push notifications on our Mobile Apps.
Learn how to manage your choices for marketing communications
.
When you visit our Websites or open up our Mobile Apps, we may use information that allows us (or our Business Partners, Service Providers or third parties on our behalf) to send your computer or mobile device targeted messages and offers or to evaluate or improve the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We may use passive technologies such as cookies, location information, device-level advertising, user identifiers, and pixel tags to uniquely identify your computer or device and the pages you view within our Online Services as well as to provide information to us and third parties about sites and apps you visit after seeing Discover ads or offers.
Learn how you can control tracking tools.
Create aggregated and deidentified information.
We may use or modify information we collect about you in a manner that does not allow us to reasonably identify you. This information may be used to enable us to measure the number of visitors to our Online Services, track visitor activity, detect and prevent fraud, and to learn how to improve our Online Services. Once the information has been modified, we may use and share that information for our own business purposes where permissible under applicable laws and regulations.
Hide All
Show All
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect:
Among the Discover family of companies
,
including Discover Bank, current and future Discover subsidiaries or affiliates, with our Service Providers and Third Parties
. We may share information such as your phone number or email address with Service Providers who send texts or emails on our behalf; information regarding your use of our interactive chat functionality, including the contents of your communications, with our Service Providers who enable us to provide this service; information with companies that operate or analyze our Online Services; information with third parties who perform advertising services on our behalf.
With our Business Partners.
We may share information with our Business Partners to fulfill offers you request or to use your rewards toward a purchase; and with social media sites or apps if you click on a social media widget within our Online Services (for example, if you "like" us from our Website).
With credit bureaus.
We may share information with credit reporting agencies to report on or learn about your financial history and for other lawful purposes.
To comply with the law or to protect ourselves.
We may share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it in response to a government agency or investigatory body request. We may share information when we are investigating potential fraud.
With any successor to all or part of our business.
If all or part of our business is sold we may be required to give our customer information as part of that transaction.
With Third Parties at your request or with your authorization
.
For other reasons as we describe to you.
Please see the
Consumer Privacy Notice
for the product(s) you have to learn more.
Hide All
Show All
Managing Your Online Privacy Choices
You can update your account profile online or by phone. If you have online access to your account, you can view and update your account profile, including your contact information, by logging in to your Discover account and updating your profile page. You can also call us to make changes to your account profile or marketing preferences. To stop receiving our promotional emails or texts, you can follow the instructions in promotional messages you receive from Discover. Even if you opt out of receiving marketing messages, we may still send you transactional messages, including responses to your questions or information about your account including alerts related to suspected account fraud.
You can control preferences on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn off location services within your mobile device settings or Mobile Apps, decline to consent to location tracking when prompted by the Mobile Apps, or reject receiving push notifications on your device. If your operating system allows, you may choose to limit the Mobile Apps’ access to other information on your mobile device, including but not limited to the camera, contacts, or calendar. This may result in the loss of some of the Mobile Apps’ functionality.
See
About Our Ads
to learn about your advertising privacy choices.
Hide All
Show All
About Our Ads, Tracking and Your Choices
We use common tracking tools for a variety of reasons.
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies and other tracking tools. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. We use cookies and similar technologies to:
Recognize new or past customers;
Store your password if you are registered on our Website or Mobile Apps;
Improve our Website and Mobile Apps;
Serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising;
Observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms; and
Better understand the interests of our customers and our Website and Mobile Apps visitors.
Some of the tracking tools we use, including cookies, are essential for our services to work. Other tools are used to collect information regarding website usage (analytics and statistics) so that we can make the site improvements. Some cookies are temporary and will disappear when you close your browser, others are persistent and will stay on your device. We use various types of cookies as described in the chart below.
Type of Cookie
Description
Examples
Essential / Strictly necessary
These cookies are always on (persistent) when you visit our Online Services. You cannot turn them off unless you change your browser settings. These types of cookies make sure our Online Services function properly and are meeting visitor’s needs. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of our Online Services will not work, and this may affect your experience.
Cookies supporting login functionality; persistent cookies that save a user’s preferences; security cookies; multimedia content player; cookies that save a user’s preferences regarding technical data; load-balancing cookies for the duration of the online session.
Performance / Analytical
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our Online Services. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. These cookies generally collect aggregated information.
Cookies that measure and/or examine site traffic (e.g., Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics).
Functional (preference)
These cookies, also known as preference cookies, enable our Online Services to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If these cookies are turned off, some or all these services may not function properly.
Cookies that support web chat services and remember a user’s preferences for a more personalized browsing experience (e.g., language, font).
Advertising
These cookies and similar tracking tools, such as pixels and tags, may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to show you relevant advertisements on other sites. These are generally based on uniquely identifying your browser and/or device. By turning off these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies that remember you visited a site and social media cookies used to provide advertisements on social media platforms, such as third-party cookies.
Software Development Kits (“SDKs”)
SDKs are platform specific building tools used by developers. They can provide a developer with the ability to build a custom app that can be connected to another system. SDKs can be used to deliver technologies like cookies, within a mobile experience.
Android NDK; iOS SDK; Java Development Kit; Java Web Services Development Pack; and Microsoft Windows SDK.
We conduct interest-based/online behavioral advertising.
You may see Discover advertisements on other websites you visit from time to time. Some of these ads are based on your internet browsing history over time and across different websites or platforms, including Discover.com. This is called interest-based or online behavioral advertising and we collect information this way and have Service Providers and third parties that collect information this way. Discover uses this to target its advertising more effectively. Interest-based advertising includes ads served to you after you leave our Website, encouraging you to return and ads we think are relevant based on your shopping habits or online activities. These ads may be about our products or other companies' products and served by us or third parties via websites, apps or in emails or direct mail.
We work with third parties who help gather information about you for interest-based advertising.
To decide what is relevant to you, we use information you make available to us when you interact with us, our affiliates, and other third parties. We gather this information using the tracking tools described above. For example, we or our Service Providers or Business Partners may look at your purchases or browsing behaviors. We may look at these activities on our platforms or the platforms of others. Additionally, third parties may link your name or email address, for example, to other information they collect including past purchases made offline or online, or online usage information.
Opting out of Internet based/online behavioral advertising.
There are several ways you can opt out of interest-based advertising:
You can generally opt out of receiving interest-based ads from Discover or its partners
using this tool
. *
You can opt out right from the ad itself. Ads served using interest-based advertising may have an Advertising Option icon in the ad. If you see that icon on Discover ads, you can click on it and you will then get an option to opt out. *
We participate in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising, which provides consumers with the ability to
opt out of having their online behavior recorded
and used for advertising purposes generally. To learn more about AdChoices, or to opt out of interest-based advertising with nonaffiliated third party sites, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice Tool or
Network Advertising Initiative’s Opt-Out Tool
. *
On mobile devices you can control device-level advertising privacy settings.
*Using this method, your choice will be stored as a cookie and will be specific to the browser or device which was used to make the selection. You will need to opt out separately on all your browsers and devices. If your browser or device blocks cookies, you remove or delete cookies, or access our Online Services using a different browser or device, you may need to renew your preferences.
You can control tracking tools on our Online Services.
Industry standards continue to evolve around browser-level "do not track" settings. Your browser may give you the ability to control tracking tools like cookies and pixel tags. You may enable a tool at the browser or device level that automatically communicates opt-out preferences, such as Global Privacy Control (“GPC”), as required by applicable law. We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt-out for the browser or device you are using at that time. Certain browsers can be set to clear past and reject future tracking tools. If you block tracking tools on your browser, certain features of our Online Services may not work. Additionally, if you block or delete tracking tools, not all the tracking activities we have described here will stop since choices you make are both browser and device specific.
We also advertise in other ways.
If you opt out of interest-based ads, you may still see Discover ads. These are ads that are not based on your Internet browsing history and may be generic while others may be targeted to you or an advertising segment you are in. The websites or services where targeted ads appear will have instructions about how to modify your advertising preferences within those sites. We encourage you to review those instructions and settings.
California residents covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act may have additional rights. Please see the
California Privacy Notice
for more information.
Customer Service and Non-Solicitation
For general customer service and non-solicitation requests (please contact Discover Customer Service at 1-800-DISCOVER (1-800-347-2683) or via chat message (if an existing customer) at
https://www.discover.com/credit-cards/help-center/contact-us/
to submit your specific request.
Hide All
Show All
Additional Information
Information
Retention
We may keep Personal Information as long as necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Notice or as otherwise required by law. Actual retention periods vary depending on particular services and products. We use the following to determine retention periods:
Personal Information needed to provide our services and products as described in this Notice (for example, to provide access to Websites and Mobile Apps);
Personal Information needed for auditing purposes;
Personal Information needed to troubleshoot problems or to assist with investigations;
Personal Information needed to enforce our policies; and
Personal Information needed to comply with legal requirements.
Regulations require all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person for whom we open or have established an account. It is the policy of Discover that our records reflect our customer’s name, physical address, date of birth, and identification number. With respect to records such as customer applications, account statements, and payments on the account, Discover generally retains those records for a minimum of seven years.
If you use our Mobile Apps, you may contact us about deleting your account or by deleting your account through the application itself, if applicable. Please note that deleting the Mobile App will not delete your Discover account, and we will need to maintain information to service your account. Additionally, as a regulated financial institution, we have certain legal obligations to retain certain information for regulatory compliance purposes.
Third-party data sharing
Linking to other sites
. There are times we may provide you with a link to a website or application operated by a third-party, such as social media sites, for your convenience, or because we have a relationship with the third party. We do not provide the products or services on a third party website or app and cannot guarantee the security of your personal information, the accuracy of any financial tools that may be advertised or available on the website, or their applicability to your circumstances. We recommend reviewing the applicable privacy and security policies and terms and conditions of the website you are visiting.
Data Aggregation
. Companies may offer data aggregation software and services on their websites where you can share information from a variety of sources, such as your accounts with us, to consolidate data for analysis in one location. By participating in these services, you may be required to authorize access to your accounts with us by inputting Personal Information such as user ID, password, or account number. If you utilize these types of services, you should ensure that the service provider has appropriate privacy policies, practices, and security for the information you are providing. We are not responsible for those third-party practices including use or disclosure of any Personal Information. When you provide your Personal Information to a third party, we consider that you have authorized any actions through use of the information you have provided.
Our Online Services may link to third-party services or apps that we do not control.
This Notice does not apply to the privacy practices of any third-party websites or apps. Please carefully read the privacy practices of other websites or apps.
Children
Our Online Services are not intended for children.
Our Online Services are meant for adults and are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or legal guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us at
privacy@discover.com
. You can also write to us at Discover Financial Services, Attn: Privacy Compliance, P.O. Box 795, Deerfield, IL 60015 USA. Please mark your inquiries "COPPA Information Request."
Security
We use standard security measures on our Online Services.
To protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, we use security measures that comply with federal law, including computer safeguards and controls. However, the Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our Online Services will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. For example, do not use our Online Services on
jailbroken or rooted devices
and do not share your passwords.
Social Security Number Protection.
Discover protects your Social Security number through our policies and procedures which:
Protect the confidentiality of Social Security numbers;
Prohibit the unlawful disclosure of Social Security numbers; and
Limit access to Social Security numbers to employees or others with legitimate business purposes.
These protections apply to all Social Security numbers collected or retained in any way by Discover in connection with customer, commercial, employee, or all other relationships. Individuals applying for or obtaining a product or service from us to be used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes may obtain more information by reviewing the applicable
Consumer Privacy Notice
.
We store information in the United States of America
. If you live outside of the United States of America (“U.S.”), you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the U.S. Our Online Services and associated practices are subject to applicable U.S. laws.
Notice Updates.
We may change this Notice from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes as required by law, such as by posting the revised Notice on this page with a new "last updated" date. Please check the Website and Mobile App periodically for updates.
Feel free to
contact us
if you have any questions.
Hide All
Show All
Back to Top
You are leaving Discover.com
You are leaving Discover.com and entering a website operated by a third party. We are providing the link to this website for your convenience, or because we have a relationship with the third party. Discover Bank does not provide the products and services on the website. Please review the applicable privacy and security policies and terms and conditions for the website you are visiting. Discover Bank does not guarantee the accuracy of any financial tools that may be available on the website or their applicability to your circumstances. For personal advice regarding your financial situation, please consult with a financial advisor.
Close X
Close and return to pulsenetwork.com
discover.com,card.discover.com,discovernetwork.com,discovercard.com,discoverglobalnetwork.com,discovernetwork.ca,info.evidon.com/pub_info/1142?v=1,investorrelations.discover.com,jobs.discover.com,mydiscovercareer.com,portal.discover.com,servicecenter.discoverglobalnetwork.com,creditscorecard.com,dinersclub.com,discoverglobalnetwork.com,discovernetwork.com,discoverstudentloans.com,pulsenetwork.com,homeloans.discover.com,discover.app.link,discover.supplierone.co,discover.versaic.com,stage-wcm.discover.com,dev-wcm.discover.com,prod-cs-pub1.dfs.adobecqms.net,prod-cs-pub2.dfs.adobecqms.net,prod-cs-pub3.dfs.adobecqms.net,dfs-cs-prod65-uswest1.adobecqms.net,dfs-cs-prod65-useast1.adobecqms.net,publish1useast1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,publish2useast1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,publish1uswest1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,javascript:void(0),mailto:,tel:,ftp:,content.pulsenetwork.com,www1.pulsenetwork.com,pulsenetwork.com/pn,discoverdebit.com,event.on24.com,debitmarketinghub.com
Sub-policy 1
https://www.discover.com/privacy-statement/california-privacy-notice.html:
California Privacy Notice
You are here
Privacy Center
California Privacy Notice
Print
California Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice for California Residents
This California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure (“Disclosure”) explains how Discover Financial Services and its subsidiaries* (collectively, “Discover”, “our”, “us” or “we”) collect, use, disclose, share, and retain Personal Information subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CCPA”).
This Disclosure applies solely to California residents and covers both online and offline practices (e.g., phone and in-person).
* Discover Bank, DFS Services LLC, PULSE Network LLC, Diners Club International, Ltd., DFS Corporate Services LLC, DFS International Inc., Discover Products Inc., The Student Loan Corporation, Discover Ventures Inc., Discover Home Loans, Inc., Discover Services Corporation, and their affiliates and subsidiaries, including companies related by common ownership or control with a Discover or DFS name and financial companies such as GTC Insurance Agency, Inc.
What is Personal Information?
Under the CCPA, “Personal Information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, or could reasonably be linked with a particular California resident or household. The CCPA, however, does not apply to certain information, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”). As a result, this Disclosure does not apply, for example, with respect to information that we collect about California residents who apply for or obtain our financial products and services for personal, family, or household purposes (“GLBA Consumers”).
For more information about how we collect, disclose, and secure information relating to our GLBA Consumers, please refer to our
Consumer Privacy Notices
. If you have an account relationship with us, you are also able to access important account, transaction, and other information by logging in to your secure account at
Discover.com
.
Our Information Practices Regarding Personal Information
We collect, use, disclose, share, and retain Personal Information relating to California residents in a variety of contexts, as described below. For example, we collect Personal Information relating to California residents for marketing purposes and from individuals who apply for employment with us or are our employees, vendors, contractors, or similar personnel. The specific Personal Information that we collect, use, disclose, share, and retain, relating to a California resident, will depend on our specific relationship or interaction with that individual.
In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of Personal Information relating to California residents:
Begin 12 item list
Personal identifiers
, such as name and mailing address;
Personal Information, as defined in the California Customer Records statute
, such as contact information and financial information;
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
, such as age, citizenship, and marital status;
Commercial information
, such as transaction and account information;
Internet or electronic network activity information
, such as browsing history and interactions with our website;
Geolocation data
, such as device location and certain device information;
Biometric data,
such as faceprint or a voiceprint;
Sensory data
, such as call recordings, audio, electronic, visual, and similar information;
Professional or employment-related information
, such as current employment information or employment history;
Education information
, such as school and date of graduation;
Inferences
drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics; and
Sensitive Personal Information
, such as certain government identifiers (e.g., social security number, driver’s license number, state identification card number, passport number); account access credentials; or biometric information for the purposes of uniquely identifying a California resident.  For employees, former employees, or applicants, examples of Sensitive Personal Information may also include racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, health information, or sex life or sexual orientation.
We may keep Personal Information as long as necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Disclosure or as otherwise required by law. Actual retention periods vary depending on product and service. We use the following to determine retention periods: Personal Information that is needed to provide our products and services as described in this Disclosure, for auditing purposes, to troubleshoot problems or assist with investigations, to enforce our policies and to comply with legal requirements. Laws and regulations require all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person for whom we open or have established an account. It is the policy of Discover that our records reflect our customer’s name, physical address, date of birth, and identification number. With respect to records such as customer applications, account statements, and payments on the account, Discover generally retains those records for a minimum of seven years.
In the past 12 months, we have collected the categories of Personal Information set forth above from the following categories of sources:
Begin 9 item list
Directly from
you
;
Discover affiliates and subsidiaries
;
Online and mobile app services
, including cookies, pixel tags, beacons, and software development kits;
Consumer reporting agencies
;
Data analytics providers
;
Government entities
, including federal, state, or local government(s), or
other public sources
;
Third parties
such as social networks and advertising networks;
Businesses or Nonbusinesses
that you have authorized or directed to disclose your information to us; and
Service providers or contractors,
with whom we have a contractual relationship to perform services on our behalf, or that you have authorized or directed to disclose your information with including data brokers as defined under California law.
We may collect Personal Information to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, for our employment and vendor management purposes, and to accomplish our business purposes and objectives. For example, we use the Personal Information we collect to:
Begin 13 item list
Personalize, develop, market, advertise, and provide our products and services (including analytic services);
Provide customer service;
Process payments or transactions, provide financing, or fulfill orders;
Help to ensure security and integrity;
Conduct research and data analysis;
Perform identity verification;
Maintain our systems, infrastructure, and facilities including debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Maintain or service accounts;
Conduct risk and security control and monitoring;
Perform audit functions, including auditing interactions with consumers;
Maintain and enhance a product or service;
Verify and provide employment benefits and administration (e.g., employment eligibility, payroll, and performance management); and
Conduct other internal functions, such as investigations or research for technology development, comply with legal obligations, maintain business records, and exercise and defend legal claims and rights.
We do not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than as specified in CCPA.
In the past 12 months, we have disclosed (see how we help keep your information
secure
) the following categories of Personal Information relating to California residents to the following categories for our business purposes, as indicated:
Begin 8 item list
Personal identifiers
, such as name and mailing address,
Personal Information, as defined in the California Customer Records statute
, such as contact information and financial information, and
Professional or employment-related information
, such as current employment information or employment history, have been disclosed to Discover affiliates and subsidiaries, service providers, regulatory agencies, law enforcement, and other government entities, consumer reporting agencies, social networks/advertising networks, and data analytics providers;
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
, such as age, citizenship, and marital status, and
Education information
such as school and date of graduation, have been disclosed to Discover affiliates and subsidiaries, service providers, regulatory agencies, law enforcement, and other government entities, consumer reporting agencies, and data analytics providers;
Commercial information
, such as transaction and account information, has been disclosed to Discover affiliates and subsidiaries, service providers, and regulatory agencies, law enforcement, and other government entities;
Internet or electronic network activity information
, such as browsing history and interactions with our website, has been disclosed to Discover affiliates and subsidiaries, service providers, and consumer reporting agencies, social networks/advertising networks, and data analytics providers;
Geolocation data
, such as device location and certain device information, has been disclosed to Discover affiliates and subsidiaries, service providers, and data analytics providers;
Sensory data,
such as call recordings, has been disclosed to Discover affiliates and subsidiaries, service providers, regulatory agencies, law enforcement, and other government entities, and social networks;
Inferences
drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above has been disclosed to Discover affiliates and subsidiaries; and
Sensitive Personal Information
such as certain government identifiers (e.g., social security number, driver’s license, state identification card, passport number); account access credentials; or processing of biometric information for the purposes of uniquely identify a California resident has been disclosed to Discover affiliates and subsidiaries, service providers, regulatory agencies, law enforcement and other government entities, and consumer reporting agencies.  For employees, former employees or applicants, examples of Sensitive Personal Information may also include racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, health information, or sex life or sexual orientation has been disclosed to Discover affiliates and subsidiaries, service providers, regulatory agencies, law enforcement and other government entities.
Additionally, we have disclosed Personal Information to Business or Nonbusiness third parties based upon the consent or at the direction of a California resident to disclose the information.
In the past 12 months, we have shared
Personal Identifiers and Internet or electronic network activities information
with social networks/advertising networks, and data analytics providers to personalize, market, and advertise our products and services. Discover does not share Personal Information of employees, former employees, job applicants, or minors under 16 years of age. For purposes of this Disclosure, “share” means sharing a consumer’s Personal Information with a third party for cross-contextual behavioral advertising for monetary or other valuable consideration or for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged.
In the past 12 months, based upon our actual knowledge, we have not “sold” Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information relating to California residents (including minors under 16 years of age).  For purposes of this Disclosure, “sold” means the disclosure of Personal Information to a business or third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Your Rights Under the CCPA
If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights over the Personal Information we have about you.  You may request the following:
Begin 6 item list
The categories of Personal Information that we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such information;
The business or commercial purposes for collecting Personal Information about you; the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such Personal Information (if applicable); the categories of Personal Information that we disclosed for a business purpose, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that category of Personal Information (if applicable);
Access to specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
Deletion of Personal Information that we collected from you;
Correction of Personal Information that may be inaccurate;
Limitations regarding the use of your Sensitive Personal Information; and
Opt-out of sharing Personal Information with third parties for targeted advertising purposes. Exercising this right may result in less targeted or personalized advertising on other digital properties that relate to Discover’s products and services. For more information regarding targeted advertising, see
About Our Ads
section of our Online Privacy Notice.
In some instances, we may decline to honor your request where an exception applies, such as where the disclosure of Personal Information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another consumer, where the Personal Information that we maintain about you is not subject to CCPA requirements, or where the Personal Information is a trade secret. We may also decline to honor your request if we cannot verify your identity or confirm that the Personal Information that we maintain relates to you, or if we cannot verify that you have the authority to make a request on behalf of another individual.
The CCPA also sets forth exceptions for when a business is not required to delete Personal Information, including but not limited to, where it is reasonably necessary to maintain Personal Information to provide a good or service that you requested, comply with a legal obligation, or to help ensure security and integrity.  As you would reasonably expect, the Sensitive Personal Information we collect, use, and disclose is done so to provide goods and services you requested, thus we cannot limit the use of your Sensitive Personal Information.
Furthermore, we may decline the request to correct Personal Information depending on the nature of the Personal Information, the accuracy of the request, how the information was obtained and the business purposes for which the information was collected, maintained, or used.  To maintain integrity, security and accuracy of your pertinent account information, request for changes may be honored by calling 1-800-DISCOVER or through your account log-in on Discover.com.
Nonetheless, you have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
How to Make a Request
If you are a California resident, you may submit a request by:
Submit a request
to access, delete, or correct your Personal Information:
Online
or call us at 1-800-347-0316 to speak to an agent. By submitting a request, we will search for your personal Discover Bank information in connection with our products including banking, credit cards, home loans, personal loans, and student loans.
Employees, former employees, or job applicants may also submit a request
online
. By submitting a request via this link, we will search for your Personal Information within our employment or application records.
Submit a request to opt-out of “sharing” using this
form
. We may use a cookie to immediately effectuate your requests; however, clearing your cookies on this browser or using another browser or device may result in your information being shared. Additionally, you may enable a tool at the browser or device level that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt-out for the browser or device you are using at that time; this may require separate opt-out on other browsers or devices that you use to visit our website.
For information related to
PULSE
,
Diners Club International
, and
Discover Global Network
, you may click the appropriate link to visit the website and follow the instructions in the Disclosure for California Residents.
You may only exercise your rights to receive specific pieces of Personal Information twice within a 12-month period. The request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information, or you are an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
To respond to your request for access, correction, or deletion, we must verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information in our systems relates to you or the person for whom you are authorized to make the request. We will use Personal Information provided by you, including your name, home address, email address, date of birth, last four digits of your Social Security number, and telephone number, for security purposes and to verify your identity to make the request.  We will provide you with an identification code via a one-time text message or one-time prerecorded voice message at the telephone number you provide. You will need to provide this identification code to us to continue with your request.  We use a third-party identity verification service to assist with ensuring that you are properly authenticated prior to fulfilling your request.
If you intend to submit a request on behalf of someone else, we must have on file or you must provide to us sufficient documentation, such as an appropriate power of attorney, guardian, conservator or trustee or other such verification confirming you have the authority to act on behalf of the individual for whom you are submitting the request. To submit a request on behalf of someone else, you must call us at 1-800-347-0316.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding the above-mentioned rights or our practices under the CCPA, please call us at 1-800-347-0316
.
For general questions, or to learn more about Discover’s consumer privacy notices and practices, please follow these
Link to Privacy Statement Contact Us page
instructions
to contact us.
Changes to This California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure
We may change or update this Disclosure from time to time. When we do, we will post the revised Disclosure on this page. This Disclosure was last updated on October 11, 2024.
Transparency Report
Our
transparency report
is compiled in accordance with California Code of Regulations, Title 11, § 7102.
You are leaving Discover.com
You are leaving Discover.com and entering a website operated by a third party. We are providing the link to this website for your convenience, or because we have a relationship with the third party. Discover Bank does not provide the products and services on the website. Please review the applicable privacy and security policies and terms and conditions for the website you are visiting. Discover Bank does not guarantee the accuracy of any financial tools that may be available on the website or their applicability to your circumstances. For personal advice regarding your financial situation, please consult with a financial advisor.
Close X
Close and return to pulsenetwork.com
discover.com,card.discover.com,discovernetwork.com,discovercard.com,discoverglobalnetwork.com,discovernetwork.ca,info.evidon.com/pub_info/1142?v=1,investorrelations.discover.com,jobs.discover.com,mydiscovercareer.com,portal.discover.com,servicecenter.discoverglobalnetwork.com,creditscorecard.com,dinersclub.com,discoverglobalnetwork.com,discovernetwork.com,discoverstudentloans.com,pulsenetwork.com,homeloans.discover.com,discover.app.link,discover.supplierone.co,discover.versaic.com,stage-wcm.discover.com,dev-wcm.discover.com,prod-cs-pub1.dfs.adobecqms.net,prod-cs-pub2.dfs.adobecqms.net,prod-cs-pub3.dfs.adobecqms.net,dfs-cs-prod65-uswest1.adobecqms.net,dfs-cs-prod65-useast1.adobecqms.net,publish1useast1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,publish2useast1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,publish1uswest1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,javascript:void(0),mailto:,tel:,ftp:,content.pulsenetwork.com,www1.pulsenetwork.com,pulsenetwork.com/pn,discoverdebit.com,event.on24.com,debitmarketinghub.com
Sub-policy 2
https://www.discover.com/privacy-statement/eu-data.html:
EEA, UK and Swiss Online Privacy Notice
You are here
Privacy Center
EEA, UK and Swiss Online Privacy Notice
Your online privacy
We may interact with you in a variety of ways online. From Discover websites, to our mobile apps,
online services
and presence on social media sites and apps—this European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Swiss Online Privacy Notice (“EEA, UK & Swiss Privacy Notice”) covers how Discover Financial Services treats your information.
EEA, UK & Swiss Privacy Notice
Rights for European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Swiss Data Subjects
This supplement is being furnished to individuals in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom (“UK”), and Switzerland to provide additional information required by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation and its equivalent laws in the UK and Switzerland.
What Are Your Rights Under EEA, UK and Swiss Privacy Law
We adhere to applicable data protection laws in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, when relevant and appropriate. If you are a data subject located in one of these places, this means that:
if we process your personal data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time for further processing;
you have the right to request access to, rectification or deletion of your personal data;
you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data;
you have the right to request us to transfer your personal data to another controller;
you have the right to request us to restrict the processing of your personal data;
you have the right to file a complaint with us; and
you have the right to file a complaint with the appropriate Supervisory Authority based on the location of (i) your habitual residence, (ii) place of work, or (iii) where the alleged infringement happened.
The above rights are subject to legal restrictions, as provided by the applicable privacy law.
When we process your personal data, we rely on specific legal grounds. When we process your personal data, we do so with your consent and/or as necessary to provide our services and products, fulfill our contractual and legal obligations, or other legitimate interests as described in the sections "About the Information We Collect," "How We Use Information We Collect" and "What We Share." For example, we may process your personal data in order to (i) fulfill a contract with you or one between you and another party, such as a merchant or payment processor, (ii) support our Business Continuity Program, help prevent fraud and security incidents, or support our corporate governance, or (iii) comply with applicable law. We also process your personal data to support our legitimate interests, such as (i) to improve our products and services and (ii) to help prevent fraud and manage other risks.
You may access, correct, or delete some personal and account information online by logging into your account.
International Data Transfer
We rely on standard contractual clauses to govern the transfer of information between entities, when and if required. We may transfer personal data to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected. Such countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the data. When we transfer your personal data to the United States, we will protect the data as described in this EEA, UK & Swiss Privacy Notice.
When your personal data are transferred from the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, it is the responsibility of the data exporter to ensure that such transfers are done in compliance with relevant data protection law. Where we are the data exporter, we put in place appropriate measures for such transfers to happen in compliance therewith. If you have more questions on when such situations might take place, you can send an e-mail to us at
privacy@discover.com
.
Automated Decision-Making and Profiling
. We sometimes use analytics and profiling tools in order to understand how individuals use our products and services. We may also use these tools for other business information purposes such as product development. These tools support our ability to improve our products and services. Additionally, we utilize the resultant information to help prevent security and fraud events. Discover will not make any automated decisions about you that may significantly impact you unless (1) such a decision is necessary as part of a contract with you, (2) we have your explicit consent, or (3) required by applicable law.
Inquiries
If you wish to exercise the above mentioned rights under EEA, UK, or Swiss data protection laws, or if you have any questions about this EEA, UK & Swiss Privacy Notice, please send an email to
privacy@discover.com
, or by writing to us at:
Discover Financial Services
Attn: Privacy Compliance
P.O. Box 795
Deerfield IL 60015
USA
To comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) we have appointed a European representative. If you wish to contact them, their details are as follows:
Bird & Bird GDPR Representative Services SRL
Deloitte House
29 Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2, D02 AY28
Ireland
EUrepresentative.DiscoverBank@twobirds.com
Main point of contact: Vincent Rezzouk-Hammachi
Additionally, if you are in the UK, you may contact our representative at:
Diners Club International
The Ark
Attn: GDPR Representative
201 Talgarth Rd, Level One
Hammersmith, London, W6 8BJ
UK
In your communication, please include the following information so that we may adequately address your request:
Full name
Physical address(es) on file with Discover
Phone number
We reserve the right to decline requests in accordance with applicable law. EEA, UK, and Swiss data subjects may also contact their respective Supervisory Authority with any questions about our privacy practices.
Back to Top
You are leaving Discover.com
You are leaving Discover.com and entering a website operated by a third party. We are providing the link to this website for your convenience, or because we have a relationship with the third party. Discover Bank does not provide the products and services on the website. Please review the applicable privacy and security policies and terms and conditions for the website you are visiting. Discover Bank does not guarantee the accuracy of any financial tools that may be available on the website or their applicability to your circumstances. For personal advice regarding your financial situation, please consult with a financial advisor.
Close X
Close and return to pulsenetwork.com
discover.com,card.discover.com,discovernetwork.com,discovercard.com,discoverglobalnetwork.com,discovernetwork.ca,info.evidon.com/pub_info/1142?v=1,investorrelations.discover.com,jobs.discover.com,mydiscovercareer.com,portal.discover.com,servicecenter.discoverglobalnetwork.com,creditscorecard.com,dinersclub.com,discoverglobalnetwork.com,discovernetwork.com,discoverstudentloans.com,pulsenetwork.com,homeloans.discover.com,discover.app.link,discover.supplierone.co,discover.versaic.com,stage-wcm.discover.com,dev-wcm.discover.com,prod-cs-pub1.dfs.adobecqms.net,prod-cs-pub2.dfs.adobecqms.net,prod-cs-pub3.dfs.adobecqms.net,dfs-cs-prod65-uswest1.adobecqms.net,dfs-cs-prod65-useast1.adobecqms.net,publish1useast1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,publish2useast1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,publish1uswest1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,javascript:void(0),mailto:,tel:,ftp:,content.pulsenetwork.com,www1.pulsenetwork.com,pulsenetwork.com/pn,discoverdebit.com,event.on24.com,debitmarketinghub.com
Sub-policy 3
https://www.discover.com/privacy-statement/privacy-glossary.html:
Privacy Glossary
You are here
Privacy Center
Privacy Glossary
Privacy Glossary
Affiliates:
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Discover affiliates include companies with a Discover or DFS name and financial companies such as Diners Club International Ltd., PULSE Network LLC, The Student Loan Corporation, and GTC Insurance Agency, Inc.
Browser:
An application used for accessing sites or information on a computer network. Examples include Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome, and Firefox.
Business Partners:
Companies we partner with to jointly market and/or deliver products and services to you. Business Partners include affinity or co-brand Business Partners. For example, we partner with Amazon to offer customers the option to "Pay with Cashback Bonus" at Amazon.com. We also partner with certain organizations, like trade associations, to offer financial products using their organizational logo.
Cookies:
Cookies are small pieces of text that are placed in your browser by the websites you visit and the advertising companies and content partners for those sites.
Consumer Privacy Statement:
A Discover product-specific privacy notice, which we provide to customers at account opening and annually thereafter, as required by law. It generally describes our privacy practices and provides you with the right to opt-out of certain types of information sharing.
GPS (Global Positioning System):
When activated, this identifies a user's precise location.
IP address:
A unique "Internet Protocol" number assigned to a device connected to the Internet.
Jailbroken or rooted device:
A mobile device that has been altered to remove the controls and limits of the operating system or carrier.
Online services:
Websites such as discover.com and mobile apps provided by Discover Financial Services.
Operating system:
Software that controls the operation of a computer and directs the processing of programs, such as Microsoft Windows or Apple Mac OS.
Personal Information:
Any information relating to, describing, capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with an identified or identifiable person or household.
Pixel tags:
Enables two websites to share information. It consists of a small piece of software code that incorporates a graphic image on a web page or e-mail.
Service Providers:
Third parties with whom we have a contractual relationship to perform services on our behalf. Service Providers may not use personal information for any other purpose other than carrying out the services.
Session:
The time from when a customer is logged in to when the customer is logged out.
Social media site:
An online platform that allows users to create a public profile and interact with other users on the website, such as Facebook or LinkedIn.
Third-party websites:
Sites that are not owned or operated by Discover and are not subject to our Online Privacy Statement.
Back to Top
You are leaving Discover.com
You are leaving Discover.com and entering a website operated by a third party. We are providing the link to this website for your convenience, or because we have a relationship with the third party. Discover Bank does not provide the products and services on the website. Please review the applicable privacy and security policies and terms and conditions for the website you are visiting. Discover Bank does not guarantee the accuracy of any financial tools that may be available on the website or their applicability to your circumstances. For personal advice regarding your financial situation, please consult with a financial advisor.
Close X
Close and return to pulsenetwork.com
discover.com,card.discover.com,discovernetwork.com,discovercard.com,discoverglobalnetwork.com,discovernetwork.ca,info.evidon.com/pub_info/1142?v=1,investorrelations.discover.com,jobs.discover.com,mydiscovercareer.com,portal.discover.com,servicecenter.discoverglobalnetwork.com,creditscorecard.com,dinersclub.com,discoverglobalnetwork.com,discovernetwork.com,discoverstudentloans.com,pulsenetwork.com,homeloans.discover.com,discover.app.link,discover.supplierone.co,discover.versaic.com,stage-wcm.discover.com,dev-wcm.discover.com,prod-cs-pub1.dfs.adobecqms.net,prod-cs-pub2.dfs.adobecqms.net,prod-cs-pub3.dfs.adobecqms.net,dfs-cs-prod65-uswest1.adobecqms.net,dfs-cs-prod65-useast1.adobecqms.net,publish1useast1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,publish2useast1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,publish1uswest1.prod.dfs-cs-65.adobecqms.net,javascript:void(0),mailto:,tel:,ftp:,content.pulsenetwork.com,www1.pulsenetwork.com,pulsenetwork.com/pn,discoverdebit.com,event.on24.com,debitmarketinghub.com