Private
TRADE
BANK
INSPIRE
HELP
Professionals
Institutional
Careers
Group
en
Website & App Privacy Policy
We value your privacy. This Website & App privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how we process your personal data in connection with our services.
If you have an account with us, we also collect and process personal data in connection with our services. You may refer to our separate
Account Privacy Policy
in this respect.
1. Who we are
Swissquote Bank Ltd (“Swissquote” or “we”) is the controller of your data. Swissquote is headquartered at Chemin de la Crétaux 33, 1196 Gland. Swissquote is part of the Swissquote group (the “Swissquote Group”).
2. What information we collect about you
2.1 Information you share with us
We collect information you share with us when you use our website and app. The data we process may include registration data (e.g. your login information), communication data in relation to any enquiry by or contact with you (including any forms or message sent via our website or app); location-based data, technical data and behavioural and preference data.
2.2 Information we collect or receive from other sources
When you visit our website, we may collect or receive your IP address, URL, browser information, plug-in types, operating system and platform as well as your login information. We work closely with third parties (e.g. business partners, technical, payment and delivery service providers, advertising networks, tracking and analytics providers, data aggregators, lead generation agencies, public sources, third party social networking sites and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. Such information may include your clickstream through our website, the products you viewed and the page interactions, your personal contact information (if you are referred to us by an introducing broker or a friend), any personal data that is part of your profile on a third party social network (e.g. Facebook) and that you allow that third party social network to share with us (e.g. name, email address, gender, birthday, city, country, interests, profile picture, user ID, friend list). You can learn more about the data that we may obtain about you by visiting the website of the relevant third party social network.
We may also receive personal data about individuals when we acquire other companies.
When receiving data from third parties (which have collected such data in their own responsibility), we consider that such third parties are authorised to provide the relevant data to us and – unless otherwise indicated by the relevant third parties – have allowed us to process such data in accordance with this Policy.
2.3 Information we collect using cookies
We, or our third party providers, may also use cookies to collect information about you. This helps us to provide you with a good experience while you use our website. See section 6 of this Policy for more details.
3. How we use the information about you
We use the information about you to carry out our obligations arising from the laws and regulations applicable to us or any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us (e.g. to establish and manage your account with us or register you to our events); to provide you with customer service, including response to your inquiries or complaints; to provide you with marketing information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about if you have agreed to receive such information through an opt-in mechanism or as an existing customer; or to keep you up to date about general Swissquote news.
We also use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeated visits to our website. To that effect, we may combine data collected from one source (e.g. a website) with data collected from another source (e.g. an offline event), so as to provide us with a more complete view of you as a customer and serve you better and with greater personalisation, such as: improving and personalizing your experience on websites; improve our offers; provide you with marketing communications where you have opted-in to receiving such communications (unless you are an existing customer, in which case you may always opt out of such communication in the future at any time).
We may share your information with affiliated companies within the Swissquote Group, third party service providers, business partners (such as introducing brokers, assets managers, banks and other financial institutions), judicial bodies or regulators.
Information that we collect and maintain may be transferred to, or controlled and processed inside or outside of Switzerland and the European Economic Area (“EEA”),
including to countries that do not offer an adequate level of data protection
from a Swiss and European law viewpoint. In particular, our service providers might be based in the United States of America. Entities of the Swissquote Group have their seat in the countries listed on our Support – Contact page on our website.
We only collect the minimum amount of data needed and anonymize and/or aggregate data where compatible with the purpose of the processing.
4. Your rights
4.1 Overview of your rights
You are entitled to submit a request to us at the address set forth under clause 9, to:
- request the completion or correction of your personal data that is incomplete or inaccurate; - restrict or object to the processing of your personal data; - erase your personal data; - receive, or request Swissquote to transmit to another designated person or entity, your personal data that Swissquote holds about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format; and - wherever processing of your personal data by Swissquote is based on your consent, withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data.
4.2 Formalities & Limitations
When you submit a request to exercise your rights, we may require that you provide information to confirm your identity.
The exercise of the abovementioned rights (e.g. your objection to the processing of your personal data or withdrawal of any previously given consent) may prevent us from providing you with all or part of our services. If we consider that, by agreeing to your request, we would no longer be able to provide our services to you in a manner that fulfils our quality standards, we may decide to terminate our relationship with you.
The abovementioned rights may also be limited – for example when we are required to obtain and process your personal data to comply with applicable law and regulation, to assert or defend against legal claims, or when we have other legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests and rights. We may therefore be entitled to continue processing your personal data even after you have chosen to withdraw your consent or objected to the processing of your personal data.
If requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we reserve the right to either charge a reasonable fee taking into account the request or refuse to act on the request.
5. Links to other websites
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please be aware that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
6. Cookies
6.1 What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer, smartphone or other device when you visit our website. They allow us to distinguish you from other users, which helps us give you an enhanced website experience. Cookies allow you to do many things such as log on to your account, apply for products and services online and use financial tools.
6.2 What cookies do we use?
We use three types of cookies on our website: essential cookies, performance cookies and tailored content cookies.
Essential cookies enable you to operate vital functions of our website and trading platform. If these are disabled, you may not be able to access the platform or other significant parts of the website.
Performance cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily.
Tailored content cookies allow us to tailor the content of our website to suit you and link with other websites, such as social media websites. For example, instead of displaying promotional messages about products you already have, they let us show you other services you might be interested in. We only use tailored content cookies subject to your prior opt in to that effect and as set by our trusted business partners to provide you with Swissquote products and services and will only show you Swissquote branded advertisements on our website.
6.3 How to disable cookies
When you visit our website, we will ask for your permission to use cookies. If you wish to disable or delete any cookies, you can do this through your browser settings.
However, please be aware that cookies are often used to enable and improve certain functions on our website. If you choose to opt-out of certain cookies, it is likely to affect how our website works.
7. Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the stated purpose, taking into account also our need to answer queries or resolve problems, provide improved and new services, and comply with legal requirements under applicable laws.
In general, we keep (a) log-in information for as long as you maintain a user profile with us; (b) communication data for up to 10 years after your last interaction with us. When the personal data that we collect is no longer required in this way, we destroy, delete or anonymize it in a secure manner.
8. Changes to this policy
We keep this Policy under regular review and consequently, it may change at any time in the future. We will place any updates on our website.
9. How to contact us
If you have any other questions about this Policy please contact our privacy team at
privacy@swissquote.com
or write to us via postal mail at Swissquote Bank Ltd, Chemin de la Crétaux 33, 1196 Gland, Switzerland. If you wish to contact our Customer Care Center, please refer to the Support page on our Website.
10. Applicable law and juridiction
This Policy is exclusively governed by Swiss law, without regard to conflict of laws provisions. The exclusive place of jurisdiction for any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Policy is Gland, Switzerland. We however reserve the right to take legal action against you in a court of competent jurisdiction of your place of residence or before any other competent court or jurisdiction. In such cases too, Swiss law will apply exclusively.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://links.imagerelay.com/cdn/2958/ql/SQ-Account-Privacy-Policy-EN:
