Hootsuite Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: July 9, 2024
Hootsuite Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, “Hootsuite”) are committed to protecting your privacy and complying with applicable data protection laws. This Privacy Policy provides information on how we manage information about you.
What this Privacy Policy covers
Information we collect and how we use it
Who we share your information with
How we safeguard your information
How long we retain your information
Your privacy rights and choices
International data transfers
Regional privacy notice
How to contact us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
1. What this Privacy Policy covers
This Privacy Policy outlines how Hootsuite collects, uses, shares, and safeguards information about you when you use our Services, visit our websites, use our mobile applications, and otherwise interact with you. We also describe the choices you have about your information. If you’re independently publishing information on social media and other websites without using our Services, please refer to our
Author Privacy Policy.
Collectively, we refer to the Hootsuite, Talkwalker, Sparkcentral, and Heyday platforms as our “Services”.
Hootsuite Services
Hootsuite’s social media management platform allows you to bring together all of your social media accounts for easy access and management. Through this online platform, you can manage your social media, marketing, and advertising campaigns; engage with your audience; schedule and publish messages; manage customer care communications; monitor your brand and other brands; and analyze the results of these activities. We also offer training services through Hootsuite Academy.
Hootsuite’s affiliates also provide the following services:
Talkwalker Services
Talkwalker’s social listening and consumer intelligence services are provided by Talkwalker S.à.r.l., in Luxembourg, and its affiliates. Talkwalker gathers real-time data across social channels and the web to provide its customers with comprehensive insights and data-driven solutions to optimize their social media strategies, uncover hidden trends, discover new audiences, and be crisis-ready.
Sparkcentral Services
Sparkcentral’s social customer care solutions are provided by Sparkcentral Europe NV, in Belgium and Sparkcentral, Inc., in the US. This solution allows you to unify your customer conversations in an interactive dashboard. You can resolve customer problems more quickly, and automate, prioritize and triage conversations across multiple messaging channels or social networks.
Heyday
Heyday’s social commerce solutions are provided by Heyday Technologies Inc., in Canada. Heyday uses a conversational AI platform that connects messaging apps with e-commerce platforms, enabling brands to engage their customers and sell directly in-chat — turning more conversations into conversions. Heyday integrates with branded websites and apps, e-commerce platforms, product feeds and order tracking management systems to meet customers with always-on virtual support and personalized recommendations that boost engagement and conversions.
Our Customers’ use of the Services
When providing Services to our customers we may process personal information as a processor or service provider under the terms of the agreement we have entered into with them. In this situation, our customers are responsible for the processing of this information and individuals may reach out to those customers directly for any questions or concerns about the processing of their information.
2. Information we collect and how we use it
We collect information about you when you use our Services, visit our websites, and interact with us in a business context. Information may be collected when you provide it to us directly, or automatically when you use the Services and websites. We may also collect data from other sources, including those that are publicly available or from third-party data providers.
Using our Services
Hootsuite collects information to provide you with our Services and to improve our service offerings. We collect contact, account, and preference details for account setup, personalization, and communication. Billing, Services plan, and business data help us manage our Services. We process Content, social profile, and messaging data to facilitate your use of our Services. Lastly, logs, usage data, and support details allow us to maintain security and improve our Services.
Type of Information
Purpose
Account Information
Contact and profile information
E.g., Name and email address, organization name, address, language preferences, time zone, image (if you choose to provide this), preferred types of communications
Creating an account and user authentication of the Services.
Communicating with you about the Services, surveys, contests, and events.
Social Network profile information
E.g., Facebook username
Creating an account or user authentication of the Services if you choose to use a social login.
Billing, plan, and business information
E.g., Credit card number, organization name
Provisioning and payment of the Services.
Personalizing communications.
Content
Content uploaded to, downloaded from, and visible on the Services.
This includes materials curated and uploaded by users to the Services, including, messages, posts, comments, images, advertising information; messages, posts, comments, prompts and outputs from AI-Powered Services; and mentions (such as, likes) from Social Network users.
E.g., Instagram posts from an organization’s account, social media posts from a LinkedIn user
Providing the Services.
Chat and conversational data from our chatbot services
E.g., Chat messages involving an individual asking about the delivery date for an order
Providing the Services.
Social media and messaging metadata
E.g., Number of social media followers, number of posts
Providing the Services.
Compiling and providing social media user analytics, insights and measurement reports.
Logs, usage, and support data
Log data and general location
E.g., IP address, browser type and settings, device information (such as make, model, and OS), date and time of login, and
cookies
Managing the performance, security and compliance of the Services.
User settings
E.g., Location and language
Enabling location-based features (if you choose to share your location on your posts).
Personalizing the Services.
Usage, session, and analytics data
E.g., Frequency of login and access to different areas of the Services
Helping identify issues and to better understand how the Services are used to improve our Services.
Customer support data
E.g., Questions, issues, and general feedback
Resolving issues and helping us improve our  Services.
Surveys, events, marketing and other activities
Hootsuite collects information for surveys, events, and marketing efforts. We collect registration details to manage events and webinars, while feedback and opinions help us refine our products and services. We use recordings for quality assurance purposes and help us make improvements. Our interaction with you on social media and by email helps us evaluate and improve our marketing campaigns. Usage data from our website resources also guide us in improving these materials. We also gather employment-related information for hiring purposes through our
careers site
.
Type of Information
Purpose
Event and course registration information
E.g., Name, email address, course name
Administrating webinars, events, training, and courses.
Phone, video, event and webinar recordings
E.g., Recordings of these sessions (if you agree)
For training, quality assurance, and product improvement purposes.
Helping improve our sales, marketing and implementation processes.
Feedback and Opinions
E.g, Survey feedback, suggestions from support interactions
Understanding your needs and to improve our services.
Social media and email interactions
E.g., Private messages, email open and click rates, clicked links
Communicating with you.
Helping us understand and improve the effectiveness of our social media and email marketing campaigns and communications.
Employment-related information
E.g., Contact information, employment history, LinkedIn profile
We collect information about you when you apply for a job at Hootsuite. More information can be found
here
.
Browsing our websites
Hootsuite collects and utilizes user information from website browsing, including through chatbot interactions, cookies and tracking technologies, and website usage, to operate and maintain the websites, improve user experience, provide personalized marketing and advertising, enhance usability, and ensure security.
Type of Information
Purpose
Website and Services usage data
E.g., Engagement rate, referring website, browser type, session experience and replay, mouse movements, and resources accessed
Understanding usage patterns and activities to diagnose problems and make improvements to usability, features, and security.
Website personalization software helps to customize information, such as displaying resources applicable to your industry.
Cookies and other similar tracking technologies on our websites and Services
E.g., Cookies, web beacons, and pixels described in our
Cookie Notice
Operate and secure our websites and Services, enhance user experience by recognizing logged in users, improve performance and deliver personalized advertising of our products and Services. More information can be found in our
Cookie Notice
.
Chatbot interactions
E.g., Name, email address, and questions
Responding to your inquiry or request, and improving our Services
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. Our Services are not intended for use by children and should only be accessed by individuals who are at least 18 years old and are using the Services for business purposes. If you believe we may have information from a child, please
contact us
.
3. Who we share your information with
Hootsuite restricts access to your information to authorized employees and we do not share your information with third parties except in the circumstances explained below.
Employees and Authorized Contractors
Our employees and authorized contractors may access your information as necessary to fulfill their job responsibilities. For example, a customer support representative may access your account to validate your identity and respond to your question or request; our Marketing team may need access to your contact information to ensure information is sent correctly and unsubscribe requests are properly managed; and our Security team may need to review information related to the use of our Services to investigate suspected fraudulent account activity, or other attempts to compromise the Services.
All our employees and contractors are obligated to protect the confidentiality and privacy of your information.
Service Providers, Authorized Resellers, and Partners
We will share information about you with authorized service providers to assist us with marketing and advertising, communicating with you, managing our customer database, professional services, and providing and managing the Services (including hosting data centers, securing our Services, and payment processing).
We limit the number of service providers who are permitted to process your Content for the purpose of assisting us in providing the Services. Our AI-Powered Services leverage automated methods, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, to provide certain product features (e.g., to generate Content recommendations for your social posts, provide you with insights, and automating tasks). We refer to all of these service providers which process your Content as “
Subprocessors
.”
Where you have purchased Third-Party Services, or a service from an authorized reseller or partner, we may share information about you with the third party, reseller, or partner, as necessary to support your use of the service you purchased.
When sharing your information with any of the above service providers, third parties, resellers and partners, we ensure they agree to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We may also participate in and run marketing events (e.g., conferences, webinars, and provide resources) with sponsors and other organizations. Where the sponsors or other organizations wish to collect your information for their marketing purposes, we may facilitate this (e.g., information may be collected on the same registration form). However, the sponsors and other organizations will be conducting marketing activities independently under their own policies. We will provide an opportunity for you to share your information with the sponsors or other organizations for such purposes, either upon registration or during the event.
Social Networks and Third-Party Services
Social Networks
Any collection, use, and management of personal information by the social networks, including Facebook, Instagram, X, and LinkedIn (collectively, the “Social Networks”), are governed by their respective privacy policies and terms. When using Social Networks, you are required to comply with their privacy policies and terms. Subject to this Privacy Policy, Hootsuite Services may use Google API Services (including YouTube API Services) to collect data from YouTube, Google My Business ("Google Reviews"), or Google Analytics. Further information may be found in the
Google Privacy Policy
. We recommend you carefully review their privacy policies and terms, as Hootsuite is not responsible for the Social Networks.
Third-Party Services
Our Services enable you to customize and connect your Hootsuite account to third-party services (“Third-Party Services”), including through apps you can access in the
App Directory
or which may be available to you through our platform. When you choose to connect a Third-Party Service to the Services, you are agreeing to provide your information to the Third-Party Service under their respective terms and privacy policies. We recommend you carefully review their privacy policies and terms, as Hootsuite is not responsible for Third-Party Services.
Customer Organizations
Where your employer or an entity has purchased Services on your behalf, we may disclose information about you such as your name and email address, and some usage information including whether a user has logged in to the Services, frequency of login, time spent using the Services, and enrolment and completion of Hootsuite Academy courses to assist your employer or the entity in managing its use of the Services.
Successor and Affiliated Entities
We may share information about you among Hootsuite-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries to provide the Services and for our general business purposes. Our affiliates and subsidiaries will protect your information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and where applicable, in accordance with that entity’s policies.
We may also share or transfer your information if we are part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or acquisition or sale of assets. In such an event, we will inform those entities of the requirement to handle your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Government Authorities and other Legal Purposes
We may need to disclose information about you where we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law or regulation, or if we are otherwise legally required to do so, such as in response to a court order or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims or demands. For governmental data access requests concerning you or your organization, we would first attempt to redirect the request to you and/or we would first attempt to notify you unless we are legally prohibited from doing so. Refer to our
Government Data Request Policy
for more details.
In addition, we may disclose information about you if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action: (a) against illegal activities, fraud, situations involving potential threats to our rights or property (or to the rights or property of those who use our Services), or to protect the personal safety of any person; or (b) regarding situations that involve the security of our Services, abuse of the Services infrastructure, or the Internet in general (such as voluminous spamming, or denial of service attacks).
Professional Advisors
We use professional advisors, including lawyers and accountants, and may be required to disclose information about you when engaging them for their services and as necessary for audits, financial and other regulatory reviews.
4. How we safeguard your information
Hootsuite maintains industry standard security safeguards to protect your information. This includes ensuring our employees receive appropriate security and privacy training and guidance so they are aware of the measures they need to implement to protect your information.
Access controls are in place to limit access to your information to those who need it to perform their jobs. For example, information about you may be provided to our customer support representatives to help you with your requests. Individuals who are authorized to handle your information must adhere to confidentiality obligations.
We encrypt data in transit and at rest, where appropriate, to ensure that your information is kept private. We undertake security and privacy reviews of our service provider to ensure that they follow our stringent requirements to safeguard your information, and we also enter into data protection agreements with our service providers. All payment information is fully encrypted and handled only by PCI certified organizations.
More detailed information on our security practices is available in our
Trust Center
and the
Hootsuite Security Practices
webpage.
5. How long we retain your information
We retain information about you only for as long as necessary to provide and manage our Services, to manage our business, and for financial and legal purposes. For example, we retain your draft and published social media posts in our product as long as you are using the Services as you may need to reference previous posts. More information on data retention for specific products can be found in the
Hootsuite Help Center
.
After it is no longer necessary for us to retain information about you, or otherwise upon your request, we will dispose of your information in a secure manner or anonymize the information.
Aggregated data is retained and used by Hootsuite for analysis, product improvement, and troubleshooting purposes. In some cases, social media content may continue to exist on the Social Networks even after you or we delete it from our Services, and you will need to contact the relevant Social Network directly if you would like to remove this content.
6. Your privacy rights and choices
Your privacy rights
Depending on the data protection laws that apply to you, you may have the right to:
Access and obtain a copy of your information
Request correction of inaccurate information
Request deletion of your information
Request that we transfer your information to a third party in a machine-readable format
Object to our processing of your information, withdraw your consent, or ask us to restrict the processing of your information
Opt out of certain disclosures of your information to third parties, including for targeted advertising purposes
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights. If you would like to exercise any of your rights, such as access, correction, or deletion of your information, you may follow the steps below or email our
Privacy team
for assistance. We will handle your request within thirty (30) days unless it is unusually extensive or complex, in which case we will advise you of the expected timeline for handling your request. We may also ask for additional information to confirm your identity.
Your privacy choices
We explain the privacy choices available to you in the Services, when we send you marketing communications and when you browse our websites.
Services information
When using our Services, you may access, update, or correct most of your Account information by logging in to your account to edit your profile or organization records. For messaging content included in Inbox 2.0 and Sparkcentral services, you can
delete information related to a contact
, which is an individual who you have interacted with through these services, and it will delete the contact data along with their conversation history, attachments, and contact attributes.
If you have requests that cannot be carried out through the use of the Services, such as accessing additional information or deleting information about you, please email our
privacy team
. Please note that we may need to retain certain information about you for as long as you maintain an account for our Services, to provide you with our Services, for record keeping purposes, for payment processing, to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, or to enforce the applicable Terms of Service or other agreement in place between you and Hootsuite.
If you have authorized us to access your Social Network account to provide the Services, you may revoke this access at any time by following the instructions
here
. For example, if you have authorized us to access your information via the YouTube API services, in addition to our normal procedure for deleting stored data, you may revoke our access to your information via the Google security settings page, located
here
.
You can contact our Support team for other general requests about your account using your preferred method listed
here
.
Marketing emails, advertising and website browsing
For marketing communications, you may opt out by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email you receive. Please note that if you are a user of our Services, unsubscribing from marketing communications will not affect product-related emails sent in connection with your use of our Services.
For marketing communications sent by Hootsuite you may also opt out by accessing our
Preference Center
, or by
completing
the unsubscribe form
.
Hootsuite participates in interest-based advertising (where you may have visited our websites or another website which allows us to display advertising relating to our Services). The Network Advertising Initiative has developed a tool that may help you understand which third parties have currently enabled cookies for your browser and how to opt out of those cookies. For more information and to opt out of interest-based advertising, you can visit this
page
.
For more information on how to opt out of marketing cookies, review our
Cookie Notice
.
7. International data transfers
Our Services are managed by Hootsuite’s headquarters in Canada. As the European Commission considers Canada to be a country which provides adequate data protection, information about you may be lawfully transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to Canada. In addition, Sparkcentral’s services are managed from Belgium, and Talkwalker’s services are managed from Luxembourg. Amongst the Hootsuite corporate entities, we have incorporated appropriate data transfer mechanisms in accordance with European data protection laws.
Hootsuite uses third-party service providers, such as managed hosting providers, credit card processors, and technology partners to provide the software, networking, infrastructure and other services required to operate the Services. These third-party service providers may process or store personal data on servers outside of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland. We rely on adequacy (if sent to Canada), and the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”), the UK extension to the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF, or standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”), if sent to the US or onward to other countries, to ensure that information about you is lawfully transferred under European data protection laws. In the case of SCCs, we have implemented supplementary measures as outlined in the section
“How we safeguard your information”
. The third-party service providers we use to help us deliver the Services and which process your Content  are listed on this
page
.
By its nature, social media data can be shared with people around the world. The Social Networks and Third-Party Services that you choose to integrate with our Services may collect, store, and process your information from various locations around the world according to their own terms and privacy policies.
8. Regional Privacy Notice
GDPR and UK data protection laws
Depending on the situation and the type of data involved, Hootsuite may act as a data controller or a data processor.
Hootsuite as a data controller
Hootsuite may act as a data controller when we are:
Collecting information from you to set up and administer your Hootsuite account (for example, account information such as your name and email address);
Monitoring usage information on our websites;
Managing your contact and other related information to send marketing, sales, Services, and other communications to you;
Responding to a support or general inquiry; and
Recruiting individuals for job opportunities.
Legal bases for processing when Hootsuite is a data controller
The legal bases for processing information about you include:
Your consent (for example, when you have provided your information to sign up for an account or for a webinar; or you have provided your employment history when applying for a job). Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
It is necessary to perform a contract (for example, we may need your information to fulfill our obligations of providing Services to you under the terms relevant to the Services you have acquired).
Legitimate interest (for example, to provide, maintain and improve the Services for you, to maintain the security of the Services, and to attract new customers to maintain demand for the Services, all of which are described in the “
Information we collect and how we use it
” section above).
In some cases, we may have a legal obligation to process your personal data to comply with relevant laws (for example, processing payroll and tax information to comply with employment and tax legislation); or processing is necessary to protect your vital interests or those of another person (for example, obtaining health-related information during a medical emergency).
Hootsuite as a data processor
Where you are using our Services and making decisions about the personal data that is being processed in the Services (including selecting the Social Network accounts you wish to connect to the Services, uploading and using Content, or defining your own search queries, filters and time frames for the listening services), you are acting as a data controller and Hootsuite is acting as a data processor. We rely on you to comply with applicable privacy laws when collecting, using, or disclosing  information about individuals through the Services, including obtaining any necessary consents and providing any necessary notices.
There are certain obligations under the GDPR and other data protection laws that you have as a data controller, including being responsible for managing Content on the Services. As a data processor, Hootsuite will only access and process Content to provide you with the Services in accordance with your instructions (which you provide through the Services), the Terms of Service, the Social Networks’ terms, and applicable laws. As part of delivering the Services, we may process Content to further improve the Services, such as enhancing usability and developing new features.
If you are a customer of the Services where Hootsuite acts as a data processor, you may enter into a
data processing addendum
(“DPA”) with us to address requirements under the GDPR and UK data protection laws.
If you are using the Services as an authorized user of a Hootsuite customer (whether that customer is your employer, another organization, or an individual), that customer determines its own policies (if any) regarding storage, access, modification, deletion, sharing, and retention of personal data and Content, which may apply to your use of the Services. Please check with that customer entity about the privacy policies it has in place.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a consumer as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) , this section applies to you and supplements our Privacy Policy.
Information about your Personal Information
The categories and specific types of personal information collected and sources from which personal information are collected are set out
here
.
The business and commercial purposes for collecting personal information are set out
here
.
The categories of third parties with whom your information is shared are set out
here
.
Your Rights
We have outlined certain rights in the section
“Your privacy rights and choices”
Under the CCPA, you have the following rights:
The right to know about the personal information collected about you, which we have set out under
“Information we collect and how we use it”
The right to have your personal information deleted
The right to correct inaccurate personal information
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising consumer rights under the CCPA
The right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information.
You may access, update, or correct most of your Account information by logging in to your account; or you may exercise your rights by emailing our
Privacy team
.
While we share or disclose personal information with third parties or service providers for the purpose of providing the Services, managing our relationship with you, and for personalized advertising purposes, we do not “sell” your personal information in the traditional sense. However, the definitions of “sale” and “sharing” under the CCPA may include the disclosure of your information to our advertising and marketing partners.
You may opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information for advertising purposes by clicking the Cookie Preferences link accessible from the
Cookie Notice
or at the footer of one of our main website pages and making your selection. If you require additional assistance to opt out of sharing, please email our
Privacy team
. We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
If you are a customer of the Services where Hootsuite acts as your service provider, you may enter into a
DPA
with us to address requirements under the CCPA and other US State privacy laws.
9. How to contact us
If you have any questions, concerns or feedback, please email our Privacy team and Privacy Officer/Data Protection Officer at
privacy@hootsuite.com
; or send a letter to:
Hootsuite Inc.
111 East 5th Avenue
Vancouver, BC
Canada V5T 4L1
Attn: Hootsuite Privacy Team
If we are unable to resolve your concerns, you also have the right to contact your local data protection authority.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect updates to our Services, applicable laws, and other factors. We will include a prominent notice on this website and/or our Services if we make any material changes, but we encourage you to stay informed by reviewing this page periodically.
Previous Privacy Policies
Previous versions
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.hootsuite.com/legal/author-privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Author Privacy Policy
Last Updated
:
July 9, 2024
Table of contents
What this Author Privacy Policy covers
Information we collect and how we use it
Who we share your information with
How we safeguard your information
How long we retain your information
Your privacy rights
International data transfers
How to contact us
Changes to this Author Privacy Policy
1. What this Author Privacy Policy covers
Hootsuite Inc., Talkwalker S.à r.l., and their affiliates (collectively, “Hootsuite”) offer social listening and consumer intelligence services (referred to as “Listening Services”), allowing our customers to analyze publicly available information for brand monitoring and analytics purposes. This Author Privacy Policy provides information on how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process information about you that is published on websites, internet platforms, and other third-party sources, which we process as a controller in connection with the Listening Services.
Please refer to the
Hootsuite Privacy Policy
for information on how we process information about individuals who use our services, visit our websites, use our mobile applications, or otherwise interact directly with us.
2. Information we collect and how we use it
What information we collect
We only collect information that is publicly available. This includes information which has been published or made public by the authors and users of websites, internet platforms, and other third-party sources.
For our Listening Services, we process the following information:
Identification data (e.g., name, username, user id, geographical area)
Demographic data
Consumer feedback
Hobbies and interests
Professional and educational background
Pictures, audio, and videos
Any other brand-monitoring related information published by you on a publicly accessible website or third-party platform that provides us with data
Why we collect your information and how we use it
We process information about you to provide and improve our services. This includes providing public brand-related posts, trends, and statistics to our customers, allowing them to manage their brands and analyze related communications and topics.
We compile the information such as the top countries, interests, and demographic information of individuals engaging with a brand; and associated metrics such as the number of posts, followers, and impressions. We also display the posts that generate a high level of engagement, as well as information about the individuals posting the content (such as their X handle and general location). We may also infer certain information, such as sentiment, language, age range, gender, and general topics of interest based on publicly available data to present more insights to our customers.
Our data processing roles
When we are collecting and indexing publicly available information from websites, internet platforms, and other third-party sources in our database, and generating insights and statistics for the Listening Services, we act as a data controller.
The legal basis for processing your information is our legitimate interests in operating our business and providing these services to our customers. Our customers also have a legitimate interest to know what is published about their brands on the internet, in addition to what is being said about the brands in the traditional press, to gain insight into relevant news about its own company, including knowing about any issues which may affect their products and services in order to enable them to react to any issues, such as fake news or safety-related issues, to adapt their products or services offering, and to optimize the provision of their goods or services. Our customers also need to understand trends in their industries and seek publicly available information about their competitors to remain relevant in their industries.
However, where we provide our customers with the Listening Services in response to their instructions (e.g., search queries, filters and other parameters), we are acting as a data processor. In these cases, our customers are the data controllers and this means they are responsible for the processing of information about you. If you have questions about how your personal information is handled by one of our customers, please contact the relevant customer directly and refer to their privacy policies.
3. Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Customers, for the purpose of providing our Listening Services
Employees and authorized contractors, as necessary to fulfill their job responsibilities to provide and improve the Listening Services to our customers
Service Providers, authorized resellers and partners, to support business-specific functions such as providing, managing, selling, and securing the Listening Services
Successor and affiliated entities, including as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or acquisition or sale of assets
Government authorities and other legal purposes, where we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law or regulation or if we are otherwise legally required to do so
Professional advisors, as necessary for audits, financial, regulatory reviews, or other legal matters
Our customers and other third parties, which may have access to your information, may process your information in accordance with the laws that apply to them and their own privacy policies.
4. How we safeguard your information
Hootsuite maintains industry standard security safeguards to protect your information. We also undertake security and privacy reviews of our service providers and enter into data protection agreements with them to ensure that they follow our stringent requirements to safeguard your information.
5. How long we retain your information
We retain information about you for as long as necessary to provide our Listening Services to our customers. If you request that we remove your personal information, we will delete any content containing your personal information, subject to our legal obligations to retain such data.
Please note that your information may continue to exist on the third-party platforms even after we delete it from our systems. You will need to contact the relevant third-party platform if you would like them to remove your information.
6. Your privacy rights
As an author, you have control over how your information is published on certain websites and internet platforms you use through the privacy settings provided by those platforms. These platforms may allow you to delete or amend your information or change the privacy settings to make your posts private, which will prevent any further collection of your information.
Depending on the data protection laws that apply to you, you may have the right to:
Access and obtain a copy of your information
Request correction of inaccurate information
Request deletion of your information
Request that we transfer your information to a third party in a machine-readable format
Object to our processing of your information, withdraw consent, or ask us to restrict the processing of your information
Opt out of certain disclosures of your information to third parties
You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights. If you would like to exercise any of your rights, such as access, correction, or deletion of your information, please email our
Privacy team
for assistance. We will handle your request in a timely manner. We may also ask for additional information in order to confirm your identity. Please note that we may not always be able to immediately remove all your information if, for example, we are required by law to keep such data.
7. International data transfers
Our services are managed by Hootsuite’s headquarters in Canada and Talkwalker in Luxembourg. More specifically, our Listening Services are hosted and provided from within the European Economic Area (“EEA”). In addition, we use third-party service providers to process your information as part of providing our Listening Services and we may transfer your information to other countries where our third-party service providers are located.
We may transfer your information outside your country or jurisdiction, including to countries where the data protection laws are different from those of your country. Regardless of where your information is transferred, we will process your information with appropriate safeguards. As the European Commission considers Canada to be a country which provides adequate data protection, information about you may be lawfully transferred to Canada. We have also incorporated appropriate data transfer mechanisms amongst the Hootsuite corporate entities and with our service providers in accordance with European data protection laws.
8. How to contact us
If you have any questions, concerns or feedback, please email our Privacy team and Privacy Officer/Data Protection Officer
here
; or send a letter to either:
Hootsuite Inc.
111 East 5th Avenue
Vancouver, BC
Canada V5T 4L1
Attn: Hootsuite Privacy Team
Talkwalker S.à r.l.
33, avenue John F. Kennedy
L-1855 Luxembourg
Attn: Talkwalker Privacy Team
If we are unable to resolve your concerns, you also have the right to contact your local data protection authority.
9. Changes to this Author Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Author Privacy Policy at any time to reflect updates to our services, applicable laws, and other factors. We encourage you to stay informed by reviewing this page periodically.
We use cookies to provide you with our website and services. If you click “Accept All Cookies”, we will also use optional cookies (functional, marketing and advertising, performance, and social media). You may manage your cookies at any time. Learn more about each category of cookies in our
Cookie Notice
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Manage my cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They are used to keep our site and services working properly, such as showing you the appropriate information for the location you selected. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing and Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. Although important to us, these cookies are non-essential to the use of the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features available on our sites. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the sites and services, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our sites and services function.  They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps