Privacy and Data Protection Policy
Terms & Conditions
| Privacy Policy |
Cookies Policy
Version applicable from 18 February 2025
1. General
Comuto SA (hereinafter, “BlaBlaCar”), (whose registered office is located at 84, avenue de la République, 75011 Paris, France) attaches great importance to the protection and respect of your privacy.
BlaBlaCar has developed a ridesharing platform accessible on a website or in the form of a mobile application, and designed to (i) (i) to put drivers travelling to a given destination in contact with passengers going in the same direction, in order to enable them to share the Trip and therefore the associated costs, (ii) to book tickets for bus trips operated by Bus Operators (the “Bus Operators”) and (iii) search for and make the purchase from BlaBlaCar Train Tickets from the train operators (the “Rail Companies”) that we distribute (hereinafter, the “Platform”).
Comuto SA acts as a data controller regarding the collection, use and sharing of the information that you provide to us through the Platform.
In the event that you purchase Bus Tickets or Train Tickets, your personal data will be transmitted respectively to the Bus Operators or Rail Companies which act as separate data controllers. The data controller for journeys operated by BlaBlaCar Bus is Comuto Pro, a 100% subsidiary of Comuto SA, whose head office is located at 84, avenue de la République – 75011 Paris. Comuto SA and/or Comuto Pro will hereinafter be referred to as “BlaBlaCar”, “we” or “us”.
In the event that you subscribe to insurance products through the Platform or insurance products distributed by BlaBlaCar, the person responsible for processing the data collected and/or processed as part of this subscription is the company BlaBla Insurance, a 100% subsidiary of Comuto SA, whose head office is located at 84, avenue de la République – 75011 Paris. Comuto SA and/or BlaBla Insurance will hereinafter be referred to as “BlaBlaCar”, “we” or “us”.
Regarding other data controllers responsible for certain activities, please refer to the section “Who are the recipients of the information we collect and why do we share this information with them? ?” below.
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms & Conditions and any document referred to therein as well as our Cookie Policy) explains how we process the personal data we collect and that you provide to us. We invite you to read this document carefully to know and understand our practices regarding the processing of your personal data that we implement.
2. Information we collect
We may collect and process the following data:
2.1. Information you send to us directly
By using our Platform, you may provide us with information, some of which may identify you or the passengers for whom you are making reservations (“Personal Data”). This is particularly the case when you fill out forms (such as the registration form), when you participate in one of our games, competitions, promotional offers, studies or surveys, when you contact us – whether by telephone, email or any other means of communication – or when you inform us of a problem concerning the use of our Platform.
This information contains in particular the following data:
2.1.1. The data necessary for registration and provision of the service we provide on our Platform:
– Creation of an account: Your first and last name, email address, date of birth, password are required to create an account on the Platform.
– Reserving and/or publishing a carpool trip: Your telephone number is necessary for publishing or booking a carpool trip.
– Reserving a Bus Ticket: You can reserve a bus ticket via your account or only with your email address. Passenger information (surname, first name and date of birth) is mandatory.
– Reserving a Train Ticket: You can reserve a train ticket via your account or only with your email address and telephone number. Passenger information (surname, first name, date of birth and identity document number for a reservation in Spain) is mandatory.
Otherwise, BlaBlaCar will not be able to provide you with the services offered by our Platform or, where applicable, you will not be authorized to create an account on our Platform;
2.1.2. A photograph published on your profile;
2.1.3. A postal address;
2.1.4. Your mini-biography,
2.1.5 Your gender when you provide this information;
2.1.6. A copy of all written exchanges between you and BlaBlaCar; we may record and/or listen to telephone conversations between you and BlaBlaCar (for example, with our Customer Service);
2.1.7. A copy of all reservations or publications made on our Platform;
2.1.8. Details of financial or accounting transactions carried out on our Platform or by any other means, including information relating to your payment card, your banking details, information relating to journeys booked or for which you have published an advertisement on our Platform. This information may include your travel preferences;
2.1.9. Details of your visits to our Platform and the content you accessed;
2.1.10. Where applicable, your responses to our surveys and questionnaires and the opinions you have left to evaluate a trip made through our Platform, this information being particularly likely to be used in the context of research and analysis of user behavior;
2.1.11. The data that we may ask you to provide when you notify us of a problem relating to our Platform or our services, such as the subject of your support request;
2.1.12. Data linked to your location so that we can respond to your search for trips near you or to facilitate the publication of a trip;
2.1.13. A copy of your passport, your identity card or any other similar document that you have agreed to provide to us as part of the Verified Profile;
2.1.14. Data relating to your insurance subscription, as well as your waivers of these subscriptions, if applicable, and a copy of the declarations made and forms completed for the purposes of subscriptions or contract management.
2.2. Data we collect automatically
2.2.1. In the event that you connect to our services using the social network features made available to you, BlaBlaCar will have access to certain of the data (in particular, your first name, last name, photograph and email address) of your account on said social network in accordance with the general conditions of use of the social network concerned. We may also collect some of your Personal Data when you interact with features of these social networks, such as “Like” features.
2.2.2. During each of your visits, we may collect, in accordance with applicable legislation and with your consent, if applicable, information relating to the devices on which you use our services or to the networks from which you access our services, such as in particular your IP addresses, connection data, types and versions of internet browsers used, types and versions of plugins of your browser, operating systems and platforms, data concerning your navigation path on our Platform, in particular your journey on the different URL pages of our Platform, the content to which you access or that you view, the search terms used, download errors, length of time you view certain pages, your device’s advertising ID, interactions with the page, and any phone number used to contact us. Among the technologies used to collect this information, we use cookies (to find out more about this, please refer to our Cookie Policy).
2.2.3. We also collect information about your use of our Platform (such as the number of advertisements published, your response rate to messages, your registration date, your average reviews received, etc.) which may be displayed on your public profile, when you have one.
2.2.4. Finally, we collect information about you from our insurer partners or insurance intermediaries as part of your requests for eligibility for insurance programs or your subscription to insurance contracts offered when we act as an insurance agent.
2.3. Duration of retention of your data
2.3.1. With the exception of the categories of Personal Data referred to in articles 2.3.2. and 2.3.3. below, your Personal Data is archived at the end of the following periods:
– 5 years after your last use of our Platform, if you have not closed your account;
– 30 days after closing your account, unless you have received a negative review or report, in which case your data is kept for 2 years following the closure of your account.
2.3.2. The following categories of Personal Data may be retained for different periods of time:
– Financial data (e.g. payments, reimbursements, etc.) are kept for the period required by applicable tax and accounting laws (e.g. accounting documents and vouchers are kept for up to 10 years);
– The data collected as part of the subscription to insurance products are kept for the duration of the insurance contract subscribed and the duration necessary to manage your claims if applicable;
– The content created by you on our Platform (such as comments, opinions and ratings) is made anonymous after the deadlines mentioned in 2.3.1 but remains visible on our Platform;
– Logging data is retained for up to 12 months from collection;
– Telephone conversations with our Customer Service are kept for up to 1 month and analysis documents (such as the time or duration of the call) are kept for up to 1 year,
– The data related to the control of your identity documents are kept for a period of one (1) year in order to carry out checks and detect fraud.
– The information relating to your payment card that you have consented to be recorded for your future transactions on the Platform is retained until the moment you withdraw your consent, or until the expiration date of the payment card, whichever comes first.
2.3.3. In the event that your account has been suspended or blocked, we retain your data for a period of 2 or 10 years depending on the severity of the violation from the suspension in order to avoid any circumvention on your part of the rules in force on our Platform.
2.3.4. Then, we may keep some of your Personal Data in archives for a period not exceeding five (5) years in order to comply with our legal obligations and for the management of possible disputes.
3. How do we use the data we collect?
We implement various processing operations relating to your personal data, the purposes and legal bases of which are detailed below:
PURPOSE
LEGAL BASIS
Allow you to use the Platform
3.1
execute contracts entered into between you and us and provide you with the information and services requested;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
3.2
Collect your payments and send you the amounts owed to you
via our payment solutions;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations and compliance with our legal obligations.
3.3
allow you to save your payment card information for your future transactions on the Platform
;
This processing is carried out on the basis of your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your information in your profile or by contacting our Customer Service.
3.4
allow you to personalize your profile on our Platform;
This processing is carried out on the basis of your consent.  You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your personalized information in your profile or by contacting our Customer Service.
3.5
allow you to communicate and exchange with other members of our community or the transport operators distributed on the Platform, in particular with regard to our services or the journey(s) already taken or that you plan to take;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
3.6
allow you to use the interactive features of our services if you wish, such as searching for trips around you based on your location or publishing trips based on your location;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
Customer Service Management
3.7
give you access and allow you to communicate with our Customer Service;
This processing is necessary for the execution of our respective contractual obligations.
3.8
improve our Customer Service and train our customer advisors by recording your telephone conversations with us;
This processing is based on our legitimate interests (providing you with quality customer support/improving our customer support). You can object to this processing during each contact.
The fight against fraud and compliance with the T&Cs
3.9
Detect, prevent and react to any breach or non-compliance on your part with the Terms and Conditions. For these purposes, we use automatic analysis technologies of your use of the Platform.
In this context, certain decisions can be taken automatically. These decisions are based on defined criteria and aim to identify and prevent fraudulent behavior within our services. To make these automated decisions, we may process different categories of data, for example, email address, telephone number, IP address, information relating to payment methods, information about your use of our services, etc.
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to avoid any circumvention on your part of the rules in force on our Platform and to maintain a healthy and secure environment on our Platform). You can exercise your right of opposition by contacting our Customer Service.  The legal basis for data processing in the context of automated decision-making is the performance of the contract between you and us. You have the right to obtain human intervention from us, to express your point of view and to contest the decision by contacting our Customer Service.
3.10
Verify your identity declared on your profile and allow you to obtain the “Verified Profile” badge.
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
This processing may be made mandatory in accordance with the legal obligations incumbent on our payment providers, in which case the processing is necessary for the execution of our respective contractual obligations.
Communications
3.11
send you the documents and information necessary for the use of our services (such as, for example, reservation confirmations) by e-mail, text messages or any other means of communication;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations. You can change your communication preferences in your profile settings on the app.
3.12
In order to inform you, by email, SMS or any other means of communication, of changes made to our services and to support you in the use of our services.
This processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant information). In this case, you can object to this processing during each contact and you can manage your preferences directly in the preference center.
3.13
contact you by email, text message, telephone call or other means of communication for marketing purposes regarding BlaBlaCar services and products.
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to offer you relevant advertisements), in this case you have a right to object which you can exercise by modifying your communication preferences in your profile settings on the application, by contacting our Customer Service or by following the specific instructions provided in the corresponding communication channel (for example, by clicking on the unsubscribe link; by responding with ‘STOP’; by expressing your opposition during the telephone call, etc.).
3.14
send you emails for marketing purposes regarding the services and products of our third party partners.
This processing is based on your consent. You can withdraw your consent via your communications preferences in your profile; by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in the communication; or by contacting our Customer Service.
3.15
Send you advertising messages that may be of interest to you on social media platforms or third party sites or to create exclusion lists for advertising messages. If you would like more information on this subject, we invite you to read the contractual documents of these platforms or sites. For more information, please see Section 7 Targeted Advertising.
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to offer you relevant advertising), in this case you have a right to object or on your consent when the law requires it (you can withdraw your consent via your cookie preferences).
3.16
monitor customer relations and in particular carry out (by email, telephone calls or text messages) satisfaction surveys and studies including surveys, product tests and statistics;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (evaluating our Platform and the services we provide in order to improve them). You can object to this processing when making contact.
3.17
evaluate the effectiveness of the advertising messages we send and adapt them to our users.
This processing is based (i) on our legitimate interest (measuring and optimizing the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns) or (ii) on your consent, when required by law (You are free to change your mind at any time and adjust the cookie settings later. Simply go to the cookie settings displayed in the footer or in your BlaBlaCar account settings).
Improving and securing our Platform
3.18
manage our Platform and carry out internal technical operations in the context of problem solving, data analysis, testing, research;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (ensuring the security of our Platform and improving its characteristics).
3.18
improve and optimize our Platform, in particular to ensure that the display of our content is adapted to your device;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant content).
Studies and research
3.19
carry out studies or research in the field of the environment, mobility, energy savings or extra-financial performance
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (evaluating the impacts of our mobility offers) or is necessary to comply with our legal obligations such as our extra-financial reporting obligations.
Responding to legal requests and protecting our rights
3.20
respond to legal requisitions or any other request legally founded in law,
This processing is based on our legal obligations.
3.21
defend and protect our interests when this is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal right
This processing is based on the performance of the contract or our legitimate interests.
4. Who are the recipients of the information we collect and why do we transmit this information to them?
4.1. As part of the use of our services, some of your information is transmitted to other members of our community through your public profile or as part of the reservation process (for example we communicate your telephone number to the people with whom you will be traveling to facilitate the organization of your carpool, your age is displayed on your public profile to help maintain a high level of trust among our members). We publish the reviews you write as part of our review system on our Platform. These notices, which contain your first name and the first letter of your last name as well as your photograph, are visible to all visitors to our Platform.
4.2 We share your personal data with Bus Operators and Railway Companies for the purposes of providing transport services. In these cases, the Bus Operators and the Railway Companies act as separate data controllers and the processing of your personal data is subject to their respective privacy policies. The transport companies operating on behalf of BlaBlaCar Bus act as subcontractors and within the framework of the execution of any contract concluded between you and us.
4.3 We may also share information about you, including Personal Data, with other entities of the BlaBlaCar group within the framework provided for in this Privacy Policy. In the event that we sell or acquire a company or assets, we reserve the right to share your Personal Data with the potential seller or buyer of this company or these assets. If BlaBlaCar or all or part of its assets are purchased by a third party, the data in our possession will, where applicable, be transferred to the new owner.
4.4 We may disclose information about you to courts, police authorities, customs, governmental or public authorities, tax authorities, or authorized third parties, if and to the extent we have a legal obligation to do so or if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to (i) respond to any claim against BlaBlaCar, (ii) comply with any legal request, (iii) enforce any contract entered into with our members, such as the Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy (iv) in the event of an emergency involving public health or the physical integrity of a person, (v) in the context of inquiries and investigations, or (vi) in order to guarantee the rights, property and security of BlaBlaCar, its members and more generally any third party.
4.5 We may share data with organizations responsible for creating energy savings certificates, on the basis of their public interest mission to justify the energy savings achieved through long-distance carpooling.
4.6 We also work in close collaboration with third party organizations which may have access to your Personal Data, and in particular with:
social media platforms which may offer you features allowing you to integrate information from your account on their own platform into your BlaBlaCar profile;
our commercial partners who promote their services on our Platform and to which you can decide to subscribe. These services may in particular consist of insurance services, banking services, vehicle rental services, etc.;
our insurer partners or insurance intermediaries in order to confirm your eligibility for insurance programs, communicate a price to you, enable your subscription to the insurance contracts offered and the management of your claims if applicable (or the management of claims concerning journeys that you have made with another insured member of our community) and meet their legal and regulatory obligations;
our business partners on whose website we may advertise our services;
the subcontractors we use in particular for technical services, electronic signatures, payment services, identity verification and driving licenses, customer relations centers and even providers of analytical solutions.
4.7 We do not share your data with the third parties mentioned in 4.6. above only in the following cases:
When we use a service provider as part of the execution of any contract concluded between you and us or in order to provide or improve our services (for example in the context of payments made via our Platform);
when we use search engine and analytics solution providers to improve and optimize our Platform; we may also share information with our insurance partners that allows us to evaluate and improve the performance of our insurance products and optimize their design. You have the possibility to object to this processing by contacting the contact indicated in article 14 below;
when you expressly request it (for example when you use the authentication methods provided by social networks, subscribe to a service provided by one of our partners, ask to benefit from an offer or a good deal from one of our partners);
when we distribute, on the websites of our commercial partners, certain parts of our Platform (including the journeys you have posted) via APIs or widgets. In this case, certain information from your public profile may also be displayed on these sites.
4.8 In accordance with applicable legislation and with your consent where required (in this case, you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Customer Service), we may aggregate data which concerns you and which we receive or send to our commercial partners, in particular all or part of your Personal Data and information collected via cookies. This aggregated information will only be used for the purposes described above.
4.9 We draw your attention to the fact that if you decide to let us access some of your information, in particular your Personal Data, via connection services made available by our commercial partners, their confidentiality policies are also binding on you. We have no control over the collection or processing of your data implemented by our commercial partners on their own platform.
4.10 We act as joint controllers with third party companies in the following cases:
– As part of the “franchise buyback” carpooling insurance offered on the Platform, BlaBlaCar and AXA France IARD implement processing of personal data and are jointly responsible for this processing (in particular, BlaBlaCar is in charge of collecting information relating to subscriptions, and AXA France IARD is responsible for managing the insurance product offered to BlaBlaCar members). For more details on the use of personal data by AXA France IARD, we invite you to refer to the “Personal Data” policy accessible on its website.
– Concerning the carpooling offer offered as part of a Ulys electronic toll subscription, the Customer Number that you communicate to BlaBlaCar is transmitted to ASF, a VINCI Autoroutes Group company, issuer of the electronic toll subscription in order to benefit from the discount on management fees according to the conditions of the carpooling offer. As part of this offer, BlaBlaCar and ASF implement processing of personal data and are jointly responsible for this processing (in particular, BlaBlaCar is in charge of collecting information relating to journeys made by carpooling, and ASF is in charge of managing the carpooling offer proposed as part of the electronic toll subscription and more precisely the application on management fees). In accordance with the joint liability contract, you can exercise your rights with us or with ASF. For more details on the use of personal data by ASF, we invite you to refer to the “Personal Data” policy accessible on its site internet.
– In the context of advertising on social networks, we use “Facebook Event Manager”, a Meta Ireland tool. BlaBlaCar and Meta Ireland are joint controllers of processing relating to personal data (in particular, BlaBlaCar is in charge of collecting personal data relating to your actions on the Platform and their subsequent transmission to Meta Ireland, and Meta Ireland is in charge of creating audiences). In accordance with the Joint Responsibility Agreement, Meta is responsible for handling data subject requests. To exercise your rights and find out more about the processing carried out by Meta Ireland, we invite you to refer to the
Meta Privacy Policy
.
4.11 In accordance with applicable regulations, transactions are processed by our payment service providers, respectively PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. and Cie, S.C.A., as a payment solution provider, a Luxembourg credit institution duly authorized under Article 2 of the law of 5 April 1993 relating to the financial sector and by Adyen N.V., a financial institution regulated by the Dutch central bank. They act as separate data controllers. As explained in more detail in our Terms and Conditions, these payment service providers may ask you to provide additional information as part of the “Know Your Customer” (KYC) procedure such as a copy of your identity document, your home address, your date of birth and your bank identity statement. The KYC checks carried out by the payment solution provider are separate and independent from the verifications that BlaBlaCar may carry out in relation to the use of the platform and are subject to their respective privacy policies, accessible at the following link for PayPal https://pay.hyperwallet.com/hw2web/consumer/page/privacyAgreement.xhtml) and for Adyen (https://www.adyen.com/privacy-policy/compliance-obligations) .
5. How do we use and moderate your messages?
5.1. We may take note of the messages that you exchange with other members of our community via our Platform, in particular for the purposes of fraud prevention, improvement of our services, user assistance, verification of compliance by our members with contracts concluded with us and in particular with our Terms and Conditions. For example, in order to prevent a member from circumventing our online reservation system, we authorize ourselves to browse and analyze the messages exchanged on our Platform to ensure that they do not contain any contact details or references to other websites and, if necessary, this may result in blocking of these messages or filtering of all or part of these messages.
5.2. We never learn your communications with other members of our community for promotional or advertising targeting purposes. Where possible, we use automated systems to moderate messages transmitted between members via our Platform, without any individual decision being made.
6. Targeted Online Advertising
6.1 In accordance with applicable law and with your consent where required, we may use the data you provide to us on our Platform, such as some of your profile data and browsing data, to display (or exclude) you from targeted advertisements on social media platforms or third-party sites, based on your profile and based on your interests or activities on our platform. This processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest in showing you advertisements for similar services. You can object to this processing at any time by configuring the parameters relating to the advertising of your account directly on the platform of said social network or by contacting us according to the terms described in article 14 below.
6.2 In application of the Digital Market Act, “access controllers” or “Gatekeepers” whose list is kept up to date by the European Commission requires your consent to show you targeted advertisements. We collect your consent via the preference management banner. You are free to change your mind at any time and adjust the preference settings later. Simply go to the cookie settings which are displayed in the footer or in your BlaBlaCar account settings.
7. Is your data transferred, how and where?
7.1 As a general rule, we store your Personal Data within the European Union. However, to the extent that, for example, some of our service providers are located in countries outside the European Union (“Third Countries”), we transfer some of your Personal Data to Third Countries. This may particularly be the case for Third Countries for which the European Commission has not taken an “adequate protection” decision. In such a case, we ensure that this transfer is carried out in compliance with the applicable regulations and guarantees a sufficient level of protection of the privacy and fundamental rights of individuals (in particular by the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission).
7.2 Upon simple request to our Data Protection Officer (dataprotection@blablacar.com), we can provide you with more information regarding these guarantees (in particular the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission).
8. What are your rights over your personal data?
8.1 You have the right to receive a copy of your Personal Data in our possession (“right of access”).
8.2 For processing activities carried out on the basis of your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time as described in Article 3.
8.3 You can also request the erasure of your Personal Data as well as the rectification of erroneous or obsolete Personal Data (“right of erasure and right of rectification”). Please note that we may retain certain information about you when required to do so by law or when we have a legitimate reason to do so. This is for example the case if we believe that you have committed fraud or violated our Terms and Conditions and we want to prevent you from circumventing the rules applicable to our community.
8.4 You also have the right to object at any time to (i) the processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, or (ii) other processing carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest for reasons relating to your particular situation (“right to object”).
8.5 You have the right to limit the processing carried out on your Personal Data (“right to limitation”). Please note that this right only applies if (i) you contest the accuracy of your Personal Data for the period allowing us to verify the accuracy of your Personal Data; (ii) in the event of unlawful processing on our part and you request a limitation of their use rather than erasure, (iii) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing but you still need them for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; iv) in the event of exercising your right of opposition during the verification period to determine whether the legitimate reasons we are pursuing prevail over yours.
8.6 You also have the right to portability of your data, i.e. the right to receive the Personal Data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit this data to another data controller (“right to portability”).
8.7 You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority or obtain redress from the competent courts if you consider we have not respected your rights.
8.8 You also have the right to define directives relating to the fate of your Personal Data after your death.
8.9 To exercise these rights, you can contact our Personal Data Protection Officer according to the terms defined in article 13 below.
8.10 To exercise your rights within the framework of the carpooling offer offered as part of a Ulys electronic toll subscription: you benefit from a right of access to your information as well as a right to rectify and delete this information, and a right to object to the processing of this information which you can exercise by contacting ASF at the contact details indicated on its
website
. site internet or by contacting our personal data protection delegate according to the terms defined in article 13 below.
9.Cookies and similar technologies
To find out more, see our
Cookie Policy
.
10.Confidentiality of your password
You are responsible for the confidentiality of the password you choose to access your account on our Platform.
You agree to keep this password secret and not to communicate it to anyone.
11. Links to other websites and social networks
Our Platform may occasionally contain links to the websites of our partners or third-party companies. Please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we accept no responsibility for the use made by these sites of information collected when you click on these links. We invite you to read the privacy policies of these sites before transmitting your Personal Data to them.
12. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may occasionally modify this Privacy Policy. When necessary, we will inform you and/or seek your consent. We advise you to regularly consult this page to be aware of any modifications or updates made to our Privacy Policy.
13. Contact
For any questions relating to this Privacy Policy or for any request relating to your Personal Data, you can contact us by sending an email to our data protection officer at dataprotection@blablacar.com or by sending us a letter to the address mentioned at the top of this document.
————- 0 —————- 0 ——————-
Effective date: 5 February 2024
1. General
Comuto SA (whose registered office is at 84, avenue de la République, 75011 Paris, France) (“
BlaBlaCar
”, “we”, “our” or “us”), acting as data controller, is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This notice (the “
Privacy Policy
”) is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that you may provide via our platform  accessible from the website www.blablacar.co.uk or our mobile applications (the “
Platform
“).
This Privacy Policy (together with our
Terms and Conditions
, any other documents referred to in it and our
Cookie Policy
) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
2. What information do we collect from you and for how long?
We may collect and process the following data about you:
2.1. Information you give us
You may give us information, including information that can identify you or passengers for whom you book seats (“
Personal Data
“), when you use our Platform, by filling in forms on the Platforms (such as the sign-up form), when you enter into any of our competitions, promotions or surveys, when you correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, and when you report a problem related to the use of our Platform.
The information you give us may include:
2.1.1.
Mandatory information required to register for and for the provision of the service we provide on our Platform or to access other services provided by us, including your name, email address, date of birth, and a password. All these fields are mandatory for creating an account on our Platform. Additionally, your phone number is required for publishing or booking carpooling trips. When booking bus tickets, your email address and passenger information are also mandatory. BlaBlaCar will not be able to provide you with the services offered on our Platform if the required information is not provided or, if applicable, you will not be able to register for an user account on our Platform
;
2.1.2.
A photograph;
2.1.3.
A postal address;
2.1.4.
Details on your cars;
2.1.5.
Your mini-biography, your gender when you agree to provide that information;
2.1.6.
A record of any correspondence between you and BlaBlaCar; we may record and/or listen to the phone calls between you and BlaBlaCar (for example, with the agents of our Community Relations service). We give you the possibility to object to that processing at the beginning of the call;
2.1.7.
A record of any bookings you have made or trip related advertisements you have placed with or through our Platform;
2.1.8.
Details of accounting or financial transactions including transactions carried out through our Platform or otherwise. This may include information such as your payment card or bank account details, details of trips or legs you have booked or offered through our Platform.
These information may include your trip preferences
;
2.1.9.
Details of your visits to our Platform and the resources that you access;
2.1.10.
Your replies to any surveys or questionnaires, such as your reviews on the trips made through our Platform. Such information may be used for analytic & user understanding purposes;
2.1.11.
Information we may require from you when you report a problem with our Platform or our service, such as the subject of your request for support;
2.1.12.
Location information, so that we can respond to your search for trips near you or facilitate the publication of your trip
; and
2.1.13.
A copy of your Passport, Driving Licence, ID Card and such other similar documents that you agreed to provide to us within the context of Verified Profile.
2.2. Information we collect automatically
2.2.1.
If you sign up via social media authentication methods, BlaBlaCar will access certain Personal Data (e.g. first name, surname, picture and email) in your social media account pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions of these social media platforms. We may also collect some of your Personal Data when you interact with third party social media features, such as “Like” functions.
2.2.2.
With regard to each of your visits to our Platform we may collect, in accordance with applicable laws and where required with your consent, information relating to the devices you use and the networks you are connected to when using our services. This may include the following information: your IP address, log-in information, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, information about your visit including the URL clickstream to the different pages of our Platform, content you viewed or searched for, search terms used, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, the advertising identifier of your device, page interaction and any phone number used to contact us. We collect this information through the use of various technologies including cookies (for further information please refer to our
Cookie Policy
).
2.2.3.
We also collect aggregated information regarding your activity on our Platform (such as the amount of rides offered, your message response rate, etc.). Such information may be published on your public profile, should you have one.
2.2.4.
Finally, we collect information about you from our insurance partners or intermediary in connection with your request for eligibility for the insurance programs or your subscription to the  insurance contracts proposed when we act as insurance representative.
2.3. Data retention
2.3.1.
Except regarding the categories of Personal Data mentioned in clauses 2.3.2 and 2.3.3 below, your Personal Data will be archived after the following retention periods:
5 years after your last use of our Platform, if you did not close your account;
30 days after the closing of your account, except if you received a negative rating or report, in which case your data is stored for 2 years following the closing of your account.
2.3.2.
The following categories of Personal Data may be stored for different durations:
Financial data (e.g. payments, reimbursements, etc.) is stored for the duration required by applicable tax and accounting laws (for example, the accounting documents are stored for up to 10 years);
All user-generated content (e.g. comments, feedback and ratings) is anonymised according to the durations mentioned in section 2.3.1 but remains available on our Platform;
Log data are stored for up to 12 months from the date of their collection;
The phone calls with our Community Relations service are stored for up to 1 month and the analysis documents (such as time and duration of the call) are stored up to 1 year.
Data collected for the ID verification process and for the detection of fraud are stored for 1 year.
The payment card information that you consented to save for your future transactions on the Platform is stored until the time you withdraw your consent, or the expiration date of the payment card, whichever occurs earlier.
2.3.3.
In the event that your account is suspended or blocked, we will keep your data for a period of 2 or 10 years depending on the gravity of the breach in order to prevent you from circumventing the rules applying to our Platforms.
2.3.4.
We may archive some of your Personal Data for a period that will not exceed five (5) years in order to comply with our legal obligations and to manage potential disputes.
3. How do we use the information we collect from you?
We will use the information we collect:
PURPOSES
LEGAL BASIS
3.1.
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us or you and our business partners and to provide you with the information and services that you requested;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations.
3.2.
to send you service-related information by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means (e.g. your booking confirmation);
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual obligations.
3.3.
to collect payment from you or to enable payments of Cost contribution on the Platform via Hyperwallet Payment Solution
;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations and for compliance with the legal obligations.
3.4
to enable you to save your payment card information for your future transactions on the Platform;
This processing is carried out with your consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your information in your profile or by contacting our Community Relations service.
3.5.
to enable you to personalize your user profile on our Platform;
This processing is carried out with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your information in your profile or by contacting our Community Relations service.
3.6.
to enable you to communicate and interact with other members or with bus transport operators distributed on the Platform about our services or about the trips(s) you have/will do and/or to organise such trips;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations.
3.7.
to give you access to and to enable you to communicate with our Community Relations service;
This processing is (i) necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, or (ii) necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.8.
to enhance our Community Relation service and train our customers agents through the record of your phone conversations with us;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to provide you a high quality customer support/to enhance our customer support).
You can object to this processing during each contact.
3.9.
to ensure compliance with (i) applicable laws, (ii) our Terms and Conditions, and (iii) our Privacy Policy. Certain breaches that we regard as inappropriate may lead to the suspension of your account on our Platform. For these purposes, we may use technologies to automatically analyse your use of the Platform, including the content of your publications, in order to detect any behaviour that may constitute a violation on your part;
This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations,
(ii) based on our legitimate interest (to prevent any circumvention of the rules in effect on our Platform), in which case you have the right to object,
or (iii) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.10.
to send you, by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means, in accordance with applicable laws and where required, with your consent, marketing materials and to make you suggestions and recommendations about goods or services related to our services that may interest you. We also use your data to target you in order to serve our ads on social media platforms or third-party sites,
or to create exclusion lists for advertising messages.
You can learn more about how these features work, and the data that we obtain about you, by visiting the relevant sections of the third party social media platforms or sites;
This processing is (i) based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent to receive commercial prospecting at any time by modifying your preferences in your profile, clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in each of our communications, or contacting our Community Relations service; or (ii) based on our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant advertisements); in this case, you have the right to object.
For more information, please refer to Article 6 – Targeted ads and our communications sent by e-mail and/or text messages.
3.11.
to notify you, by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means, about changes to our services or accompanying you in the use of our services
This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations or (iii) the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.12.
to verify the information contained in your Passport, Driving Licence, ID Card and other identity documents that may be collected from you at the time of registration or at any other time during your use of our Platform;
This processing is carried out (i) based on your consent within the context of obtaining the Verified Profile badge (in this case, you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Community Relations service,  (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations, or (iii) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.13.
to administer our Platforms and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. ensuring the security of our Platform and improving its features).
3.14.
to monitor customer relations and in particular to carry out (by email or phone calls) satisfaction surveys and studies including polls, product tests and statistics;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. evaluate our Platform and the services we provide in order to improve them). You can object to this processing when contacted.
3.15.
to improve our Platform to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. providing  you with meaningful content).
3.16.
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so, such as searching for trips around you based on your location
or publishing trips based on your location
;
This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations or (ii) based on your consent where required by law. In this case, you can withdraw your consent by disabling the access permissions directly in your phone’s operating system.
3.17.
as part of our efforts to keep our Platform safe and secure; namely for fighting against fraud; and
This processing is based on (i) our legitimate interest (fighting against fraud and ensuring the security of our Platforms), (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations, or (iii) carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.18.
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve, and to deliver relevant advertising to our users.
This processing is based on (i) our legitimate interest (i.e. measuring and optimising the efficiency of our advertising campaigns) or (ii) your consent where required by law. (You can change your cookie settings at any time. You can adjust them by simply going to the cookie settings displayed in the footer of the page or in your BlaBlaCar account settings.)
4. Who are the recipients of the Information we collect from you and for which purposes?
4.1.
When you use our services, some information about you is shared with the members of our communities or with bus transport operators distributed on our Platform, either on your public profile or during the booking process (e.g. we give your telephone number to the members with whom you will share a ride to facilitate the organization of your ride, your age is displayed on your public profile to help maintain a high level of trust among our members).
4.2.
We may receive and send information about you, including your Personal Data, with other BlaBlaCar entities and affiliates, for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
4.3.
We may disclose information about you to courts, law enforcement agencies, government or public authorities, tax authorities, or authorized third parties, if and to the extent that we are required to do so by law or in a good faith we believe that it is reasonably necessary to (i) respond to claims asserted against BlaBlaCar, (ii) to comply with legal proceedings, (iii) to enforce any agreement with our members such as our Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy, (iv) in the event of an emergency involving the danger of public health, death or physical injury to a person (v) in the framework of investigation or (vi) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of BlaBlaCar, its members or others
4.4.
We are also working closely with third parties which may be the recipients of your Personal Data such as:
our business partners who are social media platforms and which may provide you with connecting services, such as the connection of the information of your BlaBlaCar profile, from their social media platforms to our Platform;
our business partners who may advertise their services on our Platforms and to which you may decide to sign up for. Namely, these services may be insurance services, banking services, rental services, etc.;
our business partners who may advertise our services on their websites;
our sub-contractors including in technical, payment, identity verification and delivery services, or analytics providers.
4.5.
We only share  your Personal Data with any of these third parties mentioned in section 4.4 in the following cases:
4.5.1.
Where we resort a third party service provider, for the performance of any contract we enter into with you in order to facilitate or extend our services (e.g. in the framework of the payments made on our Platform);
4.5.2.
As part of the booking process and in order to provide the requested services, information such as your name, photography, mobile phone number and/or email address, may be displayed on the Platform and/or passed on to another member;
4.5.3.
As part of our rating system, the reviews you write will be published on the Platform. The reviews including your abbreviated name and photography are visible to all visitors of the Platform;
4.5.4.
We use analytics and search engine providers to assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Platforms;
4.5.5.
It is explicitly requested by you (e.g. with when using social media authentication methods, subscribe to a service provided by one of our partners, request to participate to an offer or a good deal of one of our partners);
4.5.6.
We may distribute parts of our Platforms (including the trips you have posted) for display on our business partners’ websites through API or widgets. In these cases, some information from your public profile may be displayed on these websites;;
4.5.7.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your Personal Data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
4.6.
In accordance with applicable law and where required with your consent (in this case you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Community Relations service), we may combine information about you, including your Personal Data and cookie information, we send to and receive from our business partners. We may only use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above.
4.7.
We draw your attention on the fact that if you decide to share your information, including Personal Data, with us through our business partners’ connecting services, any of our business partners’ privacy policies and/or notices may also be applicable to you, in addition to this Privacy Policy. We do not control the collection and/or the processing of your information eventually made by our business partners on their own platforms.
4.8.
As requested per the applicable regulations, the payouts are handled by PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., as a Payment Solution Provider, a duly licensed Luxembourg credit institution under Article 2 of the law of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector acting as a separate controller. The personal data collected and processed by Payment Solution Provider are subject to the Hyperwallet privacy policy (
https://pay.hyperwallet.com/hw2web/consumer/page/privacyAgreement.xhtml
). As further explained in our Terms and Conditions, you may be asked by PayPal to provide additional information for “Know Your Customer” (KYC) procedure. The KYC checks carried out by Payment Solution Provider are distinct and independent of the verifications that BlaBlaCar may carry out in relation to the use of Platform and are subject to the Hyperwallet privacy policy.
5. How do we use and moderate your messages?
5.1.
We may read the messages you exchange with other members of our community through our Platform for fraud prevention, service improvement, customer support purposes, enforcement of the contracts entered into with our members (such as our Terms and Conditions). For example, in order to prevent the circumventing of our online booking system, we may scan and analyse messages sent through our Platform to check that they do not include any contact details or references to other websites and, where applicable, messages can be blocked, or totally or partially filtered.
5.2.
We never scan or analyse your messages with other members of our community for commercial and advertising purposes. We may use automated methods to carry out the moderation of these messages, but no automated individual decision-making is performed in this regard.
6. Targeted ads and our communications sent by e-mail and/or text messages
In accordance with applicable laws and where required with your consent, we may use the information you give us on our Platform for electronic direct marketing purposes (e.g. (i) receiving our newsletters, (ii) receiving invitations to our events or other communications that we think may interest you or (ii) serving you with targeted advertising on social media platforms or third parties websites) based on your profile and interests.
For electronic marketing communications
:
You can withdraw your consent at any time by (i) modifying your preferences in your profile, (ii) clicking on the unsubscribe link we provide in each communication sent to you, or (iii) contacting us using the contact details provided in section 13 below.
For targeted ads and content
:
on social media (e.g. Facebook): you can object at any time by configuring your settings regarding advertisement directly via your social media account or by contacting us pursuant article 13 below;
on third party websites: please refer to our
Cookie Policy
to see how to object.
7. Is your Information being transferred, how and where?
In principle, we store the Personal Data that we hold about you in the European Union (“
EU
“). However, since for example some of our service providers are based in countries outside of the European Union (“third countries”), we also transfer some of your data to third countries. This may include third countries where the European Commission has not taken the decision that such third country ensures an adequate level of protection. In that case, we ensure that the transfer is performed in accordance with the applicable legislation and that appropriate safeguards have been put in place (especially standard contractual clauses as issued by the European Commission) in order to guarantee a sufficient level of protection of individuals’ private life and fundamental rights.
By sending a request to the Group Data Protection Officer (dataprotection@blablacar.com), we can provide you with the details regarding such appropriate safeguards (for example, the standard contractual clauses issued by the European Commission).
8. What are your rights in respect of your personal data?
8.1.
You are entitled to receive a copy of your personal data that is in our possession (
your right of data access
).
8.2.
For processing activities carried out on the basis of your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time as described in Article 3.
8.3.
You may request the deletion of personal data or the correction of inaccurate personal data (
your right to erasure and rectification
). Please note that we may keep certain information concerning you, as required by law, or when we have a legal basis to do so. For instance, if we believe you have committed fraud or violated our Terms and Conditions and we want to prevent you from circumventing the rules applicable to our community.
8.4.
You have the right to object at any time (i) to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, or (ii) other processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interest (
your right to object to processing
).
8.5.
You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data (
your right to restriction of processing
). Please note that this only applies if (i) you contested the accuracy of your personal data and we are verifying the accuracy of the personal data, (ii) you exercised your right to object and we are still considering, as foreseen by the applicable law, whether the legitimate reasons we are pursuing prevail over yours; or (iii) your personal data has been processed by us in an unlawful way and you request a restriction on their processing rather than erasure; or (iv) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of processing, but they are still necessary for you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
8.6.
You have the right to data portability, i.e. the right to receive the Personal Data you have provided us with, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit this data to another controller (
your right to data portability
).
8.7.
You also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant data protection supervisory authority or to seek a remedy through the courts if you believe that your rights have been breached.
8.8.
You have the right to establish directives regarding the fate of your Personal Data after your death.
8.9.
To exercise your rights, please contact the Group Data Protection Officer using the contact details provided in section 13 below.
9. Cookies & similar technologies
To find out more, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
10. Confidentiality of your password
Where you have chosen a password which enables you to access your account on our Platform, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
11. Links to other websites and social media
Our Platform may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy practices and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any Personal Data to these websites.
12. Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page. Where appropriate, we will notify you or seek your consent. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
13. Contact & Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you have any requests relating to your Personal Data, you can contact us via email to our Data Protection Officer at
dataprotection@blablacar.com
——— O ———– O ————-Privacy and Data Protection Policy
Terms & Conditions
| Privacy Policy |
Cookies Policy
Version applicable from 18 February 2025
1. General
Comuto SA (hereinafter, “BlaBlaCar”), (whose registered office is located at 84, avenue de la République, 75011 Paris, France) attaches great importance to the protection and respect of your privacy.
BlaBlaCar has developed a ridesharing platform accessible on a website or in the form of a mobile application, and designed to (i) (i) to put drivers travelling to a given destination in contact with passengers going in the same direction, in order to enable them to share the Trip and therefore the associated costs, (ii) to book tickets for bus trips operated by Bus Operators (the “Bus Operators”) and (iii) search for and make the purchase from BlaBlaCar Train Tickets from the train operators (the “Rail Companies”) that we distribute (hereinafter, the “Platform”).
Comuto SA acts as a data controller regarding the collection, use and sharing of the information that you provide to us through the Platform.
In the event that you purchase Bus Tickets or Train Tickets, your personal data will be transmitted respectively to the Bus Operators or Rail Companies which act as separate data controllers. The data controller for journeys operated by BlaBlaCar Bus is Comuto Pro, a 100% subsidiary of Comuto SA, whose head office is located at 84, avenue de la République – 75011 Paris. Comuto SA and/or Comuto Pro will hereinafter be referred to as “BlaBlaCar”, “we” or “us”.
In the event that you subscribe to insurance products through the Platform or insurance products distributed by BlaBlaCar, the person responsible for processing the data collected and/or processed as part of this subscription is the company BlaBla Insurance, a 100% subsidiary of Comuto SA, whose head office is located at 84, avenue de la République – 75011 Paris. Comuto SA and/or BlaBla Insurance will hereinafter be referred to as “BlaBlaCar”, “we” or “us”.
Regarding other data controllers responsible for certain activities, please refer to the section “Who are the recipients of the information we collect and why do we share this information with them? ?” below.
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms & Conditions and any document referred to therein as well as our Cookie Policy) explains how we process the personal data we collect and that you provide to us. We invite you to read this document carefully to know and understand our practices regarding the processing of your personal data that we implement.
2. Information we collect
We may collect and process the following data:
2.1. Information you send to us directly
By using our Platform, you may provide us with information, some of which may identify you or the passengers for whom you are making reservations (“Personal Data”). This is particularly the case when you fill out forms (such as the registration form), when you participate in one of our games, competitions, promotional offers, studies or surveys, when you contact us – whether by telephone, email or any other means of communication – or when you inform us of a problem concerning the use of our Platform.
This information contains in particular the following data:
2.1.1. The data necessary for registration and provision of the service we provide on our Platform:
– Creation of an account: Your first and last name, email address, date of birth, password are required to create an account on the Platform.
– Reserving and/or publishing a carpool trip: Your telephone number is necessary for publishing or booking a carpool trip.
– Reserving a Bus Ticket: You can reserve a bus ticket via your account or only with your email address. Passenger information (surname, first name and date of birth) is mandatory.
– Reserving a Train Ticket: You can reserve a train ticket via your account or only with your email address and telephone number. Passenger information (surname, first name, date of birth and identity document number for a reservation in Spain) is mandatory.
Otherwise, BlaBlaCar will not be able to provide you with the services offered by our Platform or, where applicable, you will not be authorized to create an account on our Platform;
2.1.2. A photograph published on your profile;
2.1.3. A postal address;
2.1.4. Your mini-biography,
2.1.5 Your gender when you provide this information;
2.1.6. A copy of all written exchanges between you and BlaBlaCar; we may record and/or listen to telephone conversations between you and BlaBlaCar (for example, with our Customer Service);
2.1.7. A copy of all reservations or publications made on our Platform;
2.1.8. Details of financial or accounting transactions carried out on our Platform or by any other means, including information relating to your payment card, your banking details, information relating to journeys booked or for which you have published an advertisement on our Platform. This information may include your travel preferences;
2.1.9. Details of your visits to our Platform and the content you accessed;
2.1.10. Where applicable, your responses to our surveys and questionnaires and the opinions you have left to evaluate a trip made through our Platform, this information being particularly likely to be used in the context of research and analysis of user behavior;
2.1.11. The data that we may ask you to provide when you notify us of a problem relating to our Platform or our services, such as the subject of your support request;
2.1.12. Data linked to your location so that we can respond to your search for trips near you or to facilitate the publication of a trip;
2.1.13. A copy of your passport, your identity card or any other similar document that you have agreed to provide to us as part of the Verified Profile;
2.1.14. Data relating to your insurance subscription, as well as your waivers of these subscriptions, if applicable, and a copy of the declarations made and forms completed for the purposes of subscriptions or contract management.
2.2. Data we collect automatically
2.2.1. In the event that you connect to our services using the social network features made available to you, BlaBlaCar will have access to certain of the data (in particular, your first name, last name, photograph and email address) of your account on said social network in accordance with the general conditions of use of the social network concerned. We may also collect some of your Personal Data when you interact with features of these social networks, such as “Like” features.
2.2.2. During each of your visits, we may collect, in accordance with applicable legislation and with your consent, if applicable, information relating to the devices on which you use our services or to the networks from which you access our services, such as in particular your IP addresses, connection data, types and versions of internet browsers used, types and versions of plugins of your browser, operating systems and platforms, data concerning your navigation path on our Platform, in particular your journey on the different URL pages of our Platform, the content to which you access or that you view, the search terms used, download errors, length of time you view certain pages, your device’s advertising ID, interactions with the page, and any phone number used to contact us. Among the technologies used to collect this information, we use cookies (to find out more about this, please refer to our Cookie Policy).
2.2.3. We also collect information about your use of our Platform (such as the number of advertisements published, your response rate to messages, your registration date, your average reviews received, etc.) which may be displayed on your public profile, when you have one.
2.2.4. Finally, we collect information about you from our insurer partners or insurance intermediaries as part of your requests for eligibility for insurance programs or your subscription to insurance contracts offered when we act as an insurance agent.
2.3. Duration of retention of your data
2.3.1. With the exception of the categories of Personal Data referred to in articles 2.3.2. and 2.3.3. below, your Personal Data is archived at the end of the following periods:
– 5 years after your last use of our Platform, if you have not closed your account;
– 30 days after closing your account, unless you have received a negative review or report, in which case your data is kept for 2 years following the closure of your account.
2.3.2. The following categories of Personal Data may be retained for different periods of time:
– Financial data (e.g. payments, reimbursements, etc.) are kept for the period required by applicable tax and accounting laws (e.g. accounting documents and vouchers are kept for up to 10 years);
– The data collected as part of the subscription to insurance products are kept for the duration of the insurance contract subscribed and the duration necessary to manage your claims if applicable;
– The content created by you on our Platform (such as comments, opinions and ratings) is made anonymous after the deadlines mentioned in 2.3.1 but remains visible on our Platform;
– Logging data is retained for up to 12 months from collection;
– Telephone conversations with our Customer Service are kept for up to 1 month and analysis documents (such as the time or duration of the call) are kept for up to 1 year,
– The data related to the control of your identity documents are kept for a period of one (1) year in order to carry out checks and detect fraud.
– The information relating to your payment card that you have consented to be recorded for your future transactions on the Platform is retained until the moment you withdraw your consent, or until the expiration date of the payment card, whichever comes first.
2.3.3. In the event that your account has been suspended or blocked, we retain your data for a period of 2 or 10 years depending on the severity of the violation from the suspension in order to avoid any circumvention on your part of the rules in force on our Platform.
2.3.4. Then, we may keep some of your Personal Data in archives for a period not exceeding five (5) years in order to comply with our legal obligations and for the management of possible disputes.
3. How do we use the data we collect?
We implement various processing operations relating to your personal data, the purposes and legal bases of which are detailed below:
PURPOSE
LEGAL BASIS
Allow you to use the Platform
3.1
execute contracts entered into between you and us and provide you with the information and services requested;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
3.2
Collect your payments and send you the amounts owed to you
via our payment solutions;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations and compliance with our legal obligations.
3.3
allow you to save your payment card information for your future transactions on the Platform
;
This processing is carried out on the basis of your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your information in your profile or by contacting our Customer Service.
3.4
allow you to personalize your profile on our Platform;
This processing is carried out on the basis of your consent.  You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your personalized information in your profile or by contacting our Customer Service.
3.5
allow you to communicate and exchange with other members of our community or the transport operators distributed on the Platform, in particular with regard to our services or the journey(s) already taken or that you plan to take;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
3.6
allow you to use the interactive features of our services if you wish, such as searching for trips around you based on your location or publishing trips based on your location;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
Customer Service Management
3.7
give you access and allow you to communicate with our Customer Service;
This processing is necessary for the execution of our respective contractual obligations.
3.8
improve our Customer Service and train our customer advisors by recording your telephone conversations with us;
This processing is based on our legitimate interests (providing you with quality customer support/improving our customer support). You can object to this processing during each contact.
The fight against fraud and compliance with the T&Cs
3.9
Detect, prevent and react to any breach or non-compliance on your part with the Terms and Conditions. For these purposes, we use automatic analysis technologies of your use of the Platform.
In this context, certain decisions can be taken automatically. These decisions are based on defined criteria and aim to identify and prevent fraudulent behavior within our services. To make these automated decisions, we may process different categories of data, for example, email address, telephone number, IP address, information relating to payment methods, information about your use of our services, etc.
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to avoid any circumvention on your part of the rules in force on our Platform and to maintain a healthy and secure environment on our Platform). You can exercise your right of opposition by contacting our Customer Service.  The legal basis for data processing in the context of automated decision-making is the performance of the contract between you and us. You have the right to obtain human intervention from us, to express your point of view and to contest the decision by contacting our Customer Service.
3.10
Verify your identity declared on your profile and allow you to obtain the “Verified Profile” badge.
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
This processing may be made mandatory in accordance with the legal obligations incumbent on our payment providers, in which case the processing is necessary for the execution of our respective contractual obligations.
Communications
3.11
send you the documents and information necessary for the use of our services (such as, for example, reservation confirmations) by e-mail, text messages or any other means of communication;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations. You can change your communication preferences in your profile settings on the app.
3.12
In order to inform you, by email, SMS or any other means of communication, of changes made to our services and to support you in the use of our services.
This processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant information). In this case, you can object to this processing during each contact and you can manage your preferences directly in the preference center.
3.13
contact you by email, text message, telephone call or other means of communication for marketing purposes regarding BlaBlaCar services and products.
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to offer you relevant advertisements), in this case you have a right to object which you can exercise by modifying your communication preferences in your profile settings on the application, by contacting our Customer Service or by following the specific instructions provided in the corresponding communication channel (for example, by clicking on the unsubscribe link; by responding with ‘STOP’; by expressing your opposition during the telephone call, etc.).
3.14
send you emails for marketing purposes regarding the services and products of our third party partners.
This processing is based on your consent. You can withdraw your consent via your communications preferences in your profile; by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in the communication; or by contacting our Customer Service.
3.15
Send you advertising messages that may be of interest to you on social media platforms or third party sites or to create exclusion lists for advertising messages. If you would like more information on this subject, we invite you to read the contractual documents of these platforms or sites. For more information, please see Section 7 Targeted Advertising.
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to offer you relevant advertising), in this case you have a right to object or on your consent when the law requires it (you can withdraw your consent via your cookie preferences).
3.16
monitor customer relations and in particular carry out (by email, telephone calls or text messages) satisfaction surveys and studies including surveys, product tests and statistics;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (evaluating our Platform and the services we provide in order to improve them). You can object to this processing when making contact.
3.17
evaluate the effectiveness of the advertising messages we send and adapt them to our users.
This processing is based (i) on our legitimate interest (measuring and optimizing the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns) or (ii) on your consent, when required by law (You are free to change your mind at any time and adjust the cookie settings later. Simply go to the cookie settings displayed in the footer or in your BlaBlaCar account settings).
Improving and securing our Platform
3.18
manage our Platform and carry out internal technical operations in the context of problem solving, data analysis, testing, research;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (ensuring the security of our Platform and improving its characteristics).
3.18
improve and optimize our Platform, in particular to ensure that the display of our content is adapted to your device;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant content).
Studies and research
3.19
carry out studies or research in the field of the environment, mobility, energy savings or extra-financial performance
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (evaluating the impacts of our mobility offers) or is necessary to comply with our legal obligations such as our extra-financial reporting obligations.
Responding to legal requests and protecting our rights
3.20
respond to legal requisitions or any other request legally founded in law,
This processing is based on our legal obligations.
3.21
defend and protect our interests when this is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal right
This processing is based on the performance of the contract or our legitimate interests.
4. Who are the recipients of the information we collect and why do we transmit this information to them?
4.1. As part of the use of our services, some of your information is transmitted to other members of our community through your public profile or as part of the reservation process (for example we communicate your telephone number to the people with whom you will be traveling to facilitate the organization of your carpool, your age is displayed on your public profile to help maintain a high level of trust among our members). We publish the reviews you write as part of our review system on our Platform. These notices, which contain your first name and the first letter of your last name as well as your photograph, are visible to all visitors to our Platform.
4.2 We share your personal data with Bus Operators and Railway Companies for the purposes of providing transport services. In these cases, the Bus Operators and the Railway Companies act as separate data controllers and the processing of your personal data is subject to their respective privacy policies. The transport companies operating on behalf of BlaBlaCar Bus act as subcontractors and within the framework of the execution of any contract concluded between you and us.
4.3 We may also share information about you, including Personal Data, with other entities of the BlaBlaCar group within the framework provided for in this Privacy Policy. In the event that we sell or acquire a company or assets, we reserve the right to share your Personal Data with the potential seller or buyer of this company or these assets. If BlaBlaCar or all or part of its assets are purchased by a third party, the data in our possession will, where applicable, be transferred to the new owner.
4.4 We may disclose information about you to courts, police authorities, customs, governmental or public authorities, tax authorities, or authorized third parties, if and to the extent we have a legal obligation to do so or if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to (i) respond to any claim against BlaBlaCar, (ii) comply with any legal request, (iii) enforce any contract entered into with our members, such as the Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy (iv) in the event of an emergency involving public health or the physical integrity of a person, (v) in the context of inquiries and investigations, or (vi) in order to guarantee the rights, property and security of BlaBlaCar, its members and more generally any third party.
4.5 We may share data with organizations responsible for creating energy savings certificates, on the basis of their public interest mission to justify the energy savings achieved through long-distance carpooling.
4.6 We also work in close collaboration with third party organizations which may have access to your Personal Data, and in particular with:
social media platforms which may offer you features allowing you to integrate information from your account on their own platform into your BlaBlaCar profile;
our commercial partners who promote their services on our Platform and to which you can decide to subscribe. These services may in particular consist of insurance services, banking services, vehicle rental services, etc.;
our insurer partners or insurance intermediaries in order to confirm your eligibility for insurance programs, communicate a price to you, enable your subscription to the insurance contracts offered and the management of your claims if applicable (or the management of claims concerning journeys that you have made with another insured member of our community) and meet their legal and regulatory obligations;
our business partners on whose website we may advertise our services;
the subcontractors we use in particular for technical services, electronic signatures, payment services, identity verification and driving licenses, customer relations centers and even providers of analytical solutions.
4.7 We do not share your data with the third parties mentioned in 4.6. above only in the following cases:
When we use a service provider as part of the execution of any contract concluded between you and us or in order to provide or improve our services (for example in the context of payments made via our Platform);
when we use search engine and analytics solution providers to improve and optimize our Platform; we may also share information with our insurance partners that allows us to evaluate and improve the performance of our insurance products and optimize their design. You have the possibility to object to this processing by contacting the contact indicated in article 14 below;
when you expressly request it (for example when you use the authentication methods provided by social networks, subscribe to a service provided by one of our partners, ask to benefit from an offer or a good deal from one of our partners);
when we distribute, on the websites of our commercial partners, certain parts of our Platform (including the journeys you have posted) via APIs or widgets. In this case, certain information from your public profile may also be displayed on these sites.
4.8 In accordance with applicable legislation and with your consent where required (in this case, you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Customer Service), we may aggregate data which concerns you and which we receive or send to our commercial partners, in particular all or part of your Personal Data and information collected via cookies. This aggregated information will only be used for the purposes described above.
4.9 We draw your attention to the fact that if you decide to let us access some of your information, in particular your Personal Data, via connection services made available by our commercial partners, their confidentiality policies are also binding on you. We have no control over the collection or processing of your data implemented by our commercial partners on their own platform.
4.10 We act as joint controllers with third party companies in the following cases:
– As part of the “franchise buyback” carpooling insurance offered on the Platform, BlaBlaCar and AXA France IARD implement processing of personal data and are jointly responsible for this processing (in particular, BlaBlaCar is in charge of collecting information relating to subscriptions, and AXA France IARD is responsible for managing the insurance product offered to BlaBlaCar members). For more details on the use of personal data by AXA France IARD, we invite you to refer to the “Personal Data” policy accessible on its website.
– Concerning the carpooling offer offered as part of a Ulys electronic toll subscription, the Customer Number that you communicate to BlaBlaCar is transmitted to ASF, a VINCI Autoroutes Group company, issuer of the electronic toll subscription in order to benefit from the discount on management fees according to the conditions of the carpooling offer. As part of this offer, BlaBlaCar and ASF implement processing of personal data and are jointly responsible for this processing (in particular, BlaBlaCar is in charge of collecting information relating to journeys made by carpooling, and ASF is in charge of managing the carpooling offer proposed as part of the electronic toll subscription and more precisely the application on management fees). In accordance with the joint liability contract, you can exercise your rights with us or with ASF. For more details on the use of personal data by ASF, we invite you to refer to the “Personal Data” policy accessible on its site internet.
– In the context of advertising on social networks, we use “Facebook Event Manager”, a Meta Ireland tool. BlaBlaCar and Meta Ireland are joint controllers of processing relating to personal data (in particular, BlaBlaCar is in charge of collecting personal data relating to your actions on the Platform and their subsequent transmission to Meta Ireland, and Meta Ireland is in charge of creating audiences). In accordance with the Joint Responsibility Agreement, Meta is responsible for handling data subject requests. To exercise your rights and find out more about the processing carried out by Meta Ireland, we invite you to refer to the
Meta Privacy Policy
.
4.11 In accordance with applicable regulations, transactions are processed by our payment service providers, respectively PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. and Cie, S.C.A., as a payment solution provider, a Luxembourg credit institution duly authorized under Article 2 of the law of 5 April 1993 relating to the financial sector and by Adyen N.V., a financial institution regulated by the Dutch central bank. They act as separate data controllers. As explained in more detail in our Terms and Conditions, these payment service providers may ask you to provide additional information as part of the “Know Your Customer” (KYC) procedure such as a copy of your identity document, your home address, your date of birth and your bank identity statement. The KYC checks carried out by the payment solution provider are separate and independent from the verifications that BlaBlaCar may carry out in relation to the use of the platform and are subject to their respective privacy policies, accessible at the following link for PayPal https://pay.hyperwallet.com/hw2web/consumer/page/privacyAgreement.xhtml) and for Adyen (https://www.adyen.com/privacy-policy/compliance-obligations) .
5. How do we use and moderate your messages?
5.1. We may take note of the messages that you exchange with other members of our community via our Platform, in particular for the purposes of fraud prevention, improvement of our services, user assistance, verification of compliance by our members with contracts concluded with us and in particular with our Terms and Conditions. For example, in order to prevent a member from circumventing our online reservation system, we authorize ourselves to browse and analyze the messages exchanged on our Platform to ensure that they do not contain any contact details or references to other websites and, if necessary, this may result in blocking of these messages or filtering of all or part of these messages.
5.2. We never learn your communications with other members of our community for promotional or advertising targeting purposes. Where possible, we use automated systems to moderate messages transmitted between members via our Platform, without any individual decision being made.
6. Targeted Online Advertising
6.1 In accordance with applicable law and with your consent where required, we may use the data you provide to us on our Platform, such as some of your profile data and browsing data, to display (or exclude) you from targeted advertisements on social media platforms or third-party sites, based on your profile and based on your interests or activities on our platform. This processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest in showing you advertisements for similar services. You can object to this processing at any time by configuring the parameters relating to the advertising of your account directly on the platform of said social network or by contacting us according to the terms described in article 14 below.
6.2 In application of the Digital Market Act, “access controllers” or “Gatekeepers” whose list is kept up to date by the European Commission requires your consent to show you targeted advertisements. We collect your consent via the preference management banner. You are free to change your mind at any time and adjust the preference settings later. Simply go to the cookie settings which are displayed in the footer or in your BlaBlaCar account settings.
7. Is your data transferred, how and where?
7.1 As a general rule, we store your Personal Data within the European Union. However, to the extent that, for example, some of our service providers are located in countries outside the European Union (“Third Countries”), we transfer some of your Personal Data to Third Countries. This may particularly be the case for Third Countries for which the European Commission has not taken an “adequate protection” decision. In such a case, we ensure that this transfer is carried out in compliance with the applicable regulations and guarantees a sufficient level of protection of the privacy and fundamental rights of individuals (in particular by the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission).
7.2 Upon simple request to our Data Protection Officer (dataprotection@blablacar.com), we can provide you with more information regarding these guarantees (in particular the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission).
8. What are your rights over your personal data?
8.1 You have the right to receive a copy of your Personal Data in our possession (“right of access”).
8.2 For processing activities carried out on the basis of your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time as described in Article 3.
8.3 You can also request the erasure of your Personal Data as well as the rectification of erroneous or obsolete Personal Data (“right of erasure and right of rectification”). Please note that we may retain certain information about you when required to do so by law or when we have a legitimate reason to do so. This is for example the case if we believe that you have committed fraud or violated our Terms and Conditions and we want to prevent you from circumventing the rules applicable to our community.
8.4 You also have the right to object at any time to (i) the processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, or (ii) other processing carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest for reasons relating to your particular situation (“right to object”).
8.5 You have the right to limit the processing carried out on your Personal Data (“right to limitation”). Please note that this right only applies if (i) you contest the accuracy of your Personal Data for the period allowing us to verify the accuracy of your Personal Data; (ii) in the event of unlawful processing on our part and you request a limitation of their use rather than erasure, (iii) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing but you still need them for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; iv) in the event of exercising your right of opposition during the verification period to determine whether the legitimate reasons we are pursuing prevail over yours.
8.6 You also have the right to portability of your data, i.e. the right to receive the Personal Data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit this data to another data controller (“right to portability”).
8.7 You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority or obtain redress from the competent courts if you consider we have not respected your rights.
8.8 You also have the right to define directives relating to the fate of your Personal Data after your death.
8.9 To exercise these rights, you can contact our Personal Data Protection Officer according to the terms defined in article 13 below.
8.10 To exercise your rights within the framework of the carpooling offer offered as part of a Ulys electronic toll subscription: you benefit from a right of access to your information as well as a right to rectify and delete this information, and a right to object to the processing of this information which you can exercise by contacting ASF at the contact details indicated on its
website
. site internet or by contacting our personal data protection delegate according to the terms defined in article 13 below.
9.Cookies and similar technologies
To find out more, see our
Cookie Policy
.
10.Confidentiality of your password
You are responsible for the confidentiality of the password you choose to access your account on our Platform.
You agree to keep this password secret and not to communicate it to anyone.
11. Links to other websites and social networks
Our Platform may occasionally contain links to the websites of our partners or third-party companies. Please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we accept no responsibility for the use made by these sites of information collected when you click on these links. We invite you to read the privacy policies of these sites before transmitting your Personal Data to them.
12. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may occasionally modify this Privacy Policy. When necessary, we will inform you and/or seek your consent. We advise you to regularly consult this page to be aware of any modifications or updates made to our Privacy Policy.
13. Contact
For any questions relating to this Privacy Policy or for any request relating to your Personal Data, you can contact us by sending an email to our data protection officer at dataprotection@blablacar.com or by sending us a letter to the address mentioned at the top of this document.
————- 0 —————- 0 ——————-
Effective date: 5 February 2024
1. General
Comuto SA (whose registered office is at 84, avenue de la République, 75011 Paris, France) (“
BlaBlaCar
”, “we”, “our” or “us”), acting as data controller, is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This notice (the “
Privacy Policy
”) is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that you may provide via our platform  accessible from the website www.blablacar.co.uk or our mobile applications (the “
Platform
“).
This Privacy Policy (together with our
Terms and Conditions
, any other documents referred to in it and our
Cookie Policy
) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
2. What information do we collect from you and for how long?
We may collect and process the following data about you:
2.1. Information you give us
You may give us information, including information that can identify you or passengers for whom you book seats (“
Personal Data
“), when you use our Platform, by filling in forms on the Platforms (such as the sign-up form), when you enter into any of our competitions, promotions or surveys, when you correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, and when you report a problem related to the use of our Platform.
The information you give us may include:
2.1.1.
Mandatory information required to register for and for the provision of the service we provide on our Platform or to access other services provided by us, including your name, email address, date of birth, and a password. All these fields are mandatory for creating an account on our Platform. Additionally, your phone number is required for publishing or booking carpooling trips. When booking bus tickets, your email address and passenger information are also mandatory. BlaBlaCar will not be able to provide you with the services offered on our Platform if the required information is not provided or, if applicable, you will not be able to register for an user account on our Platform
;
2.1.2.
A photograph;
2.1.3.
A postal address;
2.1.4.
Details on your cars;
2.1.5.
Your mini-biography, your gender when you agree to provide that information;
2.1.6.
A record of any correspondence between you and BlaBlaCar; we may record and/or listen to the phone calls between you and BlaBlaCar (for example, with the agents of our Community Relations service). We give you the possibility to object to that processing at the beginning of the call;
2.1.7.
A record of any bookings you have made or trip related advertisements you have placed with or through our Platform;
2.1.8.
Details of accounting or financial transactions including transactions carried out through our Platform or otherwise. This may include information such as your payment card or bank account details, details of trips or legs you have booked or offered through our Platform.
These information may include your trip preferences
;
2.1.9.
Details of your visits to our Platform and the resources that you access;
2.1.10.
Your replies to any surveys or questionnaires, such as your reviews on the trips made through our Platform. Such information may be used for analytic & user understanding purposes;
2.1.11.
Information we may require from you when you report a problem with our Platform or our service, such as the subject of your request for support;
2.1.12.
Location information, so that we can respond to your search for trips near you or facilitate the publication of your trip
; and
2.1.13.
A copy of your Passport, Driving Licence, ID Card and such other similar documents that you agreed to provide to us within the context of Verified Profile.
2.2. Information we collect automatically
2.2.1.
If you sign up via social media authentication methods, BlaBlaCar will access certain Personal Data (e.g. first name, surname, picture and email) in your social media account pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions of these social media platforms. We may also collect some of your Personal Data when you interact with third party social media features, such as “Like” functions.
2.2.2.
With regard to each of your visits to our Platform we may collect, in accordance with applicable laws and where required with your consent, information relating to the devices you use and the networks you are connected to when using our services. This may include the following information: your IP address, log-in information, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, information about your visit including the URL clickstream to the different pages of our Platform, content you viewed or searched for, search terms used, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, the advertising identifier of your device, page interaction and any phone number used to contact us. We collect this information through the use of various technologies including cookies (for further information please refer to our
Cookie Policy
).
2.2.3.
We also collect aggregated information regarding your activity on our Platform (such as the amount of rides offered, your message response rate, etc.). Such information may be published on your public profile, should you have one.
2.2.4.
Finally, we collect information about you from our insurance partners or intermediary in connection with your request for eligibility for the insurance programs or your subscription to the  insurance contracts proposed when we act as insurance representative.
2.3. Data retention
2.3.1.
Except regarding the categories of Personal Data mentioned in clauses 2.3.2 and 2.3.3 below, your Personal Data will be archived after the following retention periods:
5 years after your last use of our Platform, if you did not close your account;
30 days after the closing of your account, except if you received a negative rating or report, in which case your data is stored for 2 years following the closing of your account.
2.3.2.
The following categories of Personal Data may be stored for different durations:
Financial data (e.g. payments, reimbursements, etc.) is stored for the duration required by applicable tax and accounting laws (for example, the accounting documents are stored for up to 10 years);
All user-generated content (e.g. comments, feedback and ratings) is anonymised according to the durations mentioned in section 2.3.1 but remains available on our Platform;
Log data are stored for up to 12 months from the date of their collection;
The phone calls with our Community Relations service are stored for up to 1 month and the analysis documents (such as time and duration of the call) are stored up to 1 year.
Data collected for the ID verification process and for the detection of fraud are stored for 1 year.
The payment card information that you consented to save for your future transactions on the Platform is stored until the time you withdraw your consent, or the expiration date of the payment card, whichever occurs earlier.
2.3.3.
In the event that your account is suspended or blocked, we will keep your data for a period of 2 or 10 years depending on the gravity of the breach in order to prevent you from circumventing the rules applying to our Platforms.
2.3.4.
We may archive some of your Personal Data for a period that will not exceed five (5) years in order to comply with our legal obligations and to manage potential disputes.
3. How do we use the information we collect from you?
We will use the information we collect:
PURPOSES
LEGAL BASIS
3.1.
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us or you and our business partners and to provide you with the information and services that you requested;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations.
3.2.
to send you service-related information by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means (e.g. your booking confirmation);
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual obligations.
3.3.
to collect payment from you or to enable payments of Cost contribution on the Platform via Hyperwallet Payment Solution
;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations and for compliance with the legal obligations.
3.4
to enable you to save your payment card information for your future transactions on the Platform;
This processing is carried out with your consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your information in your profile or by contacting our Community Relations service.
3.5.
to enable you to personalize your user profile on our Platform;
This processing is carried out with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your information in your profile or by contacting our Community Relations service.
3.6.
to enable you to communicate and interact with other members or with bus transport operators distributed on the Platform about our services or about the trips(s) you have/will do and/or to organise such trips;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations.
3.7.
to give you access to and to enable you to communicate with our Community Relations service;
This processing is (i) necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, or (ii) necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.8.
to enhance our Community Relation service and train our customers agents through the record of your phone conversations with us;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to provide you a high quality customer support/to enhance our customer support).
You can object to this processing during each contact.
3.9.
to ensure compliance with (i) applicable laws, (ii) our Terms and Conditions, and (iii) our Privacy Policy. Certain breaches that we regard as inappropriate may lead to the suspension of your account on our Platform. For these purposes, we may use technologies to automatically analyse your use of the Platform, including the content of your publications, in order to detect any behaviour that may constitute a violation on your part;
This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations,
(ii) based on our legitimate interest (to prevent any circumvention of the rules in effect on our Platform), in which case you have the right to object,
or (iii) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.10.
to send you, by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means, in accordance with applicable laws and where required, with your consent, marketing materials and to make you suggestions and recommendations about goods or services related to our services that may interest you. We also use your data to target you in order to serve our ads on social media platforms or third-party sites,
or to create exclusion lists for advertising messages.
You can learn more about how these features work, and the data that we obtain about you, by visiting the relevant sections of the third party social media platforms or sites;
This processing is (i) based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent to receive commercial prospecting at any time by modifying your preferences in your profile, clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in each of our communications, or contacting our Community Relations service; or (ii) based on our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant advertisements); in this case, you have the right to object.
For more information, please refer to Article 6 – Targeted ads and our communications sent by e-mail and/or text messages.
3.11.
to notify you, by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means, about changes to our services or accompanying you in the use of our services
This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations or (iii) the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.12.
to verify the information contained in your Passport, Driving Licence, ID Card and other identity documents that may be collected from you at the time of registration or at any other time during your use of our Platform;
This processing is carried out (i) based on your consent within the context of obtaining the Verified Profile badge (in this case, you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Community Relations service,  (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations, or (iii) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.13.
to administer our Platforms and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. ensuring the security of our Platform and improving its features).
3.14.
to monitor customer relations and in particular to carry out (by email or phone calls) satisfaction surveys and studies including polls, product tests and statistics;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. evaluate our Platform and the services we provide in order to improve them). You can object to this processing when contacted.
3.15.
to improve our Platform to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. providing  you with meaningful content).
3.16.
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so, such as searching for trips around you based on your location
or publishing trips based on your location
;
This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations or (ii) based on your consent where required by law. In this case, you can withdraw your consent by disabling the access permissions directly in your phone’s operating system.
3.17.
as part of our efforts to keep our Platform safe and secure; namely for fighting against fraud; and
This processing is based on (i) our legitimate interest (fighting against fraud and ensuring the security of our Platforms), (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations, or (iii) carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.18.
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve, and to deliver relevant advertising to our users.
This processing is based on (i) our legitimate interest (i.e. measuring and optimising the efficiency of our advertising campaigns) or (ii) your consent where required by law. (You can change your cookie settings at any time. You can adjust them by simply going to the cookie settings displayed in the footer of the page or in your BlaBlaCar account settings.)
4. Who are the recipients of the Information we collect from you and for which purposes?
4.1.
When you use our services, some information about you is shared with the members of our communities or with bus transport operators distributed on our Platform, either on your public profile or during the booking process (e.g. we give your telephone number to the members with whom you will share a ride to facilitate the organization of your ride, your age is displayed on your public profile to help maintain a high level of trust among our members).
4.2.
We may receive and send information about you, including your Personal Data, with other BlaBlaCar entities and affiliates, for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
4.3.
We may disclose information about you to courts, law enforcement agencies, government or public authorities, tax authorities, or authorized third parties, if and to the extent that we are required to do so by law or in a good faith we believe that it is reasonably necessary to (i) respond to claims asserted against BlaBlaCar, (ii) to comply with legal proceedings, (iii) to enforce any agreement with our members such as our Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy, (iv) in the event of an emergency involving the danger of public health, death or physical injury to a person (v) in the framework of investigation or (vi) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of BlaBlaCar, its members or others
4.4.
We are also working closely with third parties which may be the recipients of your Personal Data such as:
our business partners who are social media platforms and which may provide you with connecting services, such as the connection of the information of your BlaBlaCar profile, from their social media platforms to our Platform;
our business partners who may advertise their services on our Platforms and to which you may decide to sign up for. Namely, these services may be insurance services, banking services, rental services, etc.;
our business partners who may advertise our services on their websites;
our sub-contractors including in technical, payment, identity verification and delivery services, or analytics providers.
4.5.
We only share  your Personal Data with any of these third parties mentioned in section 4.4 in the following cases:
4.5.1.
Where we resort a third party service provider, for the performance of any contract we enter into with you in order to facilitate or extend our services (e.g. in the framework of the payments made on our Platform);
4.5.2.
As part of the booking process and in order to provide the requested services, information such as your name, photography, mobile phone number and/or email address, may be displayed on the Platform and/or passed on to another member;
4.5.3.
As part of our rating system, the reviews you write will be published on the Platform. The reviews including your abbreviated name and photography are visible to all visitors of the Platform;
4.5.4.
We use analytics and search engine providers to assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Platforms;
4.5.5.
It is explicitly requested by you (e.g. with when using social media authentication methods, subscribe to a service provided by one of our partners, request to participate to an offer or a good deal of one of our partners);
4.5.6.
We may distribute parts of our Platforms (including the trips you have posted) for display on our business partners’ websites through API or widgets. In these cases, some information from your public profile may be displayed on these websites;;
4.5.7.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your Personal Data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
4.6.
In accordance with applicable law and where required with your consent (in this case you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Community Relations service), we may combine information about you, including your Personal Data and cookie information, we send to and receive from our business partners. We may only use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above.
4.7.
We draw your attention on the fact that if you decide to share your information, including Personal Data, with us through our business partners’ connecting services, any of our business partners’ privacy policies and/or notices may also be applicable to you, in addition to this Privacy Policy. We do not control the collection and/or the processing of your information eventually made by our business partners on their own platforms.
4.8.
As requested per the applicable regulations, the payouts are handled by PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., as a Payment Solution Provider, a duly licensed Luxembourg credit institution under Article 2 of the law of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector acting as a separate controller. The personal data collected and processed by Payment Solution Provider are subject to the Hyperwallet privacy policy (
https://pay.hyperwallet.com/hw2web/consumer/page/privacyAgreement.xhtml
). As further explained in our Terms and Conditions, you may be asked by PayPal to provide additional information for “Know Your Customer” (KYC) procedure. The KYC checks carried out by Payment Solution Provider are distinct and independent of the verifications that BlaBlaCar may carry out in relation to the use of Platform and are subject to the Hyperwallet privacy policy.
5. How do we use and moderate your messages?
5.1.
We may read the messages you exchange with other members of our community through our Platform for fraud prevention, service improvement, customer support purposes, enforcement of the contracts entered into with our members (such as our Terms and Conditions). For example, in order to prevent the circumventing of our online booking system, we may scan and analyse messages sent through our Platform to check that they do not include any contact details or references to other websites and, where applicable, messages can be blocked, or totally or partially filtered.
5.2.
We never scan or analyse your messages with other members of our community for commercial and advertising purposes. We may use automated methods to carry out the moderation of these messages, but no automated individual decision-making is performed in this regard.
6. Targeted ads and our communications sent by e-mail and/or text messages
In accordance with applicable laws and where required with your consent, we may use the information you give us on our Platform for electronic direct marketing purposes (e.g. (i) receiving our newsletters, (ii) receiving invitations to our events or other communications that we think may interest you or (ii) serving you with targeted advertising on social media platforms or third parties websites) based on your profile and interests.
For electronic marketing communications
:
You can withdraw your consent at any time by (i) modifying your preferences in your profile, (ii) clicking on the unsubscribe link we provide in each communication sent to you, or (iii) contacting us using the contact details provided in section 13 below.
For targeted ads and content
:
on social media (e.g. Facebook): you can object at any time by configuring your settings regarding advertisement directly via your social media account or by contacting us pursuant article 13 below;
on third party websites: please refer to our
Cookie Policy
to see how to object.
7. Is your Information being transferred, how and where?
In principle, we store the Personal Data that we hold about you in the European Union (“
EU
“). However, since for example some of our service providers are based in countries outside of the European Union (“third countries”), we also transfer some of your data to third countries. This may include third countries where the European Commission has not taken the decision that such third country ensures an adequate level of protection. In that case, we ensure that the transfer is performed in accordance with the applicable legislation and that appropriate safeguards have been put in place (especially standard contractual clauses as issued by the European Commission) in order to guarantee a sufficient level of protection of individuals’ private life and fundamental rights.
By sending a request to the Group Data Protection Officer (dataprotection@blablacar.com), we can provide you with the details regarding such appropriate safeguards (for example, the standard contractual clauses issued by the European Commission).
8. What are your rights in respect of your personal data?
8.1.
You are entitled to receive a copy of your personal data that is in our possession (
your right of data access
).
8.2.
For processing activities carried out on the basis of your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time as described in Article 3.
8.3.
You may request the deletion of personal data or the correction of inaccurate personal data (
your right to erasure and rectification
). Please note that we may keep certain information concerning you, as required by law, or when we have a legal basis to do so. For instance, if we believe you have committed fraud or violated our Terms and Conditions and we want to prevent you from circumventing the rules applicable to our community.
8.4.
You have the right to object at any time (i) to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, or (ii) other processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interest (
your right to object to processing
).
8.5.
You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data (
your right to restriction of processing
). Please note that this only applies if (i) you contested the accuracy of your personal data and we are verifying the accuracy of the personal data, (ii) you exercised your right to object and we are still considering, as foreseen by the applicable law, whether the legitimate reasons we are pursuing prevail over yours; or (iii) your personal data has been processed by us in an unlawful way and you request a restriction on their processing rather than erasure; or (iv) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of processing, but they are still necessary for you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
8.6.
You have the right to data portability, i.e. the right to receive the Personal Data you have provided us with, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit this data to another controller (
your right to data portability
).
8.7.
You also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant data protection supervisory authority or to seek a remedy through the courts if you believe that your rights have been breached.
8.8.
You have the right to establish directives regarding the fate of your Personal Data after your death.
8.9.
To exercise your rights, please contact the Group Data Protection Officer using the contact details provided in section 13 below.
9. Cookies & similar technologies
To find out more, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
10. Confidentiality of your password
Where you have chosen a password which enables you to access your account on our Platform, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
11. Links to other websites and social media
Our Platform may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy practices and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any Personal Data to these websites.
12. Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page. Where appropriate, we will notify you or seek your consent. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
13. Contact & Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you have any requests relating to your Personal Data, you can contact us via email to our Data Protection Officer at
dataprotection@blablacar.com
——— O ———– O ————-
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://pay.hyperwallet.com/hw2web/consumer/page/privacyAgreement.xhtml:
×
This version of Chrome is no longer
supported. Please
upgrade
your browser
now in order to continue using our platform.
Hyperwallet Privacy Policy
If the document you selected isn't displayed,
‏‏‎ ‎download a copy.