About Swedbank
Processing of personal data
Processing of your personal data
Swedbank has extensive experience in storing and handling customer data as part of our banking operations. It is important for us that you feel secure in how we use your personal information. We will protect and process your personal data in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation.
Read more about why and how Swedbank processes your personal data and what rights you have in the document “Swedbank Group Privacy Notice (PDF)”.
Swedbank Group Privacy Notice (PDF)
Swedbanks information om behandling av personuppgifter (PDF)
Below is a compilation of information about why and how your personal data is processed and what rights you have.
Data protection is important to us
Your personal data is processed so that you can use our products and services in a secure and easy manner. With your personal data it is possible for us to understand your needs better, give you faster service and offer you services that are adapted for you.
Swedbank processes your personal data in a correct manner. Customer data is protected by bank secrecy and is handled confidentially.
You have the right to know what personal data we process and for what purpose. You can change parts of your data, give your consent and make choices using the internet bank or the app, or by visiting our branch offices or by calling our Contact Centre.
Read more about Swedbank’s processing of personal data in the document "Swedbank Group Privacy Notice (PDF)" at the top of this page.
Personal data is any information that can be directly or indirectly connected to you as an individual such as your personal identity number, name, address, IP address registration number, etc.
Personal data might be directly collected from you when we sign an agreement relating to products such as a loan or insurance, but also at a later stage when you communicate with Swedbank and use our services.
Read more about Swedbank’s processing of personal data in the document "Swedbank Group Privacy Notice (PDF)" at the top of this page.
We process personal data to provide and market our services and to improve our products. We also process personal data to help us prevent money-laundering and terrorist financing, to prevent and investigate crimes, and to enable payments executions. Furthermore, personal data is processed to perform credit- and risk assessments.
Read more about Swedbank’s processing of personal data in the document "Swedbank Group Privacy Notice (PDF)" at the top of this page.
To be able to supply you with our services, it is at times necessary for us to share your personal data with other companies within the Swedbank Group or other suppliers that work on our behalf. We place the same demands on our partners regarding confidentiality and security of customer data that we place on ourselves.
We may also share data with, for example, the authorities, national credit reporting agencies and partners within international payment systems whenever necessary, as required by the law or judicial processes.
Read more about recipients of personal data in the document "Swedbank Group Privacy Notice (PDF)" at the top of this page.
In connection with the processing of your personal data, you have certain statutory rights. You are entitled to find out whether Swedbank is processing your personal data and, if this is the case, to obtain a copy of your data and information about personal data processing (i.e. a register extract).
You are also entitled, in some cases, to have incorrect data corrected, deleted or electronically transmitted. Additionally, you are entitled to object to the data processing and to request us to restrict the processing of your personal data.
If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, or wish to exercise any of your rights, you are welcome to contact us by visiting our branch offices, by contacting Customer Service Centre Private or by using the form “Request for register extract or other personal data right (PDF)”, available further down in this section. We will reply to you as soon as possible, but within a month at the latest. Our contact details are available in the section “Contact us, the Data Protection Officer or the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection”.
You are also entitled not to be subject to a decision that is based solely on automated decision-making, e.g., a home-loan decision or interest-rate decision and are therefore always entitled to request that the decision be made manually instead. In this case, contact Customer Service Centre Private or your branch office.
Read more about your rights in “Swedbank Group Privacy Notice (PDF)" at the top of this page” or in the information provided by the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (
www.imy.se/en/
).
Order form: “Request for register extract or other personal data right (PDF)
Swedbank will process and store your personal data for as long as it’s necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) of processing personal data and/or as long as required by applicable laws and regulations.
Read more about retention of personal data in the document "Swedbank Group Privacy Notice (PDF)" at the top of this page.
Swedbank uses direct marketing to provide you with personalised offers that we assess as being useful to you and that would enhance your usage of our services.
Our assumption is that customers want to receive our offers; however, if you do not want to receive any direct marketing from Swedbank, visit one of our Swedbank branch offices or contact Swedbank Customer Service Centre Private at +46 (0)771-22 11 22.
If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, or wish to exercise any of your rights, you are welcome to contact us by using the following contact details:
Postal address:
Swedbank AB, GSS Operations, Box 2083, 600 02 Norrköping.
Web:
You can easily and securely send messages to us by visiting swedbank.se and logging in to the Internet Bank. Go to Customer Service, select "Contact us", choose "Other contact methods" and select the topic “Make a GDPR Request”.
Telephone:
Customer Service Centre Private +46 (0)771-22 11 22
Bank branches:
Find your local branch office (in Swedish)
Swedbank has appointed a
Data Protection Officer
who can be reached by postal mail: Dataskyddsombud, Swedbank AB, 105 34 Stockholm or by e-mail:
dpo@swedbank.se
.
If you want to get in contact with the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection, we refer you to the contact details available on their homepage:
https://www.imy.se/en/
.
The Swedish Bankers' Association
Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (IMY)
Cookie Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-PRODE151450624:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.imy.se/en/:
Listen
The Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection's (IMY) role is to uphold the protection of personal data, monitoring that they are handled correctly and do not fall into the wrong hands.
What do you need today?
Read news in English
See lawful grounds for personal data processing
Current events
News in English
Publications
News in English
Publications
News
See more news
H&M has made it unnecessarily difficult to avoid marketing
19 October 2023
The Swedish Agency for Privacy Protection (IMY) has reviewed complaints concerning H&M and finds that the company has failed in its handling of requests from individuals who do not want to receive marketing from the company.
Administrative fine of SEK 35 million against Trygg-Hansa
05 September 2023
Trygg-Hansa's security flaws have meant that information about 650,000 customers has been accessible to unauthorized persons via the internet. The Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (IMY) is now issuing an administrative fine of SEK 35 million against the company.
Four companies must stop using Google Analytics
03 July 2023
The Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (IMY) has audited how four companies use Google Analytics for web statistics. IMY issues administrative fines against two of the companies. One of the companies has recently stopped using the statistics tool on its own initiative, while IMY orders the other three to also stop using it.
Our most commonly used forms and e-services
For individuals
For individuals
Complain about a processing of your personal data
Complain about camera surveillance
How to request a lawfulness check
All forms and e-services for individuals
For organisations
For organisations
Notification of a personal data breach
Announce that you have a data protection officer
All forms and e-services for organisations