App Privacy Policy
This information (hereinafter,
"Information"
or
"Cookie Policy"
) governs the processing of your personal data during the use of the application by
3BMeteo S.r.l.
with registered office at Via Don Carlo Botta 13, Bergamo (BG), Italy, VAT ID 04193510163, email support@3bmeteo.com (hereinafter, the "Data Controller"), in accordance with personal data protection regulations, particularly EU Regulation 2016/679 (hereinafter, "GDPR"), through the application you are using (hereinafter, the
App
).
1. Identity and contact details of the data controller
The Data Controller is
3B Meteo S.r.l.
As the Controller is established in Italy, no representative has been appointed.
2. Contact details of the data protection officer
The Data Controller has appointed a Data Protection Officer (
"DPO"
) pursuant to Article 37 of the GDPR. The DPO can be contacted at the following address:
dpo@3bmeteo.com
.
3. Processing methods
Paywall
The Data Controller's business model is based on the installation of tracking tools that involve profiling or, alternatively, on the acceptance of the
General Conditions of Use
to allow you to use the services provided through the App. Consequently, we offer you the following alternatives:
Easy Level:
without the installation of profiling tracking tools, in the absence of a subscription, you will be guaranteed very limited access to the service, coinciding with access to the information on the homepage and limited to one location per session;
Standard Level without profiling:
you can use the standard services offered through the App by subscribing at €6 per year, accepting the related
General Conditions of Use
. It is understood that in this case, you may still receive non-personalized advertisements;
Standard Level with profiling:
you can consent to the installation of profiling cookies, thus supporting the financing of the App. You can revoke your consent at any time, as specified in this Information.
3B+:
you can enjoy the standard services and additional services offered through the App by subscribing to 3B+ and accepting the related
General Conditions
.
We remind you that 3BMeteo does not operate on an exclusive basis. Should you not wish to subscribe and do not intend to accept profiling activities, you can enjoy the homepage of the website or choose one of the many alternative services.
At any time, you can refuse profiling activities and subscribe to a subscription and vice versa, also by accessing the privacy control panel within the App.
Identifiers and tracking tools
The App uses the following identifiers and tracking tools: Android Advertising ID and Apple IDFA, upon a new visit by you, allowing the collection of information about your browsing activity.
The described identifiers and tracking tools can be stored permanently on the App and have a variable duration, or they may not be persistently stored on your device and be automatically deleted upon closing the App.
The described identifiers and tracking tools can be installed by the App you are using or may be installed by third parties providing various services to such App (third parties).
3.1 Technical Identifiers and Tools
The identifiers and tracking tools in this category allow the App to function correctly and enable you to enjoy the "easy level" services on the App, in the case of no subscription and refusal to install profiling identifiers and tools.
3.2 Statistical Identifiers and Tools
The App also uses statistical identifiers and tracking tools made directly by the Data Controller or provided by third parties. With those made directly by the Data Controller, the latter will carry out statistical analyses related to the use of the App, proceeding with the statistical processing on their own, without such analyses being aimed at making commercial decisions. With those from third parties, tools have been adopted to reduce their identifying power, as the third party has contractually committed to the Data Controller to use them exclusively for the provision of the service, to keep them separately and not to "enrich" or "cross-reference" them with other information they have. Regarding identifiers and/or tracking tools from third parties, these may act as independent data controllers, in accordance with the conditions of use indicated.
Navigation Data and Environmental Variables
The App automatically acquires some personal data related to its use. This category of personal data includes, for example:
the IP addresses of the computer you used;
the number of accesses;
the pages used;
the date and time of access;
characteristics of the device used;
the operating system used.
3.3 Marketing Identifiers and Tools
Marketing identifiers and tracking tools allow the Data Controller to carry out marketing activities.
3.4 Profiling Identifiers and Tracking Tools
Profiling identifiers and tracking tools enable the Data Controller to tailor advertisements based on your preferences. The Data Controller uses those listed below.
3.5 The Data Controller uses the following third-party cookies
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
IOL Advertising (Italiaonline S.p.A.)
IOL Advertising is an advertising service provided by Italiaonline S.p.A.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Italy –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Criteo (Criteo SA)
Criteo is an advertising service provided by Criteo SA.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: France –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Zeotap (zeotap GmbH)
Zeotap is an advertising service provided by zeotap GmbH.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Germany –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Singlespot (SINGLESPOT SAS )
Singlespot is an advertising service provided by SINGLESPOT SAS .
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: France –
Privacy Policy
.
Outbrain (Outbrain Inc.)
Outbrain is an advertising service provided by Outbrain Inc.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Beintoo (Beintoo S.p.a.)
Beintoo is a geo-behavioral advertising service provided by Beintoo S.p.a. This service assigns each device an identification code, allowing it to be located using Wi-Fi or a GPS signal, even offline. If the User has expressly authorized this possibility for a device, Beintoo can receive information on the User's current geographical location and the duration of time the User spends in a given place. Once the consent has been granted, it is possible at any time to withdraw it, by making the opt-out as specified inside Beintoo’s privacy policy. This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices (including IDFA or Android Advertising ID) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Beintoo service.
The resulting data can be used for profiling activities to build user profiles in order to provide targeted ads (by making use of location and socio-demographic data).
The Data collected may be used by the service provider also for analytics and market research. In order to understand Beintoo's use of Data, consult Beintoo's privacy policy.
Personal Data collected: Geographic position (only if the tracking option is enabled on their device); Unique device identifiers for advertising (google advertiser id or idfa, for example); Usage data
Place of processing: Italy -
Privacy policy
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Application opens; Application updates; device information; first launches; geography/region; In-app purchases; number of sessions; number of Users ; operating systems; session duration; Tracker; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
; Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Nielsen Mobile Measurement (The Nielsen Company, LLC)
Nielsen Mobile Measurement is an analytics service provided by The Nielsen Company, LLC.
This service is designed for mobile apps analytics and can collect various information about the User’s device, highlighted in the Nielsen Mobile Measurement privacy policy.
Personal Data processed: device information; Tracker; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)
The services contained in this section allow the Owner to track and analyze the User response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component of this Application.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and configuration service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
; Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Mapbox widget (Mapbox Inc.)
Mapbox is a maps visualization service provided by Mapbox Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase Performance Monitoring is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
; Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Crashlytics
Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
Personal Data processed: Crash information; device information; Universally unique identifier (UUID).
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
; Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Location processing
Beintoo (Beintoo S.p.a.)
Beintoo is a geo-behavioral advertising service provided by Beintoo S.p.a. This service assigns each device an identification code, allowing it to be located using Wi-Fi or a GPS signal, even offline. If the User has expressly authorized this possibility for a device, Beintoo can receive information on the User's current geographical location and the duration of time the User spends in a given place. Once the consent has been granted, it is possible at any time to withdraw it, by making the opt-out as specified inside Beintoo’s privacy policy. This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices (including IDFA or Android Advertising ID) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Beintoo service.
The resulting data can be used for profiling activities to build user profiles in order to provide targeted ads (by making use of location and socio-demographic data).
The Data collected may be used by the service provider also for analytics and market research. In order to understand Beintoo's use of Data, consult Beintoo's privacy policy.
Personal Data collected: Geographic position (only if the tracking option is enabled on their device); Unique device identifiers for advertising (google advertiser id or idfa, for example); Usage data
Place of processing: Italy -
Privacy policy
Mytraffic
The activity of the company MyTraffic is focused on the production of statistical data, traffic analysis, and potential user base to help real estate and retail sector operators and public entities, especially cities, make better decisions in their businesses.
To convert them into statistics and marketing studies, MyTraffic utilizes and processes smartphone geolocation data (referred to as "raw data") from mobile applications. MyTraffic is committed to ensuring that raw data is collected with explicit user consent for the appropriate final purpose (marketing study or geographical analysis). MyTraffic also commits to ensuring that the collected raw data is strictly limited to internal use by MyTraffic.
Personal Data collected:
- Geographic location (only if tracking option is enabled on the device);
 - Unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example);
- Timestamp
- Processing Location: France
- Privacy Policy:
here
Purposes:
- Store and/or access information on a device
- Conduct market research to generate audience insights
- Utilize precise geolocation data
Location-based interactions
Geolocation (this Application)
This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by this Application.
Personal Data processed: geographic position.
Non-continuous geolocation (this Application)
This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by this Application.
The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous, either at the specific request of the User or when the User doesn't point out its current location in the appropriate field and allows the application to detect the position automatically.
Personal Data processed: geographic position.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Cloud Messaging is a message sending service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing. Firebase Cloud Messaging allows the Owner to send messages and notifications to Users across platforms such as Android, iOS, and the web. Messages can be sent to single devices, groups of devices, or specific topics or User segments.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
; Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Firebase Notifications
Firebase Notifications is a message sending service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing. Firebase Notifications can be integrated with Firebase Analytics to target analytics-based audiences and track opening and conversion events.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
; Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Registration and authentication provided directly by this Application
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. The Personal Data is collected and stored for registration or identification purposes only. The Data collected are only those necessary for the provision of the service requested by the Users.
Direct registration (this Application)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to this Application.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; last name; username.
Traffic optimization and distribution
This type of service allows this Application to distribute their content using servers located across different countries and to optimize their performance.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and the way these services are implemented. Their function is to filter communications between this Application and the User's browser.
Considering the widespread distribution of this system, it is difficult to determine the locations to which the contents that may contain Personal Information of the User are transferred.
Cloudflare (Cloudflare Inc.)
Cloudflare is a traffic optimization and distribution service provided by Cloudflare Inc.
The way Cloudflare is integrated means that it filters all the traffic through this Application, i.e., communication between this Application and the User's browser, while also allowing analytical data from this Application to be collected.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
3.6 Personal Data Processed for "Standard" and "3B+" Subscriptions
The Data Controller will process the following personal data for the purpose of standard and 3B+ subscriptions: Name, Surname, Tax Code, country, city, address, telephone number.
3.7 Personal Data Processed for Access to "Easy" Services
The Data Controller will process the following personal data to allow you access to the homepage of the Site and to enjoy its contents and services: those automatically collected as defined in "Navigation Data and Environmental Variables".
4. Deleting and Disabling Identifiers and Tracking Tools
You can configure the Operating System to avoid processing through the described identifiers and tracking tools, or uninstall them immediately after use through browser applications as well. Below, we list the methods for deactivating and deleting tracking tools:
Android
Open the Settings app Device Settings > Google or open the Google Settings app Google Settings (depending on the device).
In the "Services" section, select Ads.
To enable the "Opt out of Ads Personalization" option, slide the switch to the right until it turns blue.
Apple
Open the Settings app.
In the "Privacy & Security" section, select Tracking.
Slide the switch to the left to disable the tracking option until it turns gray.
5. Data You Voluntarily Provide Through the App
You have the ability and freedom to provide geolocation data through the App by sending weather reports, which the Data Controller may acquire for advertising, technical purposes, and to provide the service. The collected data will be stored and processed exclusively to preserve the weather report, without using them for other purposes.
6. Purpose, Legal Basis of Processing, Optionality of Consent, and Consequences of Non-Consent
Personal data processed for Standard and 3B+ subscriptions at the prices listed on the checkout pages:
personal data will be processed in accordance with the
General Conditions of Use
. The legal basis for processing is the contract, therefore the communication of personal data is a contractual obligation, without which the "Standard" and "3B+" subscription services could not be made available.
Personal data processed with tracking tools and/or technical identifiers:
the communication of personal data is a contractual obligation, without which the App's own services could not be made available correctly, and the "Easy Level" services might not be available.
Personal data processed with tracking tools and/or statistical identifiers:
the communication of personal data is purely optional. In the absence of data communication, it will be impossible for the Data Controller to perform statistical analysis activities. The legal basis for processing is your consent, given optionally in accordance with current regulations.
Personal data processed with tracking tools and/or marketing identifiers:
the communication of personal data is purely optional. In the absence of data communication, it will be impossible for the Data Controller to carry out marketing activities. The legal basis for processing is your consent, given optionally in accordance with current regulations and the Information.
Personal data processed with tracking tools and/or profiling identifiers:
The communication of personal data is purely optional. In the absence of personal data communication, the Data Controller will not be able to tailor advertisements based on your preferences and, consequently, to access the Standard services offered through the App you will need to subscribe, accepting the
General Conditions of Use
. The legal basis for processing is your consent, given optionally in accordance with current regulations and the Information.
Personal data voluntarily provided through the App:
the communication of personal data is purely optional. In the absence of personal data communication, the Data Controller will not be able to acquire weather reports. The legal basis for processing is the legitimate interest of the Data Controller.
You can express consent to the processing of personal data with non-technical tools by clicking on a specific box presented within a pop-up.
7. Automated Decision-Making and Profiling
If you consent to processing with identifiers and tracking tools to tailor advertisements based on your preferences, your personal data may be subject to automated decision-making, using a specific algorithm to decide which ads are most suitable for your profile or which may be of greatest interest to you. The anticipated consequences of this processing are the customization of advertisements, in order to financially support the services offered by the Data Controller through the App.
In accordance with Article 22 of the GDPR, you have the right to:
obtain human intervention in the decision-making process by the Data Controller;
express your opinion;
obtain an explanation of the decision reached by the Data Controller;
contest the decision itself.
8. Source of Personal Data and Data Categories
The Data Controller will only process personal data provided by you in accordance with the Information, collected through the App or the sending of an email by you. The Data Controller will not process data from publicly accessible sources. The Data Controller will not process special categories of personal data referred to in Article 9 of the GDPR.
9. Recipients and Categories of Recipients of Personal Data
Your personal data may be received by:
companies that offer hosting services;
partner companies of the Data Controller;
service providers of the communication company;
communication companies that carry out communication activities on behalf of the Data Controller.
10. Data Transfer
The Data Controller intends to transfer Personal Data to entities established in a third country outside the European Union or to an international organization. These entities may be represented, by way of example, by:
communication companies that carry out communication activities on behalf of the Data Controller;
companies that offer hosting services;
service providers of the communication company;
partner companies of the Data Controller.
The transfer of personal data to such entities, if established in a third country or to an international organization, is carried out in the presence of an adequacy decision by the European Commission, which has verified that the third country, territory, or one or more specific sectors within the third country, or the international organization in question, provide an adequate level of protection for your rights. In the absence of such decisions, if deemed appropriate, the Data Controller reserves the right to conclude specific and separate agreements that require such entities to adopt adequate security measures, including organizational measures, aimed at providing appropriate guarantees regarding your rights.
The data may thus be transferred to the following Countries: United States of America.
To obtain a copy of such data or the location where they have been made available, it is sufficient to send the relevant request to the Data Controller, writing to:
support@3bmeteo.com
11. Data Retention Period
The Data Controller will retain your personal data processed with technical identifiers and tracking tools to enable proper use of the App and "Easy Level" services for a period not exceeding 12 (twelve) months from the date of each collection, in accordance with what is indicated in points 3.1 and 3.6 of the Policy;
The Data Controller will retain your personal data processed to provide personalized services through statistical, marketing, and profiling identifiers and tracking tools for a period not exceeding 12 (twelve) months from the date of each collection, in accordance with what is indicated in points 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, and 3.5 of the Policy;
The Data Controller will retain your personal data processed to allow you to use the "Standard without profiling" subscription services, in accordance with the
General Conditions of Use
, for a period not exceeding 10 (ten) years from the date of termination of the contract's effects;
The Data Controller will retain your personal data processed to allow you to use the "3B+" subscription service, in accordance with the
General Conditions of Use
, for a period not exceeding 10 (ten) years from the date of termination of the contract's effects;
The Data Controller will retain your personal data voluntarily provided via email or form and processed to respond to your requests for a strictly necessary period of time to achieve this purpose and, in any case, not exceeding 12 (twelve) months from the date of each collection.
The Data Controller reserves the right, in any case, to ask you to renew your consent to the processing and/or to verify the consents you have already expressed.
12. Right to Object
As a "data subject," you have the right to object, at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you pursuant to Article 6, paragraph 1, letters e) or f) of the GDPR, including profiling based on those provisions.
The Data Controller shall no longer process your personal data unless it demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights, and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
If personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
In case of objection to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data shall no longer be processed for such purposes.
You may object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes in part only, for example by objecting to the sending of promotional communications made through automated tools and/or digital means, or to the sending of paper communications and/or the receipt of telephone communications.
If your personal data are processed for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89, paragraph 1 of the GDPR, you have the right, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to object to the processing of personal data concerning you, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
13. Other Rights
The Data Controller also wishes to inform you of the following rights you have:
Right of access:
you have the right to obtain from the Data Controller confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed. In such a case, you have the right to access your personal data and to the information specified in Article 15 of the GDPR;
Right to rectification:
you have the right to obtain from the Data Controller the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you without undue delay. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by providing a supplementary statement, in accordance with Article 16 of the GDPR;
Right to erasure:
you have the right to obtain from the Data Controller the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay. The Data Controller has the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay under the conditions listed in Article 17 of the GDPR;
Right to restriction of processing:
you have the right to obtain from the Data Controller restriction of processing where one of the conditions set out in Article 18 of the GDPR applies;
Right to data portability:
you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to the Data Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the Data Controller, under the conditions specified in Article 20 of the GDPR;
Right to object to marketing communications:
you have the right to object at any time, free of charge, to the receipt of marketing communications from the Data Controller;
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority:
you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority to challenge a violation of the regulations on the protection of personal data, in accordance with Article 77 of the GDPR.
14. How to Exercise Your Rights
You can exercise the rights mentioned in the Cookie Policy by addressing your requests directly to the Data Controller at the email address
support@3bmeteo.com
or by sending the relevant communication by registered mail with return receipt to the address Via Don Carlo Botta 13, Bergamo (BG), Italy.
You can lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority according to the procedures provided by the official website, directing it to the contacts available
on the Authority's website
.
15. Accessibility
The Policy is accessible from the App or at
the following address
and at the Data Controller's offices. If you expressly request it, the Data Controller can provide you with the information orally, provided your identity is proven, with a telephone request directed to +39 0354158611.
16. Changes
The Data Controller may modify the Policy, also to comply with national and/or European Union legislation or technological innovations. Any new versions of the Policy will be posted on the Site. You are invited to periodically check the Policy. Any modifications will be communicated to you through a pop-up on the Site or different methods and/or electronic tools. If the Data Controller substantially changes the Policy, foreseeing new purposes of processing and/or categories of personal data processed or changing the third parties, the Data Controller will inform you, requesting the necessary consents, through a specific banner. If it were impossible for the Data Controller to verify the storage of identifiers on your device upon your subsequent visit to the Site, for example, in the case of deletion of installed identifiers, the Data Controller will inform you, requesting the necessary consents, through a specific banner. If at least 6 (six) months have passed since the previous presentation of the banner on the Site, the Data Controller will inform you, requesting the necessary consents, through a specific banner.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.italiaonline.it/informativa-privacy/:
Informativa Privacy per i visitatori del sito
Gentile utente,
ringraziandoti per aver visitato il nostro sito internet (di seguito “Sito”), nelle seguenti informazioni troverai tutte le indicazioni utili a comprendere le finalità e modalità di trattamento dei tuoi dati personali in qualità di visitatore (di seguito “Utente”), oltre ad ogni altra informazione prevista dall’art. 13 e 14 dal Regolamento generale sulla protezione dei dati UE 2016/679  (“
GDPR
”).
L’informativa riguarda solo questo sito e non anche altri siti web, portali, sezioni/pagine/spazi collegati mediante link, di titolarità di terzi o di Italiaonline S.p.A, per cui si rimanda alle rispettive informative.
1. Chi è il titolare del trattamento?
Il titolare del trattamento è Italiaonline S.p.A. con sede legale in Assago (MI), via del Bosco Rinnovato, 8, 20057 (nel seguito, “Italiaonline”) e può essere contattata tramite email all’indirizzo
info@italiaonline.it
o tramite Fax al numero verde 800.011412. Il Titolare ha provveduto a nominare un responsabile della protezione dei dati (DPO), in conformità agli artt. 37 ss. del GDPR, che può essere contattato tramite il seguente  form di contatto.
2. Che tipologia di dati trattiamo ?
a) Dati di navigazione
I sistemi informatici e le procedure software preposte al funzionamento di questo sito acquisiscono, nel normale esercizio e per la sola durata della connessione, alcuni dati che vengono poi trasmessi implicitamente nell’uso dei protocolli di comunicazione Internet.
Tali informazioni non vengono raccolte con lo scopo di associarle agli utenti ma, per loro stessa natura, potrebbero, attraverso elaborazioni ed associazioni con dati detenuti da terzi, permettere di identificarli.
b) Cookie
Il presente Sito utilizza cookies o marcatori, che tecnicamente sono pacchetti di informazioni inviate da un web server (in questo caso, dal presente Sito) al browser dell’Utente e da quest’ultimo memorizzati sul proprio dispositivo (personal computer, tablet, cellulare, ecc.) e rinviati automaticamente al server ad ogni successivo accesso al Sito.
Per esprimere o modificare le tue preferenze in relazione ai cookie, puoi intervenire direttamente sulla piattaforma per la gestione del consenso
cliccando qui
; per conoscere le tipologie e le finalità dei cookie utilizzati dai siti di Italiaonline e manifestare le tue preferenze in merito all’uso dei cookie, puoi consultare l’apposita
Cookie Policy
.
c) Dati forniti volontariamente dagli utenti/visitatori
Qualora collegandoti a questo Sito, o ai siti di Italiaonline nei quali siano presenti moduli o indirizzi email o chat, deciderai, laddove previsto, di inviare i tuoi dati personali (per esempio: nome, cognome, indirizzo email) per accedere a determinati servizi, ovvero, per effettuare richieste, per esempio finalizzate ad ottenere informazioni sui servizi, ad esercitare i diritti previsti da GDPR, essere ricontattato, Italiaonline tratterà tali dati per rispondere alla tua richiesta, ovvero per fornirti il servizio da te richiesto in conformità con la presente informativa e/o le specifiche informative privacy rese in fase di adesione ai singoli servizi.
I tuoi dati personali verranno comunicati a terzi solo nel caso in cui la comunicazione sia necessaria per ottemperare alle richieste degli utenti medesimi, come precisato nelle informative specifiche dei singoli servizi, o per semplificare – su tua richiesta – le operazioni di registrazione a siti/applicazioni di terzi.
Non ti verranno richiesti dati sulla salute e, in generale, categorie particolari di dati personali richiamati dall’articolo 9 del GDPR (sensibili, biometrici, genetici e penali).
3. Con quale modalità vengono trattati i tuoi dati?
I tuoi dati sono trattati con il supporto di mezzi informatici e telematici e sono protetti attraverso adeguate misure di sicurezza idonee a garantirne la riservatezza e l’integrità.
In particolare, Italiaonline ha adottato e adotta misure organizzative (distribuzione di ruoli e responsabilità nell’esecuzione dell’attività e dei controlli), procedurali e tecniche appropriate per proteggere i tuoi dati contro la perdita, il furto, nonché l’uso, la divulgazione o la modifica non autorizzata.
Il Titolare procede alla cancellazione dei dati qualora non sia più necessario trattare i tuoi dati per le finalità sotto indicate e, in ogni caso, al decorrere del termine di conservazione indicato al successivo paragrafo 7.
4. Quali sono la finalità e la base giuridica del trattamento?
IItaliaonline tratta i tuoi dati di navigazione anonimi di cui al punto 2.a al fine di monitorare il funzionamento tecnico e le prestazioni del Sito, per capire come migliorare i servizi e farli evolvere. Tali dati sono necessari a garantire l’erogazione del Sito.
I dati di cui al punto 2.b vengono utilizzati al solo scopo di ricavare informazioni statistiche anonime sull’uso del Sito e per controllarne il corretto funzionamento (sono pertanto necessari a garantire l’erogazione del sito) sia per mostrare annunci pubblicitari, come meglio spiegato nella nostra
Cookie Policy
.
Quando i servizi offerti dal sito sono gratuiti e sostenuti dalle inserzioni pubblicitarie, la base giuridica del trattamento è il legittimo interesse del Titolare espressamente previsto dall’art. 6, comma 1, lett.f del
GDPR
. (leggi sopra punto 2.b).
Quando i dati vengono forniti spontaneamente dall’interessato (per esempio al fine di ottenere informazioni sui servizi, esercitare i diritti previsti da GDPR, essere ricontattati) ad appositi canali di contatto (per esempio: indirizzi email, moduli on line, chat) messi a disposizione da Italiaonline sui propri siti, i dati vengono raccolti e trattati per dar seguito a una richiesta dell’interessato stesso. La base giuridica del trattamento è l’erogazione dei servizi richiesti in conformità con l’art. 6, comma 1, lett. b) del GDPR.
Inoltre, per quanto riguarda i dati di cui al punto 2.c raccolti tramite email, moduli online o chat, ti invitiamo a leggere anche le informative specifiche dei singoli servizi.
I tuoi dati personali, inoltre, possono essere trattati per svolgere attività funzionali a cessioni di azienda e di ramo d’azienda, acquisizioni, fusioni, scissioni o altre trasformazioni e per l’esecuzione di tali operazioni, nonché per far valere e difendere i diritti del Titolare nei confronti degli utenti e di terzi in un eventuale contenzioso. La base giuridica del trattamento è il legittimo interesse del Titolare espressamente previsto dall’art. 6, comma 1, lett. f) del GDPR
5. A chi possono essere comunicati i tuoi dati?
Al fine di perseguire le finalità del trattamento indicate sopra, i dati potrebbero essere comunicati a soggetti, partner e fornitori, che svolgono servizi connessi e funzionali alla gestione del Sito e all’erogazione dei relativi servizi. Qualora il Titolare dovesse comunicare i tuoi dati personali a terzi (per esempio in merito ai servizi a cui l’Utente chiede di accedere o si registra), questi agiranno in qualità di Titolari autonomi o saranno nominati dal Titolare quali Responsabili del trattamento. In ogni caso, l’Utente potrà richiedere l’elenco aggiornato di tali Responsabili tramite apposito form on line, cliccando
qui
.
I dati personali potrebbero essere comunicati a soggetti terzi aventi sede e/o operanti in paesi nei quali non è applicabile il GDPR, ma per i quali la Commissione Europea abbia riconosciuto la sussistenza di adeguati livelli di protezione o che comunque abbiano fornito tutte le garanzie di cui all’art. 46 del medesimo GDPR.  Ove Italiaonline, per eventuali future esigenze connesse alla sede di fornitori di servizi, necessiti di trasferire dati al di fuori dell’Unione Europea, in paesi per cui la Commissione Europea non abbia emesso una decisione di adeguatezza, la stessa si impegna a garantire livelli di tutela e salvaguardia anche di carattere contrattuale adeguati secondo le norme applicabili, ivi inclusa la stipulazione di clausole contrattuali tipo eventualmente integrate da misure supplementari di tipo tecnico, legale e organizzativo necessarie a garantire che il livello di protezione dei dati personali sia equivalente a quello dell’Unione Europea.
Inoltre, i tuoi dati potrebbero essere comunicati a soggetti, enti o autorità a cui la comunicazione dei dati sia obbligatoria per legge.
6. Quali sono i tuoi diritti?
In ogni momento puoi esercitare i tuoi diritti elencati di seguito, di cui agli articoli 15-22 del GDPR, scrivendo a Italiaonline, via del Bosco Rinnovato, 8, 20057 Milanofiori Nord, Assago (MI) oppure inviare una email all’indirizzo
info@italiaonline.it
:
Accesso
– ottenere dal Titolare conferma dell’esistenza dei propri Dati e chiederne una copia;
Rettifica o Cancellazione
– chiedere la modifica o cancellazione dei propri Dati;
Revoca
– revocare i singoli consensi, ove prestati, senza pregiudizio per la liceità dei trattamenti anteriori;
Limitazione
– chiedere la limitazione del trattamento, nei casi previsti dalla legge;
Opposizione
– opporsi al trattamento per motivi legittimi;
Portabilità
– ricevere una copia in formato elettronico dei propri dati;
Reclamo
– proporre reclamo all’Autorità di controllo (Garante per la protezione dei dati personali
www.garanteprivacy.it
) in caso di violazione della disciplina in materia di protezione dei dati personali.
7. Per quanto tempo conserviamo i tuoi dati?
I tuoi dati personali saranno conservati per il periodo di tempo strettamente necessario per il perseguimento delle finalità per cui sono stati raccolti, come specificate al paragrafo 4 sopra.
In ogni caso,
i dati forniti volontariamente dall’Utente relativi all’erogazione dei servizi forniti sul Sito, vengono conservati per un periodo pari alla durata della fornitura del singolo servizio richiesto e per un periodo massimo di 10 anni successivi, fatti salvi i casi in cui la conservazione per un periodo successivo sia richiesta per eventuali contenziosi, richieste delle autorità competenti o ai sensi della normativa applicabile;
i dati raccolti per le finalità di legge sono conservati per un periodo pari alla durata prescritta per ciascuna tipologia di dato dalla legge;
i dati raccolti per finalità di legittimo interesse vengono conservati per la durata strettamente necessaria a svolgere le verifiche ivi indicate;
i dati trattati per le attività di cessione di azienda, meglio sopra dettagliate, sono conservati per un periodo pari a 10 anni dal momento della raccolta, fatta salva la maggiore durata derivante da un contenzioso pendente.
8. Modifiche e aggiornamenti
La presente informativa può subire modifiche nel tempo – anche connesse all’eventuale entrata in vigore di nuove normative di settore, all’aggiornamento o erogazione di nuovi servizi ovvero ad intervenute innovazioni tecnologiche – per cui ti invitiamo a consultare periodicamente questa pagina.
Ultimo aggiornamento: 29 gennaio 2025
Informativa Privacy (ultimo aggiornamento 16/05/2018)
pdf
Informativa privacy per i clienti
pdf
Rispettiamo la tua privacy
Informativa
Noi e terze parti selezionate utilizziamo cookie o tecnologie simili per finalità tecniche e, con il tuo consenso, anche per il miglioramento dell’esperienza, misurazione e “marketing (con annunci personalizzati)” come specificato nella
cookie policy
. Il rifiuto del consenso può rendere non disponibili le relative funzioni.
Per quanto riguarda la pubblicità, noi e
terze parti
selezionate, potremmo utilizzare
dati di geolocalizzazione precisi e l’identificazione attraverso la scansione del dispositivo
, al fine di
archiviare e/o accedere a informazioni su un dispositivo
e trattare dati personali come i tuoi dati di utilizzo, per le seguenti
finalità pubblicitarie
:
annunci e contenuti personalizzati, valutazione degli annunci e del contenuto, osservazioni del pubblico e sviluppo di prodotti
.
Puoi liberamente prestare, rifiutare o personalizzare il tuo consenso:
cliccando sul tasto "Accetta e Chiudi" acconsenti all'utilizzo dei cookie;
cliccando su "Personalizza" puoi gestire liberamente le tue preferenze, selezionando le finalità e le terze parti a cui prestare il consenso;
cliccando invece sul tasto "Continua senza accettare" troverai maggiori informazioni su come migliorare la tua esperienza di navigazione per decidere se:
accettare i cookie di profilazione;
installare solo i cookie strettamente necessari, rifiutando di conseguenza tutte le altre tipologie.
Puoi modificare in ogni momento le tue scelte dal
pannello delle preferenze
Continua senza accettare
Personalizza
Accetta e Chiudi
indietro
Per una scelta consapevole
maggiori informazioni
Se accetti i cookie di profilazione visualizzerai messaggi pubblicitari personalizzati e in linea con i tuoi interessi, oltre a sostenere il nostro impegno nel fornirti sempre contenuti gratuiti e di qualità.
Se invece installi solo i cookie strettamente necessari, visualizzerai pubblicità generalista casuale anziché personalizzata, che potrebbe infastidire la tua navigazione perché non sarà possibile controllarne né la frequenza, né il contenuto.
Puoi modificare in ogni momento le tue scelte dal
pannello delle preferenze
Accetta tutti i cookie
oppure
Installa solo i cookie
strettamente necessari
Sub-policy 1
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Statistics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Preference Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
host description
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
This website uses cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
more information
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All