Join Next Episode
Sign In
Search
Quick Account Setup
▼
why join
Add your shows and see the site populate with them
Calendar and Homepage with your shows only
Track your watched episodes and see new ones come out
Define search engines to find episodes with one click
Get suggestions for new shows based on what you watch
Have your stuff on our 5 stars, free
iPhone
and
Android
apps
Many other neat features and customizations
err
allow some super rare emails
Create and Sign In
Google
username
password
Sign In
Facebook
Google
news
|
home
|
episodes
|
movies
|
calendar
|
browse
|
top
charts
|
premium
|
TV
schedule
|
forums
Next Episode Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Next Episode collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the
https://next-episode.net
website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Next Episode.
Personal identification information
As a general rule, Next Episode doesn't collect or store visitors personal information.
The only personal information we collect and store is users email address when they register. Email address is needed in order to restore users account in case of a forgotten password and some site features (like email notifications).
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
Deletion of your personal information
You can easily delete all your data stored on Next Episode by deleting your account (through navigating to settings/profile and clicking the "Delete Profile" button)
You can also request your data to be deleted by getting in touch at
info@next-episode.net
and stating your username
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at
https://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Changes to this privacy policy
Next Episode has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Your consent
If you're unhappy with the consent choices you made on this website -
click here to revoke your choice
.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us through this
contact form
or directly at our email address at
info@next-episode.net
.
This document was last updated on November 17, 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
