Caltech/JPL Privacy Policies and Important Notices
Privacy Notice for JPL Mobile Application Users
Privacy
.
Privacy Notice for JPL Mobile Application Users
This Privacy Notice describes the personal information the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) processes to support the functionality of its mobile applications ("Applications").
What Kinds of Information do We Collect?
To provide you with the Applications, we collect information to ensure the Applications' functionality. The types of information we collect depend on the specific Applications that you use.
Information You Choose to Provide to Us
For certain activities, such as when you contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:
User-generated content, including comments, photographs, videos, and virtual item videos that you choose to upload or broadcast on the Platform;
Your opt-in choices; and
Information you share with us by contacting us.
Information about Your Use of the Applications
In addition to the information you provide, we may collect information about your use of our Applications through software on your device and other means. For example, we may obtain:
Device information - such as your hardware model, IMEI number and other unique device identifiers, MAC address, IP address, operating system versions, and settings of the device you use to access the Applications.
Log information - such as the time and duration of your use of the Applications, search query terms you enter through the Applications, and any information stored in cookies that have set on your device.
Data from device settings – such as information you allow us to receive through device settings you turn on, such as access to your GPS location, microphone, camera or photos.
Cookies – such as data from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings.
Identifiers – such as Google’s Instance IDs and Advertising IDs, which uniquely identify your device, to determine which devices to deliver push notifications to and to show you personalized advertisements.
How Your Information is Used
We may use your information for the following purposes:
to provide customized content and provide personalized services based on your past activities on our Applications;
to deliver advertising, including customized advertisements, sponsored content and promotional communications;
for assessment and analysis of our market, customers, products, and services;
to understand the way users use our Applications so that we can improve them and develop new products and services; or
to provide maintenance services.
Third Parties that Provide Content, Advertising or Functionality on Our Applications
Our Applications may link to third-party websites and services that are outside our control. We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by websites or other services. You should exercise caution, and review the privacy statements applicable to the third-party websites and services you use. We are not responsible for these third-party products or services. Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Applications may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with us. For example:
We enable you to watch video content provided by content providers;
Certain third parties may serve advertising or keep track of which advertisements users see, how often they see those advertisements, and what users do in response to them; and
We enable you to share certain materials on our Applications with others through social networking services such as Facebook, Twitter, Google +, and LinkedIn.
These third-parties may collect or receive certain information about your use of the Applications, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies. This information may be collected over time and combined with information collected across different websites and online services. We do not control the data collection and use practices of these companies. Some of these companies participate in industry-developed programs designed to provide consumers choices about whether to receive targeted advertising. Please visit the websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative "http://networkadvertising.org" and Digital Advertising Alliance "http://www.aboutads.info/" to learn more.
Google Advertising ID
The advertising ID is a unique, user-resettable ID for advertising, provided by Google Play services. It gives users better controls and provides developers with a simple, standard system to continue to monetize their apps. It enables users to reset their identifier or opt out of personalized ads (formerly known as interest-based ads) within Google Play apps.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, TV, mobile phone or other device. They enable the entity that placed the cookie on your device to recognize you across different websites, services, devices, and/or browsing sessions. Cookies serve many useful purposes. For example:
Cookies can remember your sign-in credentials so you do not have to enter those credentials each time you log on to an Application;
Cookies can help us and third parties understand which parts of our Applications are the most popular because they help us to see which pages and features visitors are accessing and how much time they are spending on the pages. By analyzing this kind of information, we are better able to adapt the Applications and provide you with a better experience;
Cookies can help us and third parties understand which ads you have seen so that you don’t receive the same ad each time you access Applications; or
Cookies can help us and third parties provide you with relevant content and advertising by collecting information about your use of our Applications.
Data Retention
We take reasonable steps to ensure that information about you is available only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which it is processed, or longer if required under any contract, by applicable law, or for statistical purposes, subject to appropriate safeguards.
Children
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without parental consent, unless permitted by law. If we learn that a child under the age of thirteen (13) has provided us with personal information, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.
Users Located in the European Economic Area
If you are located in the European Economic Area (consisting of the European Union, Iceland, Lichtenstein, and Norway), please
click here
for additional information regarding the ways that Caltech may collect, use, and share information about you.
Updates
This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect to the Mobile Applications, or changes in the applicable law. We will post a notice on our website and/or your device to notify you of significant changes to our Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at
https://www.jpl.nasa.gov/contact_JPL.php
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.jpl.nasa.gov/caltechjpl-privacy-policies-and-important-notices/:
Skip to main content
JPL
Careers
Education
Science & Technology
About JPL
Missions
News
Galleries
Events
Visit
Topics
Caltech/JPL Privacy Policies and Important Notices
Privacy Notice for JPL Mobile Application Users
Privacy
.
Caltech/JPL Privacy Policies and Important Notices
Unless otherwise noted, Web sites in the domain
jpl.nasa.gov
are managed by the California Institute of Technology in support of the missions and research programs that its Jet Propulsion Laboratory conducts for NASA. This document describes Caltech/JPL's policies on privacy, security, accessibility, linking and copyright.
Privacy Policy
This notice provides Caltech/JPL's policy regarding the nature, purpose, use and sharing of any information collected via Web sites in the jpl.nasa.gov domain. NASA's privacy policy is located
here
.
The information you provide on a Caltech/JPL Web site will be used only for its intended purpose. We will protect your information consistent with the principles of the Privacy Act, the e-Government act of 2002, the Federal Records Act and, as applicable, the Freedom of Information Act. This notice is posted pursuant to the California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003 (Cal Bus & Prof Code Sections 22575-22579). Changes to this notice may occur as necessary and will be noted here.
Submitting information is strictly voluntary. By doing so, you are giving Caltech/JPL your permission to use the information for the intended purpose. In addition, Caltech/JPL may also furnish this information to NASA at NASA's request. If you do not want to give Caltech/JPL permission to use your information, simply do not provide it. However, not providing certain information may result in Caltech/JPL's inability to provide you with the information or services you desire.
There are several types of information we collect. These include:
Automatically Collected Information
Information Collected for Tracking and Customization (Cookies)
Personal Information
Information from Children
Caltech/JPL never collects information for commercial marketing. We will only share your information with a government agency if it relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law. Caltech/JPL never creates individual profiles or gives your information to any private organization.
Automatically Collected Information
If you sign up to receive email information from JPL such as newsletters, mission bulletins or news releases, you will be asked to provide basic contact information such as your name, email address, email format preference (HTML vs. text), state/province of residence and occupation. In addition, from time to time you may be invited to participate in optional surveys about the information that JPL provides and your interests in space exploration. This information is only used for the following purposes: (a) to help customize information for you that you will find most relevant; and (b) to help us gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order to improve our web site and information services. Some of this information is gathered and stored on a Web site,
http://www.icontact.com/
, operated by a JPL subcontractor that adheres to this policy.
We collect and temporarily store certain technical information about your visit for use in site management and security purposes. This information includes:
The Internet domain from which you access our Web site (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from an educational domain);
The IP address (a unique number for each computer connected to the Internet) from which you access our Web site;
The type of browser (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Edge) used to access our site;
The operating system (Windows, macOS, Unix, iOS, Android) used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The URLs of the pages you visit;
Your username, if it was used to log in to the Web site; and
If you visited this Web site from another Web site, the URL of the forwarding site.
This information is only used to help us make our site more useful for you. With this data we learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are retained temporarily as required for security and site management purposes only.
Information Collected for Tracking and Customization (Cookies)
A cookie is a small file that a Web site transfers to your computer to allow it to remember specific information about your session while you are connected. Your computer will only share the information in the cookie with the Web site that provided it, and no other Web site can request it. There are two types of cookies, session and persistent. Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies store information on your computer for longer periods of time.
Caltech/JPL Web sites may use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through the site, or to allow you to customize your preferences for interacting with the site. A few Caltech/JPL Web sites may also make use of persistent cookies to remember you between visits so, for example, you can save your customized preference settings for future visits. Each Caltech/JPL site using persistent cookies identifies itself as doing so.
At no time is your private information, whether stored in persistent cookies or elsewhere, shared with third parties who have no right to that information. If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies stored on your machine, you can turn them off in your browser. However, this may affect the functioning of some Caltech/JPL Web sites.
Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information, through such methods as completing a form or sending us an email, we will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information or services you have requested.
Remember that email isn't necessarily secure. You should never send sensitive or personal information like your Social Security number in an email. Use postal mail or secure Web sites instead.
Some of our Web sites ask visitors who request specific information to fill out a registration form. Other information collected at Web sites through questionnaires, feedback forms or other means, enables us to determine visitors' interests, with the goal of providing better service to our visitors.
Interaction with Children
The
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
governs operators of Web sites directed toward children under 13 years old that collect information from the children, or operators who know that they collect information from children under the age of 13. Requirements include posting a notice stating the information collected and its intended use; obtaining verifiable consent from a child's parent or guardian before collecting, using or disclosing personal information from a child under the age of 13; and giving the parent or guardian the ability to review the submitted information and to prevent further collection or use of the information.
We collect no information about you or your child, other than that detailed in the previous section, when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide information to us. When a Caltech/JPL Web site needs to collect information about a child under 13 years old, COPPA required information and instructions will be provided by the specific Web page that collects information about the child. The Web page will specify exactly what the information will be used for, who will see it and how long it will be kept.
There are several exceptions that permit collection of a child's personal information without receiving parental consent in advance:
Collecting the child's name and parent's name and email address to provide the parents with notice and to seek consent for communications with the child.
Collecting the child's email address in order to respond to a one time request from a child.
Collecting the child's email address to respond more than once to a child's request; i.e., subscription to a newsletter, so long as the parent or guardian is notified after the first communication from the child to give the parent or guardian the opportunity to opt out of the information submitted by the child and cease communications from the Web site operator.
Collecting the child's information in order to protect the safety of a child who is participating on the site; i.e., in a chat room. The operator needs to give notice to the parent.
Collecting the child's information for the sole purpose of protecting the Web site, take precautions against liability or to respond to law enforcement; i.e., in the case of a Web site compromise.
Personal information about a child under 13 years of age may be needed to respond to his/her communication to us, such as to receive a poster or to acquire information for a school project. Personal information about your child will be destroyed immediately upon completion of its intended purpose. On rare occasions, it may be determined that a communication from a child under 13 years old should be maintained for historical purposes. Should such an occasion occur, Caltech/JPL will obtain the necessary consent from the child's parent.
Finally, we provide many on-line tools and services in support of Caltech/JPL's mission. A child under 13 years old may inadvertently provide personal information to one of these services. If this should happen, the information about the child will be deleted immediately upon discovery.
Web Site Security Notice
For site security purposes and to ensure that this Web service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs that monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information,. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials.
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on Caltech/JPL servers are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986, and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
Accessibility Statement
We continually strive to ensure the pages on this Web site are accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with
Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act
. If you have questions about accessibility at JPL or would like to report issues with the accessibility of this site or other JPL sites, please let us know by visiting our
feedback page
.
Documents on Caltech/JPL Web sites are presented in many formats. These formats are generally accessible to users using screen reading software. Some files on this Web site may be posted as Adobe Acrobat Portable Document Format (PDF) files. Adobe provides their
Acrobat Reader
software as a free download.
Linking Policy and Disclaimer of Endorsement
Caltech/JPL Web pages link to many Web sites created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations. Caltech/JPL provides links to these sites as a service to our users. The presence of a link is not a Caltech/JPL endorsement of the site.
When users follow a link to an outside Web site, they are leaving Caltech/JPL and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside Web site(s). Caltech/JPL is not responsible for the privacy or information collection practices of non-Caltech/JPL sites.
Copyright Status
JPL-authored documents are sponsored by NASA under Contract NAS7-030010. All documents available from this server may be protected under the U.S. and Foreign Copyright Laws. Permission to reproduce may be required. For information on the use of images from JPL's Web sites, please see our
image use policy
.
For information on possible copyright infringement, please visit Caltech's
"Copyright Infringement"
page.
Users Located in the European Economic Area
If you reside within the European Union or the European Economic Area (consisting of the European Union, Iceland, Lichtenstein, and Norway), please
click for additional information
regarding rights and protections that apply to you under the General Data Protection Regulation.