HIROSHI KOBAYASHI（以下、私）は、私のアプリケーションにおけるお客様の個人情報の取扱いに関し、以下のとおり個人情報保護方針を定め、個人情報の保護を推進致します。
■個人情報の取得
私は以下の情報を収集する場合があります。
・ユーザー名またはニックネーム
・メールアドレス
・デバイス情報
・アプリケーションでのプレイデータ
また、iOSアプリではIdentification For Advertisers（IDFA）、AndroidアプリではAndroid advertising IDを広告表示のために取得する場合があります。
■個人情報の利用
収集した個人情報は、主に以下の目的で使用されます:
・アカウントの管理およびカスタマーサポートの提供。
・アプリの最適化およびパフォーマンス向上。
・新機能やアップデートの提供。
・ゲームプレイデータの分析および改善。
■個人情報の提供
収集した個人情報は以下の場合を除き、第三者と共有することはありません。
・お客様ご本人の同意がある場合。
・法令に基づき開示･提供を求められた場合
・個人を特定できない状態で開示する場合
■個人情報の管理
私は､お客様の個人情報を適切かつ安全に管理いたします｡
■プライバシーポリシーの改定
本プライバシーポリシーは必要に応じて改定することがあります｡プライバシーポリシーの変更は、ウェブサイト上またはアプリ内に掲載した時点から適用されるものとします。
■お問い合わせ先
support_tapjockey@tapjockey.com
Privacy Policy
HIROSHI KOBAYASHI (hereinafter referred to as “I”) establishes the following privacy policy to handle the personal information of customers in my applications and promotes the protection of personal information.
Collection of Personal Information
I may collect the following information:
・Usernames or Nicknames
・Email addresses
・Device information
・Gameplay data within the application
Additionally, for iOS applications, I may obtain the Identification For Advertisers (IDFA), and for Android applications, I may obtain the Android advertising ID for the purpose of displaying advertisements.
Use of Personal Information
The collected personal information is primarily used for the following purposes:
・Management of accounts and provision of customer support.
・Optimization and performance improvement of the application.
・Provision of new features and updates.
・Analysis and improvement of gameplay data.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Except for the following cases, the collected personal information will not be shared with third parties:
・With the consent of the customer.
・When disclosure or provision is requested based on the law.
・When disclosed in a state where individuals cannot be identified.
Management of Personal Information
I will manage customers’ personal information appropriately and securely.
Revision of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised as necessary. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective from the time they are posted on the website or within the app.
Contact Information
[Email Address]
support_tapjockey@tapjockey.com
Facebook
X
Hatena
Pocket
Copy