This Website is owned and operated by
homedatasheet.com, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the
personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making
informed decisions when using our site and our products and services.
What
Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of
information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose
that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information
collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web
site.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Purchase and Registration
Information.
You will provide us information about yourself, your firm or company,
and your practices when you make a purchase from homedatasheet.com, Inc., register to be a member of
www.homedatasheet.com, register for certain services, or register for
email newsletters and alerts. You may also provide additional
comments on how you see homedatasheet.com, Inc. servicing your needs
and interests.
Email Information.
If you choose to correspond with us through email either directly or utilizing our contact form, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a
standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation
below, "What Are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect
information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered
through cookies and Web server logs may include your Internet Protocol address, the date and time of
visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web
sites visited just before and just after our Web site.
In the case of mobile phone applications "apps" please see the the information view (instructions) within each individual app for how any personal information is handled. If you download a homedatasheet.com, Inc. app that has in-app advertising, it may be possible for advertising providers and third-party advertisers to obtain certain types of information about you.  For more details see the
Apple Privacy Policy
(http://www.apple.com/privacy) and the
AdMob Privacy Policy
(http://www.admob.com/home/privacy), or the privacy policy of whichever third-party advertiser sites you happen to visit.  homedatasheet.com, Inc. has no control over the actions of mobile advertising content providers or individual mobile advertisers.
In any event, we, our
advertisers and ad serving companies may also use pieces of code to determine which advertisements and promotions users
have seen and how users responded to them.
Some of our apps allow you to submit crash reports to us in the unlikely event one of our apps crashes (closes uncommanded).  Apple may also provide us with user crash reports.  Although these reports do not contain personal information, and have been very useful in helping us improve our apps, it may be possible, in some instances, to associate server log data (such as IP address) with a particular crash report.
How
Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of
administering and expanding our business activities, providing
customer service and making available other products and services to
our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also
use the information we collect to notify you about important changes
to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will
find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to
receive these offers by
contacting us
.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an
anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site's
computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a
part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web
site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's
preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only
permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you,
not the cookies sent to you by other sites.  Some of our business
partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies that originate from their
sites. We have no access or control over those cookies.
How Do We Use
Information We Collect from Cookies?
As you use our Web site, the site uses its cookies to differentiate
you from other users. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent
you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in
more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our
Web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of
people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most
popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve
our Web site and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us
to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally
store any personal information that you provided to us in your
cookies.
Sharing Information
with Third Parties
We may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business
arrangements with third parties who may be given access to personal
information including your name, address, telephone number and email
for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and
services that we think will be of interest to you. In connection with
alliances, partnerships or arrangements, we may also provide certain
information to third parties if we have determined that the
information will be used in a responsible manner by a responsible
third party. For example, some of our partners operate stores or
provide services on our site, while others power offerings developed
by us for your use. We also use third parties to facilitate our
business, including, but not limited to, sending email and processing
credit card payments. In connection with these offerings and business
operations, our partners and other third parties may have access to
your personal information for use in connection with business
activities. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or
business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is
generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of
transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of
corporate divestitures, mergers, or any dissolution.
Notice of New
Services and Changes
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify
you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special
offers we think you will find valuable. As our customer, you will be
given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive
these offers by
contacting us
.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
How Do We Secure
Information Transmissions?
Your payments to homedatasheet.com, Inc. for products and services
are transmitted to us and to the payment processor using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to keep your data secure during transit.
Information provided by you to homedatasheet.com, Inc. on its contact
form, or directly via e-mail is not transmitted securely.  You should not divulge credit card numbers, bank account numbers, or other private financial information on our contact form, or via direct e-mail.  All payments will be
processed securely by PayPal.
How Can You Access
and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable
information that we collect online and maintain in our database by
contacting us
.
Certain Disclosures
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law
or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a)
conform to the law or comply with legal process served on us or
affiliated parties; (b) protect and defend our rights and property,
our site, the users of our site, and/or our affiliated parties; (c)
act under circumstances to protect the safety of users of our site,
us, or third parties.
What About Other Web
Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked
to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained
therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as
pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of
our Web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to
another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your
browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites
which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site's own
rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before
proceeding.
Your
Consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your
personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we
change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those
changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we
collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose
it.
All content ©2009-2013
homedatasheet.com
, Inc.  All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.apple.com/privacy:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Privacy. That’s Apple.
Privacy.
That’s Apple.
Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe in.
Apple Intelligence.
Great powers come
with great privacy.
Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.
On-device
processing
allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data.
On-device processing
The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on‑device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfill many of your requests without leaving your device.
Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad, and Mac
Powered by Apple silicon
Designed to protect your privacy at every step
Private Cloud Compute
extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests.
Private Cloud Compute
Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers.
Your data is only used for your requests
Your data is never stored or made accessible to anyone
Independent experts can verify its privacy promise
Available now
*
Learn more about Apple Intelligence
Discover everyday privacy protections.
Locked and Hidden Apps.
Choose
what’s
visible.
Locked and Hidden Apps
Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID, or a passcode.
Private Browsing.
Powerfully
private.
Private Browsing
When you turn on Private Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill out. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using them.
Passkeys.
Simple.
Secure.
So not a
password
.
Passkeys
A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done.
Lock Hidden Albums.
Keep Hidden
and Recently
Deleted
photos
private.
Lock Hidden Albums
Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode.
Safety Check.
Take
control
in times of crisis.
Safety Check
Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to.
Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices
App Tracking Transparency.
Decide which
apps are
allowed to
track
track
track
track
you.
App Tracking Transparency
Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings.
Mail Privacy Protection.
Read
Read
,
delete
,
and
reply
with peace
of mind.
Mail Privacy Protection
Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email.
Our apps mind their business. Not yours.
Safari throws trackers off your trail.
Safari
Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar.
When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS 17, iPadOS 17, and macOS Sonoma, Private Browsing locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse.
View all privacy features
Health keeps your records under wraps.
Health
From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it.
When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system.
All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data.
Wallet and Apple Pay help hide what you buy.
Wallet and Apple Pay
When you make a purchase, Apple Pay uses a device-specific number and unique transaction code. So your card number is never stored on your device or on Apple servers. And when you pay, your card numbers are never shared by Apple with merchants.
When you pay with a debit or credit card, Apple Pay doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. And when you use Apple Cash, information is stored only for troubleshooting, fraud prevention, and regulatory purposes.
Maps makes your location history, history.
Maps
Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all.
Personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing.
Photos lets you choose who has the full picture.
Photos
Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories.
Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.
Messages are only seen by who you send them to.
Messages
From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices.
Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device.
Siri learns what you need. Not who you are.
Siri
Siri was designed from the beginning to learn your preferences without sharing your identity with Apple or anyone else. You don’t sign in with your Apple Account to use Siri, and the audio of your requests is processed entirely on your device thanks to the power of the Apple Neural Engine.
When Apple does process or store data on our servers, it’s associated with a random identifier — a long string of letters and numbers. That data is used only to improve Siri, and we never share or sell it. Apple doesn’t retain audio of your requests unless you choose to share it with us to improve Siri.
Apple News leaves what you read off the record.
Apple News
Many news sources keep track of your identity and create a profile of you. Apple News delivers personalized content without knowing who you are. The content you read is associated with a random identifier, not your Apple Account.
You get editor-curated content and a personalized newsfeed so you can stay up to date with the latest news and stories. And because Apple News uses machine learning, the more you use it, the better your app gets to know what you like — without Apple ever knowing what you’re into.
App Store shows you what’s in store for your data.
App Store
Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple.
When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers.
Get the latest on privacy.
Your other browser may be watching you.
Safari actually protects your privacy.
Watch the film
Drop by the Apple Store to learn more about privacy.
Join a 30-minute session and learn how to control your privacy on iPhone.
Join a free session
Discover how Apple Vision Pro protects your data.
Like every Apple product and service, Apple Vision Pro is designed to protect your privacy and keep you in control of your data.
View (PDF)
Protect your data from malware.
Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware.
View (PDF)
Take charge of how apps use your data.
Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested.
View (PDF)
Learn more about privacy at Apple.
Review privacy features
Control what you share
See how apps from Apple
handle your data
Our values lead the way.
Accessibility
Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do.
Learn more
Environment
We’re committed to bringing our net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.
Learn more
Racial Equity
and Justice Initiative
We’re addressing systemic racism by expanding opportunities for communities of color globally.
Learn more
Education
We empower students and educators to learn, create, and define their own success.
Learn more
Supply Chain Innovation
We prioritize providing safe, respectful, and supportive workplaces for everyone.
Learn more
Inclusion and Diversity
We’re holding ourselves accountable for creating a culture where everyone belongs.
Learn more
Sub-policy 1
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy:
admob.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Earn more revenue with your apps.
You work hard on your app. AdMob makes earning revenue easy with in-app ads, actionable insights, and powerful, easy-to-use tools that grow your app business.
Get started
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
light-bulb icon
Smarter tech, more revenue
As one of the largest global ad networks, the AdMob Network can fill your ad requests from anywhere in the world. Maximize the value of every impression across all your networks with the most advanced monetization technology.
rising-rate icon
High-performing ad formats
Engage and retain your users with our innovative ad formats. Customize the user experience and earn more revenue by integrating native, rewarded, banner, video, and interstitial ads seamlessly into your app.
bar-graph icon
Actionable analytics
Make smarter decisions to grow mobile app earnings and improve customer experience. AdMob’s robust reporting and measurement features deliver deeper insights into how your users are interacting with your mobile app and ads. Gain even richer insights by directly integrating Google Analytics for Firebase with AdMob.
wrench icon
Automated tools
Streamline your day-to-day mediation tasks with our automated tools. Easy to set up and integrate, our tools offer everything from state-of-the-art brand safety controls to advanced monetization technology with mediation and bidding.
Learn more
Get higher revenue for impressions with bidding
Bidding allows your ad sources to bid on each impression in real time. Since all participating networks compete at the same priority, the winner of any impression is the highest-paying bid.
Learn about AdMob bidding
Drive revenue
See how much you could earn from AdMob
To view your potential earnings, select a region and category for your app’s users.
Select a region
Asia and Pacific Countries
Europe, Middle East and Africa
North America
South America
Select a device
Android
iOS
Select a category
Autos & Vehicles
Books & Reference
Business
Communication
Education
Entertainment
Finance
Fitness & Wellness
Food & Drink
Games
Home & Garden
Law & Government
Lifestyle
Medical
Music & Audio
News & Magazines
Personalization
Photo & Video
Productivity
Real Estate
Science
Shopping
Social
Sports & Recreation
Tools
Transportation
Travel
Calculate
Your app users location and content category is set as
Try a different content category
Monthly Active Users
50,000
Your potential annual revenue
This is an estimate and should be only used as a reference.
$
2
,
5
,
0
,
0
,
0
,
0
,
Get started
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
*
There's no guarantee or commitment that you'll earn this amount. Estimates are based on the content category and region and OS you selected. Actual revenue is dependent on many factors such as advertiser demand, user location, user device, content vertical, seasonality, ad size, currency exchange rates, country and specific operating system regulations. Also, due to COVID-19 the effective expected revenue could be less than the one displayed.
Are you a game developer?
Check out AdMob for Games.
earth icon
Everywhere
AdMob helps translate your hard work into earnings from around the world with features like multiple currency support, country-level mediation, and high fill rates.
AdMob helps translate your hard work into earnings from around the world with features like multiple currency support, country-level mediation, and high fill rates.
size icon
Every size
Whether you’re just starting out or you’re well on your way, AdMob can help your business grow with features like mediation groups, in-house campaigns, and direct deal support that scale to your needs.
Whether you’re just starting out or you’re well on your way, AdMob can help your business grow with features like mediation groups, in-house campaigns, and direct deal support that scale to your needs.
category icon
Every category
We know one size doesn’t fit all. That’s why we cater to every app category, from
Games
to Utilities, with ad formats to fit your unique needs.
Talk to an expert
for your personal consultation.
We know one size doesn’t fit all. That’s why we cater to every app category, from
Games
to Utilities, with ad formats to fit your unique needs.
Talk to an expert
for your personal consultation.
81%
of the Android top 1000 use AdMob.
97%
of AdAge 100 world's largest advertisers buy ads on AdMob.
1 million +
apps use AdMob.
1 million +
Google advertisers are on AdMob.
AdMob is able to provide advertiser demand in more than 200 countries for us. We have seen really competitive, consistently high CPMs from AdMob across a variety of formats — from text interstitials to rich media and video.
Mike Evans
,
VP, Digital Marketing
,
SEGA Networks
Getting Started is easy.
Sign up for AdMob and get more from your app today.
Sign up
Need a consultation?
Contact us.
Guide
Rewarded ads: a win for users, developers, and advertisers
Guide
How developers can maximize app revenue with AdMob mediation
Guide
Mobile ads: the key to monetizing gaming apps
1
See more