私隱政策聲明 Personal Data Privacy Statement
中文版
收集個人資料聲明及私隱政策 (“私隱政策聲明”)
更新日期: 2018年8月27日
ON.CC LIMITED 及其關聯公司 (統稱，“本公司”) 尊重你的私隱，並會按本私隱政策聲明及《個人資料(私隱)條例》(“該條例”) 的規定收集、使用及處理你的個人資料，請你詳細閱讀本私隱政策聲明並確保清楚及完全明白內容。
收集個人資料聲明
1. 	本公司向你提供「服務」時可能以多於一種方法及途徑向你收集個人資料，並會按本私隱政策聲明所述的目的使用及處理你的個人資料，若本公司欲使用及處理你的個人資料作其他目的/用途，本公司將會再向你提供相關資訊並取得你的同意後才會使用及處理你的個人資料。「服務」是指由本公司所提供的媒體平台 (包括本公司網站
on.cc
(“本網站”))、應用程式 (包括流動應用程式)、電子報、軟件、會員登記/登記用戶、個人化服務、刊登分類廣告、推廣優惠活動、遊戲及/或其他產品/服務。
2. 	當你使用服務，包括登入本網站瀏覽、使用或下載可供下載軟件或透過本網站向本公司提供資料時，即表示你已閱讀本私隱政策聲明及同意本公司可按本私隱政策聲明收集、使用及/或處理你的個人資料。
倘若你是歐洲聯盟地區的人士 (“歐盟人士”)，當你使用服務前，你必需就本公司使用及處理你的個人資料給予同意並點擊『同意接受』(但未滿16歲歐盟人士須由其父母或監護人同意)。當你點擊『同意接受』後，即表示你確定已閱讀本私隱政策聲明及同意本公司可根據本私隱政策聲明收集、使用及/或處理你的個人資料，如你不接受本私隱政策聲明，請不要點擊『同意接受』。你亦可隨時提出撤回同意接受之要求 (請電郵到
enquiry@on.cc
)。
3. 	本公司向你收集的個人資料可包括你的姓名、電郵地址、出生日期、性別、年齡、職業、聯絡電話、郵寄地址、個人或家庭收入、教育程度或信用卡資料。
4. 	本公司會因網上保安或服務需要向你收集其他資料，包括你所居住的地區、暱稱、登入密碼、有關登入密碼之兩條提示問題的答案和個人資產等。此外，當你使用服務，本網站會從你的電腦及瀏覽器或你所使用的裝置收集、接收及紀錄的其他資料包括一般訪客資料、Cookies資料、通用唯一識別碼 (Universally Unique Identifier，簡稱UUID)、互聯網通訊協定位址 (Internet Protocol Address，簡稱IP位址)、定位資料、瀏覽記錄、裝置型號和版本及社交身份的資料。免生疑問，本公司根據本私隱政策聲明向你收集的所有資料，包括上述第3項及第4項所提述的個人資料和其他資料均視作個人資料。
收集和使用個人資料的目的
5. 	本公司向你收集的個人資料會用於以下用途 (或其中任何一項)：
5.1	向你提供服務及執行和管理本公司向你提供的服務；
5.2	處理申請會員登記或登記用戶及管理你的會員/登記戶口；
5.3	識別及核實你的身份以確定你有權享用服務；
5.4	跟進及處理與服務有關事宜，如聯絡、查詢及投訴；
5.5	進行推廣優惠活動及向你提供新資訊和消息(包括通知你有關本公司之產品/服務的信息)；
5.6	進行問卷調查、數據分析或研究，以助本公司了解你及其他用戶的需要、提升或改善服務素質、發展業務及設計合適的服務；
5.7	調查投訴或申索；
5.8	登記及管理本公司或本公司與第三者舉辦或推廣之活動、遊戲或比賽；
5.9 與其他資料合併進行分析及統計以開拓本公司業務或向潛在商業合作伙伴、廣告商及其他第三者介紹本公司的服務及相關用途；
5.10	防止及偵測罪行及根據監管機構或法例 (如法庭命令) 要求作出披露及協助或為遵守現時及將來香港特別行政區 (“香港”) 境內或香港境外存在的任何法律、法例、規定或法庭命令而履行本公司的責任；
5.11 與本公司日常營運或運作有關的目的，包括但不限於確保服務如常運作、改善服務的安全性及可靠性或技術問題及為履行本公司因提供服務所產生應負的法律義務時；
5.12	透過Cookies收集及統計訪客一切資料以便管理及改善服務；及
5.13 保障本公司利益及任何與上述事項相關的目的/用途。
6. 	當本公司要求你提供個人資料時，你有權自行決定是否提供而並不一定要提供。但若你未能提供所需資料或所提供的資料不足或不正確，本公司未必可以向你提供服務，而你亦可能無法享用服務。
披露/轉移個人資料
7.	本公司不會將你的個人資料出售給任何人，但本公司會將你的個人資料披露或轉移予東方企控集團有限公司及其附屬公司或關聯公司(統稱，“集團公司”)，以便提供服務及/或作直接促銷/推廣用途。
8.	本公司亦會在以下情況披露或轉移你的個人資料予第三者 (不論在香港境內或境外，即有關的個人資料可能在香港境內轉移至香港境外的其他地區/國家)：
8.1 商業合作伙伴和贊助商
本公司所舉辦的推廣活動、遊戲或其他活動 (“活動”) 可能與第三者 (“商業伙伴”) 合辦或由商業伙伴贊助，本公司可能會將你的個人資料向商業伙伴披露，但會在收集或披露前向你明確告知，請參閱相關活動的條款或細則。如果你不同意本公司將你的個人資料作出披露或轉移給商業伙伴，你應選擇不參與該些活動。
另外，在許多活動中，本公司可能會詢問你是否願意接收商業伙伴的額外資料 (包括但不限於宣傳資料)。如果你表示同意，本公司會將你的個人資料披露或轉移商業伙伴，以便他們完成你的請求。不過，由於各商業伙伴均有其獨立的收集個人資料聲明及私隱政策 (“商業伙伴的私隱政策”)，請你自行閱讀商業伙伴的私隱政策才作出決定。不論任何情況，本公司或集團公司不會就商業伙伴使用你的資料承擔法律責任。
8.2 潛在商業合作伙伴或贊助商
本公司為了開拓業務或業務發展可能會向一些潛在商業合作伙伴或贊助商或其他第三者披露或轉移你及其他用戶之統計資料(但不會包含以供第三者識別你的身分的個人資料)。
8.3. 刊登分類廣告
本公司可能會將你於刊登分類廣告服務中所提供的信用卡資料及聯絡資料披露或轉移給相關信用卡公司或銀行。
8.4 第三方服務供應商
本公司可能會將你的個人資料披露或轉移予該等就本公司業務運作向本公司提供行政、電訊、電腦、法律、會計、財務或其他服務的第三方服務供應商、代理、承包商、分包商、咨詢機構及/或顧問 (包括其僱員、董事及職員) 及在技術需要或提供服務時披露或轉移予第三方資料處理者或其代理，包括但不限於流量及統計服務供應商、內容傳遞網路供應商、雲端服務及內容寄存服務供應商。
8.5 其他情況
當有人可能違反本公司的「使用條款及細則」、損害或妨礙本公司或集團公司的利益/權益或因你或其他用戶之不當行為而令他人權益受損的情況(不論是無意或是故意）(如你侵犯他人知識產權) 或涉及違法行為，只要本公司有理由相信披露你的個人資料有助辨識、聯絡或對你或任何人士採取法律行動時，本公司會將你的個人資料披露給相關人士。此外，本公司會根據對本公司具有約束力的監管機構或其他法例或法庭命令要求披露你的個人資料 (包括披露你的個人資料予就上述第5.10項列明的用途而本公司有責任或必需作出披露的任何人士)。
查閱、改正或刪除個人資料
你有權查閱、要求改正或刪除本公司所持有你的個人資料。有關要求應以書面形式向本公司之保障資料主任提出，請電郵至：
enquiry@on.cc
。然而，你亦有權向相關的監管機構作出投訴或咨詢你的律師。
直接促銷活動
本公司可能會擬使用你的個人資料作直接促銷，但本公司未獲得你的同意 (或表示不反對) 前，則不會使用你的個人資料作直接促銷之用。
如你不願意你的個人資料被本公司用作直接促銷，你可電郵至
enquiry@on.cc
提出書面要求。
保安
本公司會將你的個人資料保密處理，並會刪除不再需要作原有用途的個人資料。
你的會員登記戶口和其他登記戶口均有密碼保護，你的登入密碼及／或任何登記戶口資料之保密性必須由你本人負責。本公司不會在未經你同意的情況下透過電話或電子郵件詢問你的登入密碼，你亦不應把登入密碼透露給任何人。此外，本公司提醒你應在使用服務後登出登記戶口並關閉瀏覽器視窗才可防止別人讀取你的個人資料。
私隱政策
本公司承諾遵守該條例的規定，並對你的個人資料盡力做好保安及保密方面工作。
不過，如你未滿18歲 (或如你是未滿16歲的歐盟人士) (或為無行為能力的人)，你不應向本公司提供任何個人資料，除非已取得你的父母或監護人同意，而因本公司會透過Cookies收集訪客資料，你可更改設定選擇『不接受』Cookies，但可能會影響部份本網站的正常運作。
本私隱政策聲明的中、英文版本有任何抵觸/衝突，須以英文版本為準。如對本私隱政策聲明有任何問題/疑問，請與本公司之保障資料主任聯絡，請電郵到
enquiry@on.cc
。
English Version
Collection of Personal Data Statement and Privacy Policy ("Personal Data Privacy Statement")
Last Updated: 27 Aug 2018
ON.CC LIMITED and its associated companies (collectively,"Our Company") respect your privacy and will collect, use and process your personal data in accordance with this Personal Data Privacy Statement and the requirements under the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (the"Ordinance"). You shall read this Personal Data Privacy Statement carefully so as to ensure that you fully and clearly understand the contents herein.
Collection of Personal Data Statement
1. Our Company may collect your personal data in several ways whenever Our Company provides the Services to you, and will use and process your personal data for the purposes described in this Personal Data Privacy Statement. If Our Company wishes to use and process your personal data for any other purpose, Our Company will further provide you with the relevant information on that other purpose and will obtain your consent before using and/or processing such information. The Services shall mean the media platform(s) (including Our Company's website,
on.cc
("Our Website")), application(s) (including mobile device application), e-paper, software, membership registration/registered user, personalization services,  classified post, promotion, games and/or any other products/services provided by Our Company.
2. Whenever you use the Services, which may include access to Our Website, use or download of any downloadable software or submission of contents via Our Website, you are deemed to have read this Personal Data Privacy Statement and agree to allow Our Company to collect, use and/or process your personal data in accordance with this Personal Data Privacy Statement.
If you are an individual in the European Union ("EU's individual"), you must give consent to our Company for our use and processing your personal data by clicking 『同意接受』before you may use the Services (however if you are under 16, such consent must be given by your parents or guardians). By clicking 『同意接受』, you confirmed that you had read this Personal Data Privacy Statement and agreed to allow Our Company to collect, use and/or process your personal data in accordance with this Personal Data Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this Personal Data Privacy Statement , please do not click 『同意接受』. You may also request for withdrawal of your consent from time to time (please email to
enquiry@on.cc
).
3. Our Company will collect your personal data which includes your name, email address, data of birth, gender, age, occupation, contact phone number, postal address, personal or household income, education level or credit card information.
4. For security reason or Services need, Our Company will collect some other information from you, such as the place of residence, nickname, login password, answers to two questions for login password and personal assets. In addition, whenever you use the Services, Our Website will collect, receive and record from your computer and web browser or the device used by you some other information including the general information about users, Cookies information, the Universally Unique Identifier (abbreviation UUID), Internet Protocol Address (abbreviation IP Address), location information, browsing record, device model and version and social media identity information. For the avoidance of doubt, all the information collected from you by Our Company in accordance with this Personal Data Privacy Statement including the personal data and some other information as mentioned in paragraphs 3 and 4 above will be treated as personal data.
Purpose of collection and use of personal data
5. Our company will collect your personal data for the following purposes (or any one of them):
5.1	provision of the Services to you and administration and management of the Services to you;
5.2	processing the application for membership or registered user and administration of the members' /registered users' account;
5.3	identifying and verifying your identity to ensure that you have the right to use the Services;
5.4	conducting follow-up and handling all the matters in relation to the Services, such as contact, enquiry and complaint;
5.5	carrying out promotion and providing you with new information and other information (including notifying you Our Company's goods/services);
5.6	conducting survey, data analysis or carrying out research to enable Our Company to understand your or other users' needs, upgrading or improving the quality of Services, business development and customization of the Services;
5.7	investigation of complaints or claims;
5.8	registration and administration of the promotional activities, games or competition conducted by Our Company alone or together with other third party;
5.9	consolidation of other information to carrying out analysis for exploring business opportunities or introducing the Services to any potential business 	partner, advertiser or third party and all the related purposes;
5.10	prevention and detection of crime and for disclosure or assistance in accordance with the legal (such as court order) or regulatory authority requirement or for meeting our Company's obligation to comply with any law, regulation, rule or court order within the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ("Hong Kong") existing currently and in the future;
5.11	all other matters in relation to the daily operation of Our Company, including  but not limited to ensuring the Services are in normal operation, improving the safety and reliability of the Services or technology problem and meeting our Company's obligations arising from or in connection with the provision of the Services;
5.12	collection and preparing statistics the users' data via Cookies for administration and improvement of the Services; and
5.13	protection of Our Company's interest and for all the matters in relation to the above-mentioned purposes.
6.	Whenever you are requested by Our Company to provide your personal data, you have the right to decide as to whether you should provide your personal data to Our Company but are not obliged to do so. If you do not provide Our Company with the requested information or if the information provided by you is inadequate or inaccurate, Our Company may not be able to provide you with the Services and you may be unable to enjoy the Services.
Disclosure/Transfer of Personal Data
7. Our Company will not sell your personal data to any third party, but Our Company will disclose or transfer your personal data to Oriental Enterprise Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries or associated companies (collectively, the"Group Company") for provision of the Services and/or direct marketing purpose.
8. Our Company will also disclose or transfer your personal data under the following circumstances (whether within or outside Hong Kong, i.e. the personal data may be transferred in and to a place outside Hong Kong):
8.1 Business Parties and Sponsors
The promotions, games or other activities (the"activity") organized by Our Company may be co-organized or sponsored by the third party (the"Business Partners"). Our Company may disclose or transfer your personal data to the Business Partners, but you will be notified in advance, and you shall refer to the specific Terms and Conditions for that particular activity. If you do not want your personal data be disclosed or transferred to the Business Partners, you shall not participate in the activity.
In additional, in some activities, Our Company may ask you whether you wishes 	to receive the Business Partners' information (including but not limited to promotional materials), and if you have signified your agreement, Our Company will disclose or transfer your personal data to the Business Partners to enable them to satisfy your demand. However, as the Business Partners have their own collection of personal data and privacy policy (the"Business Partners' Privacy Policy"), you should read over the Business Partners' Privacy Policy before making decision. In any event, Our Company or Group Company shall have no liability or responsibility in relation to the use of your personal data by the Business Partners.
8.2	Potential business partners or sponsors
Our Company may disclose or transfer the statistic results about you and other users (which will not include your personal data sufficient for identification) to the potential business partner or sponsor or other third party, for exploring business opportunities or business development.
8.3.	Classified post
Our Company may disclose or transfer your credit card information and contact information provided by you in connection with the classified post service to the related credit card company or bank.
8.4 	Third party service provider
Our Company may disclose or transfer your personal data to any third party service provider, agent, contractor, sub-contractor, adviser and/or consultant (including its employees, directors and officers) who provides administrative, telecommunication, computer, legal, accounting, financing or other services to Our Company in connection with the business operation, and also to the third party data processor or its agents, upon technical or service providing needs, including but not limited to traffic and statistical services providers, content delivery network providers, cloud services and hosting services providers.
8.5	Others
If someone may have committed breaches of Our Company's"Terms and Conditions of Use", or if interests of Our Company or Group Company may have been prejudiced or impeded, or if someone may have been suffered loss by reason of your or other user's improper act (whether with or without intent) (such as infringement of other party's intellectual property by you) or you may have been involving in unlawful act, and Our Company is of the opinion that disclosure of your personal data will contribute to the identification, contact or instituting any legal action against you or other users, Our Company will disclose or transfer your personal data to the related person. In addition, Our Company will disclose your personal data according to the requirement of regulatory authority to which Our Company is subject, or other legal requirement or court order (including disclosure of personal data to any person to whom Our Company is under an obligation or required to make disclosure for the purposes set out in paragraph 5.10 above).
Access to, correction or erasure of personal data
You have the right to access to, request for correction/rectification or erasure of your personal data. Any request shall be made in writing to Our Company's data protection officer at
enquiry@on.cc
. In any event, you have the right to refer any complaint to the relevant authority or to make enquiry with your own solicitors.
Direct Marketing
Our Company may use your personal data for direct marketing, but Our Company will not use your personal data for direct marketing unless and until you consents (or indicate that you have no objection) thereto.
However, if you do not wish Our Company to use your personal data for direct marketing, please make written request by email to
enquiry@on.cc
.
Security
Our Company will keep your personal data in secret, and will erase personal data which is no longer necessary for the purposes for which they are to be used.
Your membership account or other registered account are password-protected and you are solely responsible for the security of your login password and the information contained in the account. Our Company will not, without your prior consent, ask for your login password via telephone or email, and you should not disclose your login password to any third party. In addition, you are reminded that you shall sign out of your account and close the window of the browser after using the Services so as to prevent others from having access to your personal data.
Privacy Policy
Our Company shall comply with the requirements under the Ordinance, and shall endeavours to maintain the security and confidentiality of your personal data.
However, if you are under 18 (or if you are EU's individual and under 16) (or person under disability incapable), you shall not provide your personal data to Our Company unless and until you have obtained your parent's or guardian's consent, and as Our Company will collect the users' access information via Cookies, and you can choose not to accept Cookies, but such act may affect certain functioning of Our Website.
If there is any inconsistency or conflict between the English version and the Chinese version of this Personal Data Privacy Statement, the English version shall prevail. For question or enquiry about this Personal Data Privacy Statement, please contact Our Company's data protection officer and email to:
enquiry@on.cc
.
版權所有 © 2025 ON.CC LIMITED. All rights reserved.