App Store
Preview
This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad.
Screenshots
iPhone
iPad
Description
Lose Yourself Without Getting Lost.
This handy application presents you several self-guided walks featuring the best of the city, from world famous attractions to hidden gems. There simply is no better way to see a city on foot, at your own pace and at a cost that is only a fraction of what you would normally pay for a guided tour.
This app comes with a detailed and fully functional city map to help you explore the city and locate the sights of interest. City map functions included in this app are: street name and business (restaurants, cafes, etc.), search, location bookmarking, `Findme` (iPhone and iPad 3/4G model), movement tracking (iPhone and iPad 3/4G model), and more. You can track your steps, take photos along the way, and then share your tracks and photos with friends.
Sightseeing walks included in this application are:
* Historic Venues (6 sights)
* Ancient History Sites (9 sights)
* Vatican Tour (10 sights)
* Monti and Celio Walk (12 sights)
* Trastevere Walk (8 sights)
* Trevi and Colonna Walk (11 sights)
* Pigna & Sant'Eustachio Walk (5 sights)
* Holy Sites (7 sights)
* Campitelli & St'Angelo Walk (14 sights)
* Pinciano Cultural Walk (8 sights)
* Museums Walk (10 sights)
* "Roman Holiday" Tour (13 sights)
* Old Rome Walk (11 sights)
* Esposizione Universale Roma (9 sights)
* Gift & Souvenir Shopping (9 sights)
* Colosseum to Pantheon Walk (16 sights)
* Campo Marzio Walk (7 sights)
* Old Rome Nightlife Tour (7 sights)
Discovery walks included in this application are:
* Prati Shopping
* Campo Marzio Shopping and Antiques Hunting
* Antiques Hunting
* Quartiere Coppedè Walking Tour
* Monti Walking Tour
* Trastevere Walk
* Testaccio Walking Tour
* Garbatella Walking Tour
No Data Plan or Internet is Needed, and No Roaming either. All the data used in this app is built into the software, so there is no need for internet access or cellular data plan. No need to pay costly roaming charges when traveling to foreign cities. The app works with your iPhone, iPod Touch or iPad.
All the navigation features related to the city walks are disabled in this Lite version, which means that you can view the walk details (sight descriptions and photos), but NO navigation assistance is provided to guide you from one sight to the next. Download the Lite version if you want to use the city map or learn about the city walks. However, if you want to join the walks, it is highly recommended that you download a Full Version of this app. The Full Version includes detailed walk route maps to guide you from one sight to the next.
Please visit our website at www.GPSmyCity.com to find city walks for over 470 cities worldwide.
Note: Continued use of GPS running in the background can dramatically decrease battery life. This app gives you the option to turn off the GPS tracking in the background to prolong the battery life.
more
What’s New
Version History
17 Dec 2017
Version 7.1
This app has been updated by Apple to display the Apple Watch app icon.
- User interface and stability enhancements.
- Added tutorial videos.
Ratings and Reviews
2.7
out of 5
3 Ratings
3 Ratings
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
GPSmyCity.com, Inc.
, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to Apple.
No Details Provided
The developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update.
Information
Provider
GPSmyCity.com, Inc. has identified itself as a trader for this app and confirmed that this product or service complies with European Union law.
Address
2780 South Jones Blvd, #3365
Las Vegas Nevada 89146
United States
Phone Number
+1 7028669093
Email
helpdesk@gpsmycity.com
Size
120.6 MB
Category
Travel
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 9.3 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 9.3 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 9.3 or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English
Age Rating
4+
Location
This app may use your location even when it isn’t open, which can decrease battery life.
Copyright
© 2010 GPSmyCity.com, Inc.
Price
Free
Developer Website
App Support
Developer Website
App Support
More By This Developer
See All
GPSmyCity: Walks in 1K+ Cities
Travel
Dublin Map and Walks
Travel
Cork Map and Walks
Travel
Galway Map and Walks
Travel
New York Map and Walks
Travel
London Map and Walks
Travel
You Might Also Like
See All
Rome Travel Guide
Navigation
Discover Rome - travel guide
Travel
Rome Travel Guide Offline
Travel
Vatican City Guide
Travel
Italy Travel Guide Offline
Navigation
Amalfi Coast Travel Guide
Navigation
Sub-section Policy: 