Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how personal information is being used. Please read this document carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect
In order for you to create an account on Godville and use our Services, we need to collect and process certain information. Depending on your use of the Services, that may include:
Information you provide by completing forms — your imaginary god name (login), hero name, their genders. We may also ask for email and password details. We may ask for this information if you register as a user of the Services, upload or submit content through Godville, or if you contact us.
Details of any requests or transactions you make through the Services. Godville partners with other companies (such as Apple, Google, Microsoft, Xsolla) for payment processing, and the payment information you submit is collected and used by them in accordance with their privacy policies. Godville doesn’t store your payment information.
Information about your activity on and interaction with Godville, including use of our mobile apps (such as your IP address, the type of device or browser you use, and your actions on the website).
Information about the ways people visit and interact with our website, in the form of traffic analytics. You can opt out of being included in Google Analytics
here
.
Communications you send to us (for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem).
Information that you submit on or to Godville in the form of comments, contributions to forum discussions, or messages to other users, guild chat messages, personal chronicles, ideabox submissions and wiki edits.
You may decline to provide us with your information. However, this will limit your ability to register for an account or use our Services.
You may review, change or remove your information through your account settings.
How do we use your information
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, surf the website, or use certain other website features in the following ways:
To create and administer your account, contact you, personalize your experience while you accessing the website.
To keep your account secure and protect our Services, prevent fraud and abuse.
To allow you to restore access to the website and receive security notifications on actions regarding your account
To develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our
Terms of Service
, or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
Legal basis for processing personal information
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only: a) where we need this  information to serve you; b) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights; or c) where we have your consent to do so. We have a legitimate interest in operating our Services and communicating with you as necessary to provide these Services, for example when responding to your queries, improving our platform, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
How the information is shared
Information that’s shared publicly
When you create an account, we create a basic profile page for you on Godville. Your profile is public and your god name appears with the comments you post and messages you send on Godville. People can click your god name to view your profile page. Others will be able to see the following things:
Your god and hero names and genders.
Approximate age of the account.
Avatar image (optional; can be disabled in the account settings).
The motto and the chronicles you've written (if any).
When choosing god name (account name) you're encouraged to choose a name that is not identifiable (e.g., DivineEntity42). You can modify certain information associated with your account (such as your god name, hero name, genders, email) from your account settings.
Other players may see the following information submitted by you: certain god voices sent to your hero, forum posts, blog comments, certain ideabox submissions, guild council messages, wiki edits.
Information that isn't shared publicly
The following data will not be publicly displayed or revealed to other users:
Your email address (if you provided one).
Your password details.
Your IP address.
Any payment-related information (e.g. who gifted me these charges?).
Private profile information.
Private communications you send to us (for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem).
Data retention
Your information is retained as long as your account is active, as it is necessary to provide you with the Services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy. The information may also be retained for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect legal rights.
Some aggregated, anonymized or pseudonymized information which we may retain indefinitely may also be collected to protect the safety and security of our website, improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.
Your rights and choices
You can update your account data or delete your account from your account settings page. You can also request deletion by sending an email to support@godvillegame.com with your god name, using the respective email address of the account you would like for us to delete. 
         Please note that we have the right to reject deletion requests that are unduly burdensome or repetitive or that cannot be honored in light of legitimate business purposes.
Email and mobile notifications
Your email address is used to:
Allow you to restore access to the website.
Notify you on security-related activities related to your account (password reset, account information changes, warnings about important account-related changes).
The game may send mobile and/or browser notifications related to you hero. You can update notification preferences or disable them completely in your profile settings.
We may also send you service-related announcements when it’s necessary to do so.
How do we protect your information
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
We follow industry-standard practices to protect the data we collect and maintain (such as Transport Layer Security (TLS), encrypted passwords, etc) when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All in-game purchases are processed through a payments providers and are not stored or processed on our servers.
We encourage the responsible disclosure of vulnerabilities of our Services by emailing
support@godvillegame.com
.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the website's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us authorize you and provide personalized access to the website. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about website traffic and website interaction so that we can offer better website experiences and tools in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. To find out more about how to enable, disable, or delete cookies from your web browser, please visit
here
.
If you turn cookies off, most of features may be inaccessible.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Advertisements
We have not enabled Google AdSense or other Ad networks on our website.
Children
People under the age of 16 years old (or the legal age in your jurisdiction) are not allowed to use Godville.
Changes
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at
support@godvillegame.com
Updated: May 24 2018.