Privacy Policy (General – Website & Mobile Applications)



Last modified: [7 Feb 2023]

 

At Thirteen32 Limited (“The Company”), we value your privacy, and have crafted this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect and use the information that you choose to give us about yourself.

 

Specifically, this Privacy Policy covers how The Company collects and uses the information that you choose to give us that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information by The Company (“Personal Information”).

 

This Privacy Policy generally applies to all products, services or websites offered by The Company or its subsidiaries (“Products”).  If a specific Product collects additional data, or uses it in a way different to our other Products, we will notify you by providing a link to the relevant modifications in the terms of use for that Product.

 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us at privacy@thirteen32.com

 

1.        Information The Company collects

 

When you use a Product of The Company we will collect and use the following types of Personal Information which you provide at signup, either through a Products stand alone form, or passed from a thirdparty login provider including but not limited to Facebook, Google, and/or Apple.

 

Basic Information – your name, profile picture, user ID, and any other information which you or the thirdparty login provide to us.
Specific Information – any Personal Information that you specifically choose to share with The Company when you sign up for a Product.  This will be specifically identified on the “Request for Permissions” screen that forms part of the sign up process for the Product.

 

As you use the Product, The Company will also collect and use the following types of information:

 

Usage Information – anonymous information about user behaviour, including, for example: your internet protocol address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time.
User Generated Content – while using the Product, you may be invited to interact with other users of the Product, write comments, or otherwise provide information.
Activity Information – we may record anonymous data about your use of the site,  (“Activity Information”). This information is used for internal analytics, the results of which are used to improve the application.

 

2.        How The Company uses your information

 

Any information which you have chosen to give us may be stored indefinitely on our servers, or on a database controlled by the thirdparty login provider.

 

The Company will use your Personal Information as follows:

 

to provide you with a better experience and improve the quality of our Products.  For example, we will use this Personal Information to customise your experience of the Product to provide you with content relevant to your location, language, gender, friends, or other characteristics.
to provide you with advertising content that is relevant to your characteristics.  In doing so no Personal Information will be passed to third parties or advertisers.
to feed information into our Products for you to edit and then re-export for your own use or to share with your friends. The Company itself doesn’t use, view or modify this information, we just automatically pass it on to our Product for you to use.
to provide you with relevant content updates or recommendations.  You will be able to opt out of any content updates or recommendations if you don’t want to receive them.
In addition to the above, we may use the information we collect to:

 

Provide, maintain, protect, and improve our Products and develop new Products; and
Protect the rights or property of The Company or our users.
If we use your Personal Information in a manner other than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent before such use.

 

The Company processes Personal Information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries and will take all practicable steps to secure your Personal Information from unauthorized use.

 

3.        Enforcement and your rights

 

You may request that we delete all personal information held about you. No fee will be payable. If you would like us to do this, please write to us a privacy@thirteen32.com. Please ensure that you include your email address so that we can identify you.

 

4.        Changes to this Privacy Policy

 

Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. The Company will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.  We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a notice either when you next access the Product, or by way of email.

 

5.        Sales or Transfers of Products

 

The Company may sell Products to a third party for business reasons.  If this occurs, the third party will gain access to your Personal Information.  In this event, The Company will provide you with notification of the sale either when you next use the Product, or by way of an email.

 

6.        Third Party Content, Embeds, Script and API access

 

Products may give the user access to thirdparty content, including but not limited to, images, videos, embedded websites, plugins, scripts, and programmatic (API) access. Examples of content may include:
Facebook Like Button
YouTube Video Embeds
YouTube API Access
When the user accesses such content they agree to submit to the privacy policy of the third party, including but not limited to:
Facebeook Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Google Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
YouTube Privacy Policy: https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
SMS