Array
(
)
Start Dating >>
Start Dating >>
Our Privacy Policy
Lovestruck.com ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our
Terms of Use
and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (the
Act
), the data controller is:
Love Group Pte Ltd
Level 14, 20 Cecil Street
Singapore 049705
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site lovestruck.com (
our site
). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site.
We may call, email and/or SMS you about services or offers relating to Lovestruck. We will not display your phone number to any other member.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
IP addresses and cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service.
They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests
To speed up your searches
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted [using SSL technology.] Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, regardless of whether you have explicitly consented to be contacted for such purposes
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so
To notify you about changes to our service.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS or instant message) or telephone calls with information about services similar to those which have been provided on previous occasions.
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in SW1). We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Lovestruck.com or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our
terms of use
and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Lovestruck.com, our customers, or others. [This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.]
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at privacy@lovestruck.com.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of S$20 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Your subscription
Lovestruck is a premium dating site and a subscription-based service. To cancel your subscription, please email a cancellation request to payment@lovestruck.com at least 3 working days before your subscription is due for renewal. For your security, this email must: contain your Lovestruck member ID and be sent from the email address that you use for your Lovestruck account.
Your account
To completely deactivate your account, sign into your Lovestruck account and go to Settings page to deactivate your account.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should sent to privacy@lovestruck.com
LONDON
3rd Floor, 86-90 Paul Street,
London, EC2A 4NE
Hong Kong
Level 15, Silver Fortune Plaza,
1 Wellington Street,
Central, Hong Kong
Singapore
20 Cecil Street, 14th floor,
PLUS building, Singapore 049705
Bangkok
388 Exchange Tower, 29th Fl.,
Unit 2901 - 2904, Sukhumvit Rd.,
Klongtoey District,
          Bangkok 10110
Contact Us
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Our Privacy Policy
© 2025 Love Group Hong Kong Limited