Privacy Policy
eyeXam is a platform that provides eye care management through mobile connectivity between subscribed Eye Care Practitioners (“Subscribed ECPs”) using a web-based dashboard (“Dashboard”) and users of the eyeXam mobile application (“Consumers” and together with the Dashboard, the “eyeXam Platform”).  This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) affects three groups of users: ECPs using the eyeXam Dashboard, Consumers and eyeXam website visitors (collectively, referred to as “Users”).
The eyeXam Platform has been developed and maintained by Global EyeVentures, LLC (“GEV”).
GEV does not sell, share or rent our users’ personally identifiable information unless required by law. GEV does not send out e-mail or other communications without User permission. GEV does not send spam.
GEV is committed to protecting your privacy.
OVERVIEW
Services
Location Based Services
Children
What information eyeXam collects
How eyeXam Uses Personally Identifiable Information
Information Disclosed to Third Parties
eyeXam Subscribed ECPs
eyeXam Consumers
Consumer Information
Website Visitors
HIPAA Polices and Procedures
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
SERVICES
GEV provides ECPs and Consumers with the ability to communicate through the  Dashboard and mobile device (“Services”). Consumers can search for local ECPs and request eye-related services through their mobile device. As well, Consumers can take vision-screening tests, view offers and promotions for eye-related products, manage their appointments, and send messages to ECPs in real time. The eyeXam mobile application is a free mobile app and can be downloaded from the App Store or Google Play.
LOCATION BASED SERVICES
Where we collect location-based information, we will generally do so anonymously for the improvement of the eyeXam Dashboard. You consent to our use of anonymous information collected based on your location.
Where the eyeXam Platform connects or is used in conjunction with a third party application, GEV is not responsible for the privacy practices of other third party applications or websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit to review their use of personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the eyeXam Platform.
CHILDREN
Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. The eyeXam Platform is not to be used by children.  We do not collect or maintain personally identifiable information from Users that are under 18 years of age. The eyeXam Platform and our Services are not designed to attract people that are under 18 years of age. Although all efforts are taken to prevent children from using the eyeXam Platform, if it comes to our attention that a User is under the age of 18, we will take the necessary steps to remove that User’s Personal Information from our databases and to prevent the User from using the eyeXam Platform and our Services.
WHAT INFORMATION eyeXam COLLECTS
Personal information provided by visitors of our website for the purpose of collecting further information
Certain information automatically stored in a log such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, page views, referring URL and a data/time stamp
Consumer information provided when downloading and registering the eyeXam mobile app using your name, e-email address and phone number (“Registered Information”)
HOW eyeXam USES PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
To provide Users with further information about our services
To analyze trends, administer the site, track Users’ movements around the website and eyeXam mobile app
Gather demographic information about our Users in order to improve product delivery to our Users
Administer your User account
Provide you with our Services and customer support
Customize the content and advertising you may see on the eyeXam Platform
To market our products and services to you and those of third parties we believe may be of interest to you
Collect and/or distribute money
Respond to your requests, resolve disputes and/or troubleshoot problems
Verify your compliance with your obligations in our Terms and Conditions, Terms of Use or other GEV policies
Improve the quality of the our Services
Communicate with you about the eyeXam Platform and our Services
INFORMATION DISCLOSED TO THIRD PARTIES
We may disclose certain personal information in the following instances:
To third party vendors who help us provide our Services;
To third parties to whom you ask us to send Personal Information (including other Users);
To a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), in the event we have such Affiliates in the future, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy;
To a company that merges with us, acquires us, or purchases our assets, in which case such company may continue to process your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy; or
If we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Terms of Use; (b) comply with relevant laws or to respond to requests from law enforcement or other government officials relating to investigations or alleged illegal activity, in which case we can (and you authorize us to) disclose Personal Information without subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (c) protect and defend our rights or property or the rights and property of you or third parties.
We do not disclose the personal information of ECPs to other ECPs. We do not disclose the Personal Information of any User to any other User. We do, however, provide users with the opportunity to establish a bidirectional communication with ECPs through a messaging system on the eyeXam Platform.
We always provide the ability for Users to opt-out of having personally identifiable information used as part of the services provided by GEV. Please e-mail us at
support@eyeXam.com
if you wish to opt-out.
eyeXam SUBSCRIBED ECPs
Vision Service Plan (“VSP”) has provided GEV with practice information for all VSP providers including practice name, address and phone number as per a partnership agreement between VSP and GEV. A Subscribed ECP will be asked to provide payment information such as a credit card, which is used for monthly billing purposes only. As part of the services provided by GEV, consumer personally identifiable information (“Consumer Information”) is uploaded into our secure servers. This process is performed so you can use the Dashboard to communicate with consumers. The collection of Consumer Information is done solely to provide our Services to you in accordance with the Subscription Agreement, Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use.
eyeXam CONSUMERS
Consumers will be required to register the eyeXam mobile application by selecting a username and account password unique to the mobile device (“Login Information”) to protect their personal information and providing Registered Information. Consumers acknowledge that their Login Information will not be shared with any other individual and if shared, you waive any right to the privacy of the information stored on the eyeXam mobile application.
Upon your request, we will close your account and remove your personal Information and/or practice listing from the eyeXam Platform without unreasonable delay and in accordance with applicable law. Unless you otherwise opt-out of using the eyeXam Platform, we will continue to use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy even after we have closed your account. If you opt-out of using the eyeXam Platform, we may retain the personal information to comply with laws, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms and Conditions or Terms of Use, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
By installing the eyeXam mobile application and providing Registered Information, you will receive reminders, appointment confirmations and other communications from offices with which you have an existing business relationship. Once you view an ECP’s profile, your Registered Information will be provided to the ECP. By downloading and registering the eyeXam mobile app, you have authorized for this Registered Information to be shared and for the ECP to communicate with you only through the eyeXam mobile application. You have the right to not share your Registered Information with ECPs by turning the setting “OFF” through the eyeXam mobile app. You can also opt-out of receiving these communications by unsubscribing. You acknowledge that if you transmit personal health information, you waive any right to the privacy of such information.
CONSUMER INFORMATION
GEV will not use Consumer Information for the purposes of directly marketing to, or otherwise communicating directly with those consumers about eyeXam or any third party products or services.
WEBSITE VISITORS
Visitors of the eyeXam website (
www.eyeXam.com
) may provide personal information in order to receive further information about the eyeXam Platform. This information will not be used for any other purposes other than to provide more information as requested.
HIPAA POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
GEV is committed to maintaining the confidentiality of information entrusted to us by our Users, especially individually identifiable personal and health information such as Registered Information and Protected Health Information. GEV enables Subscribed ECPs to communicate with their patients through the eyeXam mobile application while complying with HIPAA.
GEV protects the confidentiality of information it receives by adhering to the requirements of the HIPAA Privacy Rule and the HIPAA Security Rule. The Privacy. The Privacy Rule governs the acquisition, storage, transfer and retention of Protected Health Information, in both electronic and paper formats. The Security Rule covers all information acquired, maintained or transferred electronically.
We comply with all business associate obligations under HIPAA/HITECH. GEV respects the privacy of personal health information and we take securing your and your patients’ data seriously.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
GEV will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. To keep up-to-date, please check this privacy policy periodically.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy you can e-mail your questions, concerns and comments to
support@eyeXam.com
.
İngilizce Türkçe çeviri siteleri kullanıcıların metinleri veya belgeleri yükleyerek anında tercüme yapmalarını sağlayan platformlardır Genellikle temel çeviri ihtiyaçlarını karşılamak için kullanılır ve geniş bir kullanıcı kitlesine hizmet verir. Ancak, tam anlamıyla doğru ve dilbilgisine uygun çeviriler için profesyonel çeviri hizmetlerine başvurmak daha güvenilir olabilir. Bu siteler, hızlı ve pratik bir çözüm sunarken, özellikle hassas veya teknik metinlerin çevirisinde profesyonel bir çevirmenin becerileri ve deneyimi gerekebilir.
ingilizceturkce.gen.tr
Spanish to English translation involves accurately conveying not only the words but also the meaning, tone, and cultural nuances of the original text. Skilled translators proficient in both Spanish and English are essential to ensure accurate and effective translations. They must have a deep understanding of both languages' grammar, vocabulary, and idiomatic expressions to deliver high-quality translations. Spanish to English translation is widely used in various fields, including business, literature, media, and international communication. It plays a vital role in enabling cross-cultural understanding and facilitating global interactions.
spanishenglish.net
betoffice
zonacu.com
istanbul evden eve nakliyat
london escorts
bodrum istanbul evden eve nakliyat
evden eve nakliyat
şehirler arası nakliyat
buy twitter accounts