Molto Bene is a complete guide to learning Italian with interactive lessons based on real-life situations with fun quizzes, games and reference material.
What does "Molto bene" mean in Italian?
"Molto bene" means
very good
.
Popular Lessons
Lezioni più seguite
Greetings
Saluti
How Are You?
Come Stai?
Social Etiquette
L'etichetta Sociale
Meeting People
Conoscere Persone
Talking About Languages
Parlando di Lingue
Colors
Colori
Fruits and Vegetables
Frutta e Verdura
Food
Cibo
Popular Videos
Video Popolari
What are the different ways of saying “welcome” in Italian?
Introducción: Sheila Pistolesi
How do you order red wine in Italian?
What's the difference between "tu" and "Lei"?
Introduction: Ivana Djokic
Other Foreign-Language Education Apps
TresBienFrench.com
QueOndaSpanish.com
HowsItGoingEnglish.com
MoltoBeneItalian.com
WieGehtsGerman.com
TudoBemPortuguese.com
MaKoreHebrew.com
SalaamArabic.com
PrivyetRussian.com
HenHaoChinese.com
DaijoubuJapanese.com
AnnyeongKorean.com
ZeerGoedDutch.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://pollylingu.al/it/en/privacy-apps/:
Messages
Settings
Italian
Lessons
Video Tutors
Schools
Help
Italian Verb Conjugation Trainer
Privacy Policy
Politica sulla privacy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register with our app or place an order.
When ordering or registering in our app, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, use our app anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website and app
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send notifications and emails about your app activity
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our app, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our app policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on: February 2, 2021
Owner and Data Controller
PO Box 90172
Indianapolis, IN 46290
Owner contact email: support@pollylingu.al
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may
contact us
.
Change language
French
Spanish
English
Italian
German
Portuguese