Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The CodeREADr Website, CodeREADr Web Services, and CodeREADr Barcode Scanner Mobile Application are products and services of CodeREADr Inc. We respect and protect your privacy and sensitive information. We will not share, sell, or give away your information or your user’s information to third parties not authorized by you.
Registration
In order to use CodeREADr Website and Web Services, you must first complete the online registration form and create a username and password. During registration, you are required to give contact information such as your name and email address. We use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
We also collect personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our CodeREADr Web Service. We do not sell individual information about our visitors. We will not disclose the individual information provided to us online unless you specifically authorize it, it is required by law, or disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of customers, employees or property.
Payment Information
If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our online order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email and billing address) and financial information (such as credit card information).
We use a third-party payment processor for all credit card transactions, including charges and refunds. We do not store any credit card information other than encrypted reference data, specifically the last four digits of the credit card number and its expiration date. We store this reference data so you can recognize the card you have on file. We will remove reference data promptly on request.
Communications from this Site
Email: We do not send unsolicited email. We may use email to communicate with our customers, to respond to visitors’ emails, to confirm orders placed online, and to send information that a visitor has requested.
Service-Related Announcements: We will send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
Legal Disclaimer: We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
Choice/Opt-Out
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by electing to ‘unsubscribe’.
Log Files
We automatically gather usage and interaction information for the API, the Web Services, and the Application, and store it in log files and our database. This information may include customer identification and communication information, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, clickstream data, communications to and from our Products and any user actions. We use this information to track usage, analyze trends, to administer the site and support our customers.
Device ID
When the CodeREADr Web Service is used together with the CodeREADr Barcode Scanner Mobile Application, the device ID of Authorized Users is passed from the application to our servers to facilitate service functionality and track usage for billing purposes. The device ID does not include personally identifiable information and is treated as the Confidential Information of Registered Users.
Cookies
CodeREADr Web Services also uses “cookies” which are small text files that are stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. When you use our site we send information, a cookie, to your computer and it is stored there. When you return to our site, your computer sends a cookie back to us to allow our server to recognize your computer and any settings you created on our site. The cookie restores those settings so you do not have to enter the same information every time you visit. The fact that our server recognizes your computer when it retrieves cookies does not mean that we are actually acquiring information about you.  For details on the cookies we use please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Links to Other Sites
This website may contain links to other sites that are not owned by us. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by the CodeREADr Web Service.
Third-Party Service Integration
We allow you to integrate our Web Services with third-party cloud services (e.g. Dropbox, QuickBase, etc.) for specified tasks and we allow you upload files via FTP/SFTP to your own or third-party servers. To enable that you need to provide your access credentials. Those credentials are encrypted on our server.  They are only used for the specified task(s) you enable and they can be edited and/or removed at any time.
Changing Personal Information
You may access, correct, update, change, delete or deactivate the information you have provided to us by making the appropriate changes on the Account page. Data Subjects (or any other person whose personal data we Process) can request access or removal of their personal data from their data Controller. For most Data Subjects, we are just the data Processor. Any person wishing exercise their rights under the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation can do so by filling out this
request form.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information, such as credit card information, on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secret socket layer technology (SSL/TLS). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We will post any material changes to this privacy statement here and any other places we deem appropriate at least 30 days before such changes become effective. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
Contact Us
If you have any questions concerning our privacy policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@codereadr.com
. If necessary you may call us at +1.617.279.0040 or send a letter to CodeREADr Inc., Attn. CodeREADr DPO, 397 Moody St STE 202 Waltham MA 02453 USA.