This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Got it!
Privacy Policy for the myTracks apps (iOS, iPadOS, watchOS and macOS)
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and
disclosure of data when you use our apps. By using the apps, you agree
to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes
to provide and improve our apps.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
Your personal data (GPS tracks, photos, waypoints, etc.) that you manage
using our apps is only stored on your local device (iPhone, iPad, Mac).
myTracks will never transmit any personal data to our servers.
iCloud
If you opt-in to use the iCloud synchronisation service within our apps
your personal data will be transmitted to Apple's iCloud Drive servers.
Please consult the Privacy Policy of Apple iCloud Drive for more
details.
Usage Data
Access to the pixel-based OpenStreetMap maps
We operate servers that provide the map data for the OpenStreetMap based
maps. No personal data is transmitted to these servers. The servers only
log your device's Internet Protocol address, the application name and
version, the operating system's name and version and the time and date
of the request.
Access to the vector-based OpenStreetMap maps
The vector-based OpenStreetMap maps are provided by
Skobbler
and their servers. No personal data
is transmitted to these servers. The servers only log your device's
Internet Protocol address, the application name and version, the
operating system's name and version and the time and date of the
request. Please consult the Privacy Policy of Skobbler for more details.
Access to Apple Maps
The Apple maps are provided by
Apple
and their
servers. No personal data is transmitted to these servers. The servers
only log your device's Internet Protocol address, the application name
and version, the operating system's name and version and the time and
date of the request. Please consult the Privacy Policy of Apple Maps for
more details.
Use of Data
myTracks uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the apps
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve
the apps
To monitor the usage of the apps
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
The collected data may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers
located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental
jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from
your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Germany and choose to provide information to
us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to
Germany and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such
information represents your agreement to that transfer.
myTracks will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your
data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and
no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or
a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the
security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
myTracks may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that
such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of myTracks
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the
Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable
means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our
Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to
perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our
Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform
these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it
for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by
us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that
third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy
of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you
of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service,
prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date"
at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any
changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are
posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: mail@mytracks.support