skip to main
|
skip to sidebar
Pages
Home
Big Button Box Support
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 2016
Shaved Labs Ltd Privacy Policy
Shaved Labs Ltd
, including its affiliates
(“Shaved Labs”)
, collects, stores, and uses your personal information as a data controller in connection with and in order to provide and develop Shaved Labs’ products, mobile applications, services and websites (together “Products & Services”) according to this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all people who interface with our Products & Services. Being a New Zealand company, Shaved Labs complies with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 1993 (“Privacy Act”) and follows the privacy principles that are a part of the Privacy Act. Additionally, Shaved Labs seeks to comply with acts from the United States of America, which are: COPPA, the United State’s Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, and CAN-SPAM, which covers the transmission of commercial email messages with the primary purpose of advertising or promoting a product. For European residents, we also seek to follow the E.U. Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC).
1. Your Acceptance
All Shaved Labs Products & Services are governed by this Privacy Policy and by using or accessing any one of our Products & Services You give your consent to your data being processed, used and disclosed. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not install or use the Products & Services.
Shaved Labs reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our Products & Services will signify your acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy.
2. How Shaved Labs Collects Your Data
Expected situations when you make personal data available to Shaved Labs includes, but is not limited to: (A) by using Shaved Labs’ mobile apps or visiting our websites, (B) registration for our Products & Services or special events and/or contests; (C) accessing our Products & Services using a third party identification (e.g. with social networking sites or gaming services); (D) purchasing a product or services through Shaved Labs’ or Apple Inc’s online stores or within the app (or "in-app purchase"); (E) asking for support for Products & Services; (G) using features in our Products & Services to share information with other people ; and (H) otherwise through use of Shaved Labs’ Products & Services where personal data is needed for the use and/or participation of the Products & Services.
Additionally Shaved Labs may use data received from third parties related to demographic, advertisement, market and other analytics services or surveys. A list of third party operators is below.
3. Advertising Serving
Shaved Labs reserves the right to use and disclose the non-personal data collected for the function of advertising by Shaved Labs or Shaved Labs’ partners and contractors.
Shaved Labs may use third party advertising serving technologies that use certain processes to collect information as a result of advertising that our
Products & Services serve
.
Shaved Labs or third parties serving the advertising may use demographic and geo-location information (see Section 4 for more information of use of location data) as well as information logged from your device or hardware (e.g. iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad or computer) to make sure that advertising shown within our
Products & Services is relevant
. For such purposes, Shaved Labs or third parties may collect and use data, including but not limited to, hardware/device type, Device ID, IP address, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, Operating System information, browser information, Internet and on-line usage information and in-game information, unique identifiers in browser cookies, Flash cookies, and HTML5 local storage.
The aforementioned data may be used and disclosed according to this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the advertising serving technology. The aforementioned data may be
transferred, stored, and used in the United States and other countries where Shaved Labs or third party advertising providers (and their service providers and customers) operate.
Shaved Labs may display advertising to you that is behaviourally targeted using our Products & Services. If you would like to "opt out" of certain targeted advertising, please visit
http://www.youradchoices.com
and/or
www.networkadvertising.org
. These links may not reach all Shaved Labs’ advertising partners and it is possible that you will still be displayed behaviourally targeted advertising. Please do not use or access the
Products & Services
if you wish to be sure that  you are not displayed behaviourally targeted advertisements.
4. Location Data
To the extent you use Shaved Labs’ Products & Services that are location enabled, we may obtain, collect and use your location data to provide location related Products & Services and advertisements. E.g. some add-ons or offers may use such data so that it they are made available at specific locations.
Shaved Labs may use (A) rough, network-based geo-location data (based on WIFI network proximity/loaction and/or network tower proximity), (B) precise geo-location data (based GPS radio coordinated retrieved from your device/hardware), (C) your IP address to determine their location or (D) the regional settings that you have set on your device/hardware.
Your GPS-based geo-location will not be accessed without your consent. Notwithstanding Shaved Labs’s partners who are furnishing location related parts of any of the Products & Services,your GPS geo-location will not be shared with third parties without your consent. If your GPS geo-location is provided by Shaved Labs to third parties, it will be done so anonymously.
5. Information Analytics
Shaved Labs uses your information to both undertake its own analytics and to also allow analytics to be undertaken and provided by third parties. We then use this analytical information to support our business operations and intelligence, develop and improve products and services, individualise content, provide advertising, and make recommendations and/or suggestions. Shaved Labs may also use third-parties, such as a Google Analytics to develop, analyse and support our Services. For more information about Google Analytics and its services please see https://www.google.com/analytics
6. Social Networking Sites
Some Products & Services may be able to connect to social networking sites (for example, Facebook) to retrieve information about you. When this occurs, Shaved Labs may collect information from your social networking profile when you consent allow your social networking site to provide that information to Shaved Labs. This information includes, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, list of friends (and their name and profile pictures). Shaved Labs may combine and use such information collected by us through such social networking sites.
7. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data to Third Parties
Shaved Labs may disclose and transfer personal data to third parties in accordance with  with this Privacy Policy and applicable legislation.
Third parties may be used to collect and process personal data on behalf of Shaved Labs and in accordance to Shaved Labs’ instructions. Your information
may be
transferred, stored, and used in the United States and other countries where Shaved Labs or third party advertising providers (and their service providers and customers) operate. Shaved Labs is not liable for any acts and breaches of these third parties (except as provided by mandatory law).
Shaved Labs may also disclose and transfer your personal data to third parties if and when Shaved Labs has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Shaved Labs’ property, users, rights, operations or any others who may suffer loss or damage or may be harmed, or Shaved Labs believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Shaved Labs’ rights, fight fraud, or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Shaved Labs. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Shaved Labs will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through Shaved Labs’ website or in another reasonable manner.
8. Data Retention
Shaved Labs retains collected data for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is permitted or required by law. Thereafter Shaved Labs deletes all aforementioned data in its possession within a reasonable timeframe.
Correctness of any personal data is not verified by Shaved Labs.
Some data may be retained longer if it is needed to resolve disputes, enforce Shaved Labs user agreements, and/or abide by legal and technical requirements and constraints that are related to the security, integrity and operation of the Products & Services.
9. Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that Shaved Labs or third parties (such as advertisers, analytics companies or social networks) may transfer to your computer/device, to identify the computer/device you are using and to “remember” things about your visit, such as your preferences or a username and password. Information enclosed in a cookie may be linked to your personal data for such purposes as improving the quality of our Products & Services, personalising recommendations to your interests, and making our Products & Services easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although by doing so, you may not be able to access or use all of the features of the Products & Services.
Shaved Labs’ Products & Services may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your computer/device so that the content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked. As the third party companies may associate your computer/device with a number, they may be able to identify and recognise your computer/device whenever they send you an advertisement or collect information for analytics. These third parties may use information about your use of Shaved Labs’ Products & Services and third party sites and applications so that they can measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements of interest to you as well as conduct other analytics. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection practices of these third parties, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies and other tracking technology.
Emails and other electronic communications sent to you by Shaved Labs may contain technology (such as tags) that enable Shaved Labs to track your usage of the communication, including but not limited to if the communication was opened and which links were clicked.
10. Third Party Terms and Conditions
Note that your access to and use of Shaved Labs’ Products and Services may be subject to third party terms and conditions and Shaved Labs is not liable for the use of your personal data by any such third party.
Some Product & Services may offer services, such as social networking and multiplayer gaming, that may use third party services to provide authentication for the Product & Services using social networking ID or  gaming network account. In association with such use, personal information and/or membership data  may be automatically transferred to Shaved Labs.
Your personal data may be disclosed by Shaved Labs to third parties in connection with any corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Shaved Labs’ stock and/or assets or other corporate change and with any during any due diligence process provided. This Privacy Policy shall continue to cover such personal data during such an event.
11. Information security
Shaved Labs values the security, integrity and confidentiality of your information. We have implemented measures that are designed to protect user information from unauthorised access, disclosure or use. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
12. Other
You may decide to disclose information / data about yourself while contributing user generated content to Shaved Labs’ Products & Services There is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality with respect to any information / data that you choose to disclose in any of our websites, blogs, forums, chats or similar will become public information.
Shaved Labs may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of New Zealand, EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy and mandatory legislation.
13. Special Note about Children’s Privacy
Shaved Labs does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years old. If Shaved Labs discovers that it has unintentionally collected personal data from children under 13 years old, reasonable measures will be taken by Shaved labs to erase such personal data it’s records.
For questions about Shaved Labs’ privacy practices related to children under 13 years old  please contact us at shavedlabs+privacy [at] gmail.com
14. Third Party Operators
Admob - http://www.google.com/ads/admob/
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
iAd - http://advertising.apple.com/ (Go to your Settings tab on you iOS device if you want to opt out.)
Mopub - http://www.mopub.com/
15. Contacting Us
For enquiries regarding this Privacy Policy and personal information, please contact: shavedlabs+privacy [at] gmail.com
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Blog Archive
▼
2010
(3)
▼
January
(3)
LED Photo Released On App Store
Glow Stick Free Enters Argentina Top 10
Swine Flu Scanner Hits UK Medical #1 Spot
►
2009
(10)
►
December
(2)
►
November
(2)
►
October
(1)
►
September
(1)
►
June
(2)
►
May
(2)
About Me
Ham
View my complete profile
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it