Grace App for Autism on iPhone, iPad and iTouch
Home
What is Grace App?
Guide to Grace App
Media & Press
Book Lisa
Blog
Popular Blog Posts
Recognise this: The “non-verbal” are already communicating!
7,029 views
How to Use Grace App – A Beginners Guide
6,435 views
Review of Visual Schedule App by Good Karma
1,612 views
Look At That, It’s Update Time
1,609 views
What Do You Mean Non-Verbal? We Are Already Communicating!
1,568 views
Speech vs Communicating
1,114 views
Grace App on for Accessibility: now with “Tap to Speak” option on Apple’s App Store
1,020 views
Grace App ya está disponible en español
854 views
Grace App for Autism: How an app can change lives
806 views
Creating “Menu” pages for the visually distracted
707 views
Home
/
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form such as the contact form.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 29th August 2011
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using
our contact form
.
Phone: +353 860486249   /   E-mail: lisa@graceapp.com
© 2025 Lisa Domican.  All Rights Reserved.
Web Site Design
By RedFly
Privacy Statement
|
Sitemap
Twitter
Facebook