Privacy Policy
This is a general privacy policy for our applications.
We do not collect personally identifiable information.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
We do not store or share your precise location.
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
We don’t share your personal information with marketers.
We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies for marketing purposes.
No ad companies collect data through our paid applications.
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our application for ad targeting.
Ad companies collect data through our free applications.
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity.
No in-app purchases in our paid applications
There are no in-app purchases in our paid applications.
In-app purchases in our free applications
There are in-app purchases in some of our free applications.
Push notifications
We don’t use push notifications in our apps
Internet connection
Some of our applications require an internet connection to work.
You can ask privacy questions.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us:
info@internetdesigns.eu
You can review more privacy-related information.
This privacy policy was last updated on [12.07.2014]. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place them on our website or application.