Données personnelles et cookies
En vigueur au 1er avril 2021
1. Introduction
Dans le cadre de son activité commerciale d’éditeur de presse sur supports papier ou numériques, et ses
        activités commerciales dérivées, L’OBS est amené à traiter des informations vous concernant. Par exemple,
        en remplissant un formulaire d’abonnement, en faisant un achat sur notre boutique en ligne, en contactant
        notre Service Clients, en vous inscrivant à un évènement que nous organisons, en participant à un jeu
        concours, en naviguant sur nos sites Internet ou nos applications digitales, en cliquant sur un lien
        publicitaire que nous vous présentons, vous nous transmettez des informations dont certaines sont de
        nature à vous identifier (« Données Personnelles »).
La présente Politique de confidentialité vous informe de la manière dont nous recueillons et traitons vos
        données personnelles. Nous vous invitons à la lire attentivement.
IMPORTANT
Nous n’utilisons vos données personnelles que dans les cas prévus par la réglementation en vigueur :
L’exécution d’un contrat que nous avons conclu avec vous, et/ou
Le respect d’une obligation légale, et/ou
Votre consentement à l’utilisation de vos données, et/ou
L’existence d’un intérêt légitime à utiliser vos données. L’intérêt légitime est un ensemble de
          raisons commerciales ou d’affaires qui justifie l’utilisation de vos données par L’OBS.
Pour L’OBS, cet intérêt légitime est principalement, dans un contexte de mutation de l’offre médiatique
        en France et dans le monde, de pérenniser le niveau de revenus commerciaux nécessaires pour conserver
        son indépendance en tant qu’organe de presse, pour financer la production de contenus éditoriaux de
        qualité proposés à ses lecteurs, pour maintenir la gratuité de certains contenus sur ses sites et
        applications ou l’existence d’offres d’abonnement à tarif privilégié pour certaines catégories d’abonnés
        (étudiants, bibliothèques scolaires, etc.).
Nous pensons que cet intérêt légitime, de nature commerciale, s’inscrit dans un cadre plus vaste de
        maintien d’une presse libre et indépendante, vecteur indispensable à la liberté d’expression et à la
        liberté d’opinion d’une société démocratique.
En acceptant de recevoir des informations marketing et publicitaires de la part de nos publications et
        de nos partenaires, vous contribuez à maintenir la viabilité économique de notre activité d’éditeur de
        presse.
En tout état de cause, vos droits individuels primeront toujours sur notre intérêt légitime, et nous
        n'utilisons jamais vos données à des fins commerciales contre votre volonté.
Pour toute question relative à ce document, vous pouvez contacter le
Délégué à la Protection des Données de L’OBS
2. Qui est le responsable des traitements mentionnés dans le présent document ?
Le Responsable des traitements mentionnés par le présent document est la Société LE NOUVEL OBSERVATEUR DU
        MONDE, Société Anonyme au capital de 13.450.000 €, immatriculée au Registre du Commerce et des Société de
        Paris sous le numéro B 652 015 942, dont le siège social est 67/69 avenue Pierre Mendès-France – 75013
        Paris, et dont Mr Sandro Martin, Directeur de la Publication, est le représentant légal.
Le Délégué à la Protection des Données du Groupe L’OBS est Mme Juliette Boukobza.
3. Quelles sont les données que nous recueillons sur vous et dans quelles circonstances les collectons-nous ?
3.1 Les données que vous nous transmettez directement
A l’occasion des différents contacts que nous avons avec vous, vous pouvez être amené à nous
        communiquer des informations qui vous concernent. Elles sont collectées notamment lors de la
        souscription d’un abonnement, de la création d’un compte sur nos sites et applications, d’une commande
        sur nos boutique en ligne, ou pour accéder à tout autre offre ou service.
Ces données sont notamment :
Nom, prénoms, civilité, date de naissance,
Adresse postale, adresse e-mail, numéro de téléphone,
Informations nécessaires à la livraison ou au portage d’un produit commandé,
Identifiant et mot de passe crypté utilisés pour vous identifier sur nos sites ou nos applications,
Informations cryptées relatives à vos moyens de paiement (notamment numéro de carte bancaire),
Choix en matière de prospection commerciale,
Toute autre information que vous souhaitez porter à notre connaissance.
3.2 Les données que nous recueillons à l’occasion de notre relation commerciale
Les données que nous recueillons à l’occasion de notre relation commerciale avec vous sont notamment
        les suivantes :
Informations relatives à l’historique de votre relation commerciale avec L’OBS : abonnements souscrits, commandes de produits et services, le cas échéant facturation et paiement,
Votre participation à des offres promotionnelles, à des jeux concours ou à des évènements,
Les demandes que vous avez faites auprès de notre service clients ou les incidents que vous nous avez signalés, par exemple concernant la livraison de nos produits ou l’exécution de nos services,
Les informations concernant les achats de produits et services que vous avez effectués auprès de nos partenaires.
3.3 Les données que nous recueillons automatiquement
Lors de chacune de vos visites sur nos sites et applications, nous recueillons des informations
        relatives à votre connexion et votre navigation. Différentes technologies peuvent être mises en œuvre
        pour recueillir ces données. Nous les désignons de façon générique « cookie ».
Données recueillies par l’intermédiaire de cookies
Un cookie est un fichier texte déposé lors de la consultation d'un site, d'une application ou
        d'une publicité en ligne et stocké dans un espace dédié du disque dur de votre ordinateur ou votre
        appareil mobile. Les cookies sont gérés par votre navigateur internet et seul l’émetteur d’un
        cookie peut décider de la lecture ou de la modification des informations qui y sont contenues.
Un cookie a une durée de validité limitée. Son dépôt et son stockage sur votre terminal se font
        dans le respect de la législation applicable et sous réserve des choix que vous avez exprimés et
        que vous pouvez modifier à tout moment, dans les conditions précisées à l’article 9 ci-après.
Un cookie ne vous identifie pas personnellement. Il permet à son émetteur de reconnaître votre
        terminal et de collecter un certain nombre d’informations relatives à la navigation effectuée
        depuis ce terminal.
Les cookies ont plusieurs fonctions, telles que vous permettre de naviguer efficacement sur un
        site ou une application, se souvenir de vos choix, des biens et services que vous souhaitez
        acheter, vous proposer des contenus publicitaires pertinents en fonction de vos centres d’intérêts
        exprimés lors de votre navigation. Vous trouverez de plus amples informations sur les cookies sur
        les sites suivants :
www.cnil.fr
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.aboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
Les cookies déposés par L’OBS sous réserve de vos choix nous donnent accès notamment aux informations suivantes :
Identifiants de l’équipement que vous utilisez (adresse IP de votre ordinateur, identifiant
          Android, identifiant Apple, etc.),
Type de système d’exploitation utilisé par votre terminal (Microsoft Windows, Apple Os, Linux,
          Unix, BeOS, etc.),
Type et version du logiciel de navigation utilisé par votre terminal (Microsoft Internet
          Explorer, Apple Safari, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, etc.),
Dates et heures de connexion à nos services,
Adresse de la page Internet de provenance (« referer »),
Données de navigation sur nos services, contenus visionnés.
Données recueillies par des technologies standard d’Internet
Nous sommes également susceptibles d’utiliser des technologies standard d’Internet, tels que des
        scripts, des pixels et des redirections... Les scripts (parfois appelés Tags), écrits en langage
        javascript, sont des programmes qui s'exécutent dans votre navigateur et effectuent différentes
        actions, par exemple envoyer une information à nos serveurs. Les scripts sont également capables
        de créer des pixels. Les pixels (parfois appelées GIFs transparents, GIFs clairs ou web-bugs) sont
        des lignes de code qui permettent d’afficher une image graphique (généralement invisible) sur une
        page web ou dans un email. Les redirections permettent de rendre une page web disponible sous
        plusieures adresses de page (URL). Lorsqu’un navigateur ouvre une URL de redirection, une page
        avec une URL différente est ouverte.
Le but de ces technologies est d'améliorer votre expérience sur nos sites et applications, y
        compris pour vous fournir un contenu personnalisé selon vos centres d’intérêts. Par exemple,
        lorsqu’un utilisateur clique sur un bouton de partage d’un article, un script créé un pixel qui
        permet de comptabiliser le partage. Ainsi, nous sommes en mesure de connaître le nombre de partage
        total d’un article, et nous pouvons établir le classement des articles les plus partagés.
Ces technologies nous donnent accès notamment aux informations suivantes :
Identifiants de l’équipement que vous utilisez (adresse IP de votre ordinateur, identifiant
          Android, identifiant Apple, etc.),
Type de système d’exploitation utilisé par votre terminal (Microsoft Windows, Apple Os, Linux,
          Unix, BeOS, etc.),
Type et version du logiciel de navigation utilisé par votre terminal (Microsoft Internet
          Explorer, Apple Safari, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, etc.),
Dates et heures de connexion à nos services,
Adresse de la page Internet de provenance (« referer »),
Données de navigation sur nos services, contenus visionnés.
Nos sites et applications peuvent également inclure des scripts, des pixels et des redirections
        de tiers. Ces technologies permettent aux fournisseurs de services tiers de collecter certaines
        informations telles que votre type de navigateur, et la page web qui vous a redirigé vers sur nos
        Sites Internet. Ces fournisseurs de services tiers traitent les informations qu’ils collectent
        dans un but d’audit, de recherche, et pour déclarer l'information sur nos sites et applications et
        sur les publicités regardées sur nos sites et applications. Nous ne partageons pas vos données
        d’identification avec ces tiers dans le cadre de leur usage de ces technologies.
Données fournies par les appareils mobiles
Certains appareils mobiles, en fonction des fonctionnalités que vous avez activées (par exemple:
        “Push” ou “Géolocalisation”) lors du téléchargement d’une de nos applications, envoient des
        informations, notamment : modèle de votre téléphone, version de son système d’exploitation,
        type de connectivité, nom et version de l’application utilisée.
Ces données, nécessaires au bon fonctionnement des applications mobiles que nous éditons sont
        traitées automatiquement par nos serveurs et ceux de certains de nos partenaires (notamment AT
        Internet, SmartAdServer, HockeyApp) pour pouvoir vous fournir un service et des
        publicités adaptés aux caractéristiques techniques de votre appareil et mesurer l’audience de
        notre application.
Par ailleurs, si vous avez accepté cette fonctionnalité lors du téléchargement de nos
        applications, nous sommes en mesure d’identifier l’emplacement physique de votre appareil
        (géolocalisation), notamment pour vous informer sur des contenus ou des offres que nous pensons en
        adéquation avec vos attentes ou vos centres d’intérêts ou pour améliorer votre expérience sur nos
        applications mobiles. Conformément à la loi applicable, les fonctions de géolocalisation peuvent
        être désactivées à tout moment dans les paramètres systèmes de votre appareil.
3.4 Les données que nous supposons
Nous sommes susceptibles d’établir, en rapprochant des données dont nous disposons vous concernant
        d’informations statistiques générales et anonymes, des suppositions sur les contenus et services
        susceptibles de répondre à vos goûts ou à vos usages.
Exemple : Si, d’après des données statistiques, une majorité de personnes âgées de 30 à 50 ans,
        vivant à Paris et s’intéressant à l’actualité littéraire s’intéressent également aux séries
        télévisées, et que vous êtes un de nos abonnés parisiens, âgé de 42 ans et que vous consultez
        régulièrement sur notre site des articles en lien avec l’actualité littéraire, nous allons supposer
        que vous vous intéressez aussi aux séries télévisées et nous serons susceptibles de vous montrer lors
        de la navigation sur notre site une publicité pour un service de vidéo à la demande par abonnement
        spécialisé dans les séries.
3.5 Données relatives aux mineurs
En principe, nos produits et services s’adressent à des personnes majeures capables de souscrire des
        obligations contractuelles.
L'utilisateur mineur doit obtenir le consentement de son responsable légal préalablement à la
        communication de données personnelles le concernant.
Pour l’inscription à nos sites et à certains de nos services en lignes (newsletter par exemple),
        l’âge de 16 ans est accepté.
Un internaute âgé de moins de 18 ans au moment de la publication ou de la création d’un compte en
        ligne bénéficie d’un droit spécifique à l’effacement des données le concernant. Pour toute
        information, merci de contacter notre
Délégué à la Protection des Données de L’OBS
.
3.6 Exclusion de toute donnée sensible
L’OBS ne collecte aucune donnée sensible vous concernant. Sont considérées comme des données
        sensibles : l'origine raciale ou ethnique, les opinions politiques, les croyances religieuses ou
        philosophiques, l'adhésion à un syndicat, les données relatives à la santé ou l'orientation sexuelle.
        Si de telles informations nous étaient d'une manière ou d'une autre communiquées, elles seront
        supprimées.
4. Pour quelles finalités utilisons-nous vos données ?
Le présent article vous indique les principales finalités pour lesquelles nous utilisons les données
        mentionnées à l’article 3.
4.1 Opérations nécessaires à la fourniture de produits ou services
Prise en compte de votre souscription à un contrat d’abonnement à nos publications et exécution de ce contrat,
Prise en compte de votre commande de produits ou services et exécution de cette commande,
Gestion des abonnements à nos newsletters et/ou alertes emails,
Facturation ; perception des paiements,
Gestion des livraisons et suivi de commandes,
Relation Clients : mise à disposition d’un Service Clients accessible par courrier, téléphone, email ou par messagerie instantanée de type chat, pour toute question ou réclamation,
Réalisation d’enquêtes de satisfaction,
Envoi d’informations sur la modification ou l’évolution de nos services,
Gestion des impayés et des contentieux,
Gestion de l’exercice de vos droits sur vos données personnelles, dans les conditions prévues à l’article 9,
Vérification du respect de la législation applicable, de nos contrats et conditions générales d’utilisation.
4.2 Opérations de marketing et de prospection commerciale relatives aux publications, produits et services de L’OBS
Mise aux normes postales, mise à jour, enrichissement et déduplication de vos informations
          personnelles dans une base de données dédiée de L’OBS.
Envoi d’informations sur notre groupe de presse, ses publications et son activité.
Envoi d’offres marketing, publicitaires et promotionnelles relatives à nos produits et services
          par courrier postal, asilage, email, notifications mobiles, sur les réseaux sociaux ou tout autre
          support.
Actions de fidélisation ou de prospection commerciales personnalisées.
Mise en place de jeux concours ou autres opérations promotionnelles.
Recueil des avis clients.
Elaboration de statistiques commerciales.
4.3 Opérations liées à des partenariats commerciaux
Partage, échange ou location de fichiers avec des partenaires commerciaux dans le respect de la réglementation en vigueur et des exigences de sécurité,
Envoi de messages marketing, publicitaires et promotionnels relatifs aux produits et services de partenaires par courrier postal, asilage, email, notifications mobiles, sur les réseaux sociaux ou tout autre support,
Mise en place de jeux concours ou autres opérations promotionnelles avec des partenaires commerciaux.
4.4 Finalités associées au dépôt de cookies sur votre navigateur
Fonctionnement et optimisation de la navigation et de l'utilisation des services de nos sites et applications
Adaptation de la présentation de nos sites et applications aux préférences d’affichage de
          votre terminal (langue utilisée, résolution d’affichage, système d’exploitation, etc.) lors de
          vos visites, selon les matériels et les logiciels de visualisation ou de lecture que votre
          terminal comporte,
Mémorisation des informations relatives à un formulaire que vous avez rempli sur notre site
          (inscription ou accès à votre compte) ou à des produits, services ou informations que vous avez
          choisis sur notre site (service souscrit, contenu consulté, achat effectué, etc...),
Connexion automatique aux espaces réservés ou personnels de notre site, tels que votre compte,
          grâce à des identifiants ou des données que vous nous avez antérieurement confiées,
Mise à disposition d’outils de partage sur les réseaux sociaux,
Gestion de nos plateformes et réalisation d’opérations techniques internes dans le cadre de
          résolution de problèmes, analyse de données, tests, recherches, analyses, études et sondages,
Mise en œuvre de mesures de sécurité et de lutte contre la fraude,
Mesures de qualité pour nous assurer que l’affichage de nos contenus est adapté à votre
          appareil,
Accès à des contenus audiovisuels et interactifs.
Mesure de fréquentation et d’audience
Etablissement de statistiques et volumes de fréquentation et d’utilisation des divers éléments
          composant notre site (rubriques et contenus visités, parcours) afin d’améliorer l’intérêt et
          l’ergonomie de nos services,
Comptabilisation du nombre total de publicités affichées par nos soins sur nos espaces
          publicitaires, classement et statistiques,
Analyse des audiences en fonction des résultats des campagnes publicitaires,
Détermination de centre d’intérêt et des comportements,
Amélioration de la connaissance clients/utilisateurs à des fins de personnalisation.
Personnalisation des publicités présentes sur nos sites et applications
Adapter les espaces publicitaires aux préférences d’affichage de votre terminal
          (identification des publicités, établissement de statistiques et volumes de fréquentation et
          d’utilisation des divers éléments composant notre site : rubriques et contenus visités,
          parcours) afin d’améliorer l’intérêt et l’ergonomie de nos services,
Adapter les publicités affichées sur votre terminal lors de votre navigation sur nos sites et
          applications aux caractéristiques techniques de celui-ci (1), à votre navigation sur le web et
          aux cookies que vous avez antérieurement acceptés (2), à vos centres d’intérêt et usages (3),
          aux données que vous nous avez antérieurement communiquées (4), le cas échéant, aux données de
          localisation géographique de votre terminal (5),
Vous reconnaître pour afficher des publicités personnalisées sur notre site, sur les sites
          tiers et sur les réseaux sociaux,
Mesurer l’efficacité de nos campagnes publicitaires et propositions de services.
5. Pendant combien de temps conservons-nous vos données ?
Vos données personnelles sont conservées pendant une durée conforme aux dispositions légales ou
        proportionnelle aux finalités pour lesquelles elles ont été enregistrées. Certaines durées de conservation
        répondent à l’intérêt légitime de L’OBS tel que spécifié en Introduction.
Les durées de conservation varient selon que nous avons une relation de nature contractuelle en cours
        (vous êtes un client actif), que nous avons eu avec vous par le passé une relation contractuelle (vous
        êtes un client inactif) ou que nous n’avons jamais eu avec vous de relation de ce type (vous êtes alors un
        prospect). Les données liées à votre navigation sur nos services en ligne collectées par les cookies que
        vous avez autorisés, ont une durée de conservation spécifique.
Le tableau ci-dessous mentionne les principales durées de conservation de vos données.
En tout état de cause, nous révisons régulièrement les informations que nous détenons. Lorsque leur
        conservation n’est plus justifiée par des exigences légales, commerciales ou liées à la gestion de votre
        compte client, ou si vous avez fait usage d’un droit de modification ou d’effacement, nous les
        supprimerons de façon sécurisée.
CATÉGORIES DE DONNÉES
FINALITÉS
DURÉES DE CONSERVATION
Données relatives à un prospect
Ensemble des données
Constitution et gestion d’un fichier de prospects
3 ans à compter de la collecte des données ou du dernier contact émanant du prospect
Données relatives à un client actif
Ensemble des données
Gestion du compte client
Pendant toute la durée de la relation contractuelle
Données relatives à un client inactif
Données relatives à l’exécution du contrat
Gestion du compte client, des commandes, des livraisons, de la facturation, des paiements
10 ans après la fin du contrat ou le dernier contact émanant du client inactif.
Données d’identification et de contact – Clients inactifs Presse quotidienne
Envoi d’informations sur l’évolution de notre publication et nos offres
5 ans après la fin du contrat ou le dernier contact émanant du client inactif.
Données d’identification et de contact- Client inactifs Presse Mgazines
Envoi d’informations sur l’évolution de nos publications et nos offres
5 ans après la fin du contrat ou le dernier contact émanant du client inactif (10 ans pour le nom,
              le prénom et l’adresse postale)
Données d’identification – Abonnés numériques
Envoi d’informations sur l’évolution de notre publication et nos offres
5 ans après la fin du contrat ou le dernier contact émanant du client inactif.
Données d’identification et de contact – Inscrits newsletters
Envoi d’informations sur l’évolution de nos publications et nos offres
3 ans à compter de la désinscription ou du dernier contact émanant du client
Données d’identification et de contact – Inscrits compte web
Envoi d’informations sur l’évolution de nos publications et nos offres
3 ans à compter de la désinscription ou du dernier contact émanant du client
Données d’identification et de contact – Acheteurs VPC
Envoi d’informations sur l’évolution de nos publications et nos offres
5 ans après la livraison du produit ou le dernier contact émanant du client inactif (10 ans pour le
              nom, le prénom et l’adresse postale)
Données générées par les Cookies
Données liées à votre navigation sur nos services en ligne
Fonctionnement et optimisation des services. Mesures de fréquentation. Personnalisation des contenus et publicités.
13 mois maximum
Données supposées
Données relatives à vos usages et vos centres d’intérêts supposés
Envoi d’informations et d’offres supposées correspondre à vos centres d’intérêts et vos usages
Mise à jour annuelle
6. Qui est susceptible d'avoir accès aux données que nous recueillons ?
6.1 Accès aux données au sein du Nouvel Obs
Sont susceptibles d’avoir accès à certaines de vos données :
Les collaborateurs des services
Abonnements, Relation Clients, Administratif, Comptabilité et Contrôle de Gestion, Informatique
            et Marketing & Commercial.
La société Régie Obs, régie publicitaire du Nouvel Obs.
L’accès à vos données se fait sur la base d’autorisations d’accès individuel et limité. Les
        personnels pouvant accéder aux données personnelles sont soumis à une obligation de confidentialité
        (via un engagement nominal et personnel de confidentialité)
6.2 Transmission de données
Sont susceptibles d’avoir accès à certaines de vos données :
Les sous-traitants : qui assurent des prestations pour notre compte, notamment :
Gestion de votre abonnement
Sécurisation des paiements en ligne et lutte contre la fraude
Portage des publications
Expédition des commandes
Gestion des appels téléphoniques, envoi de courriers postaux ou numériques
Personnalisation des contenus des sites et applications mobiles
Réalisation d’opérations de maintenance et de développements techniques
Recueil des avis clients
Fourniture de solutions analytiques ou de statistiques de mesure d’audience
L’accès de nos sous-traitants à vos données se fait sur la base de contrats signés faisant
            mention des obligations leur incombant en matière de protection de la sécurité et de la
            confidentialité des données.
Les plateformes de réseaux sociaux
L’utilisation des réseaux sociaux pour interagir avec nos sites et applications (notamment les
            boutons « partager » de Facebook, Twitter) est en effet susceptible d’entraîner des échanges de
            données entre L’OBS et ces réseaux sociaux. Par exemple, si vous êtes connecté au réseau social
            Facebook et que vous consultez une page du sitewww.nouvelobs.com , Facebook est susceptible de
            collecter cette information. De même, si vous consultez un article sur le site
www.nouvelobs.com
et que vous cliquez sur le bouton « Tweeter », Twitter collectera cette information. Nous vous
            invitons donc à consulter les politiques de gestion des données personnelles des différents
            réseaux sociaux pour avoir connaissance des collectes et traitements qu’ils effectuent sur vos
            données.
Nos partenaires commerciaux
qui font la promotion de produits ou services pour leur propre compte ou pour celui d’annonceurs
            publicitaires. Nous attirons votre attention sur le fait que si vous décidez de souscrire aux
            produits ou services de nos partenaires commerciaux et vous les laissez accéder à certaines de vos
            informations, notamment en vous connectant à leurs sites ou applications, leurs politiques de
            confidentialité et leurs dépôts de cookies vous sont opposables. Nous n’avons aucun contrôle sur
            la collecte ou le traitement de vos données mis en œuvre par nos partenaires commerciaux sur leur
            propre plateforme.
Les autorités de police, autorités judiciaires ou administratives
lorsque nous avons l’obligation légale de le faire ou afin de garantir les droits, les biens et la
            sécurité de L’OBS.
L’accès à vos données se fait sur la base d’autorisations d’accès individuel et limité. Les
            personnels pouvant accéder aux données personnelles sont soumis à une obligation de confidentialité
            (via un engagement nominal et personnel de confidentialité)
7. Vos données sont-elles transférées en dehors de l'Union européenne ?
Nous conservons vos données personnelles dans l’Union Européenne. Toutefois, il est possible de manière
        marginale que les données que nous recueillons lorsque vous utilisez nos plateformes ou dans le cadre de
        nos services soient transférées à des sous-traitants ou partenaires commerciaux situés dans d’autres pays,
        certains d’entre eux pouvant avoir une législation sur la protection des données personnelles moins
        protectrice que celle en vigueur dans le pays où vous résidez. En cas de transfert de ce type, nous nous
        assurons de ce que le traitement soit effectué conformément à la présente Politique de Confidentialité et
        qu’il soit encadré par les clauses contractuelles types de la Commission Européenne qui permettent de
        garantir un niveau de protection suffisant de la vie privée et des droits fondamentaux des personnes.
8. Comment vos données sont-elles protégées ?
En tant que Responsable de traitements, nous mettons en œuvre des mesures techniques et
        organisationnelles appropriées conformément aux dispositions légales applicables, pour protéger vos
        données personnelles contre l'altération, la perte accidentelle ou illicite, l'utilisation, la divulgation
        ou l'accès non autorisé, et notamment :
La nomination d’un Délégué à la Protection des données,
La constitution d’une cellule dédiée à la sécurité des systèmes d’information,
La sensibilisation aux exigences de confidentialité de nos collaborateurs amenés à accéder à vos données personnelles,
La sécurisation de l’accès à nos locaux et à nos plateformes informatiques,
La mise en œuvre d’une Politique générale de sécurité informatique de l’entreprise,
La sécurisation de l’accès, du partage et du transfert des données,
Le haut degré d’exigence en matière de protection des données lors de la sélection de nos sous-traitants et partenaires.
9. Quels sont vos droits ?
9.1 Vos droits en matière d’accès à vos données personnelles
Vous avez le droit d’accéder à vos données personnelles et de demander qu’elles soient rectifiées,
        complétées ou mises à jour. Vous pouvez également demander l’effacement de vos données ou vous opposer
        à leur traitement, à condition de justifier d’un motif légitime.
Vous pouvez demander à exercer votre droit à la portabilité de vos données, c’est-à-dire le droit de
        recevoir les données personnelles que vous nous avez fournies dans un format structuré, couramment
        utilisé et le droit de transmettre ces données à un autre responsable de traitements.
Vous pouvez enfin formuler des directives relatives à la conservation, à l’effacement et à la
        communication de vos données à caractère personnel après votre décès.
Vous pouvez exercer vos droits auprès de la déléguée à la protection des données personnelles de
        L’Obs à l’adresse suivante : 67-69 Avenue Pierre Mendès-France, 75013 PARIS Cedex 13 ou par
        ce
formulaire de contact
.
Avant de répondre à votre demande, nous sommes susceptibles de vérifier votre identité et/ou vous
        demander de nous fournir davantage d’informations pour répondre à votre demande. Nous nous efforcerons
        de donner suite à votre demande dans un délai raisonnable et, en tout état de cause, dans les délais
        fixés par la loi.
En cas de réponse insatisfaisante, vous pouvez introduire une réclamation auprès de la Commission
        nationale de l’informatique et des libertés (
CNIL
) :
https://www.cnil.fr/fr/plaintes
.
9.2 Vos droits en matière d’opposition aux sollicitations commerciales
Nous sommes susceptibles d’utiliser vos coordonnées dans le cadre de sollicitations commerciales, en
        conformité avec la loi applicable et les clauses de la présente politique de confidentialité. Vous
        pouvez à tout moment vous opposer à ces sollicitations, selon des modalités qui dépendent du canal de
        communication que nous utilisons pour vous les adresser.
Sollicitations commerciales par voie électronique (e-mail et SMS) :
Nous respectons les règles de l’article L.34-5 du code des postes et des communications électroniques
            qui prévoit le recueil préalable et exprès de votre consentement pour l’envoi de prospection
            commerciale par voie électronique (e-mail, push notifications ou SMS).
Ainsi, sur les formulaires que vous remplissez lorsque vous souscrivez l’un de nos produits ou
            services, lorsque vous créez un compte sur nos sites ou applications, ou à l’occasion de tout autre
            contact avec nous, il vous est expressément demandé votre consentement :
pour recevoir des offres de la part de L’Obs
pour recevoir des offres de la part des partenaires de L’Obs
Exception : votre consentement exprès et préalable n’est pas obligatoire lorsque vous êtes déjà
            client de L’Obs et que l’objet de notre sollicitation est de vous proposer des produits ou services
            analogues à ceux que nous vous fournissons déjà.
Dans tous les cas, vous avez toujours la possibilité de vous opposer à la réception de ces
            sollicitations en effectuant les actions suivantes :
Pour l’e-mail, en cliquant sur le lien de désabonnement prévu dans chaque e-mail, en vous rendant
              sur votre compte en ligne ou en contactant notre service clients.
Pour le sms, en envoyant un STOP SMS au numéro indiqué dans celui-ci ou en contactant notre
              service clients..
Sollicitations commerciales sur les applications mobiles
Lors de la première ouverture des applications mobiles de L’Obs sur votre smartphone ou tablette,
            vous pouvez donner l’autorisation à la réception de notifications mobiles ou « push ». Ces
            notifications nous permettent de vous communiquer des contenus éditoriaux (alerte info, contenu mis en
            avant par la rédaction), et peuvent, de temps à autre, être utilisés pour des offres commerciales.
            Vous pouvez à tout moment désactiver ces notifications dans les réglages de votre smartphone.
Sollicitations commerciales par téléphone
Nous sommes susceptibles de vous contacter par téléphone pour vous proposer des offres sur des
            produits ou services. Si vous ne souhaitez pas être sollicité, vous avez la possibilité de vous
            inscrire sur la liste d’opposition au démarchage téléphonique accessible sur le site
www.bloctel.gouv.fr
Le démarchage téléphonique, y compris auprès des personnes inscrites sur la liste d’opposition, est
            toutefois autorisé par la loi lorsqu’il a pour objet la fourniture de journaux, périodiques ou
            magazines.
Sollicitations par tout autre moyen
Nous vous invitons à contacter notre service clients pour lui signaler que vous ne souhaitez pas
            faire l’objet de ces sollicitations.
9.3. Vos droits en matière d’acceptation et de gestion des cookies
Sauf dans l’hypothèse d’une exemption spécifique, l’enregistrement d’un cookie sur votre terminal de
        navigation est subordonné à votre volonté. Vous pouvez à tout moment modifier vos choix en matière
        d’acceptation ou de refus des cookies déposés sur votre terminal, soit sur votre navigateur, soit par
        l’intermédiaire de l’outil de paramétrage que nous mettons à votre disposition sur nos sites et
        applications, soit en ligne auprès de différents opérateurs.
Afin de gérer les cookies au plus près de vos souhaits, nous vous invitons à paramétrer votre
        navigateur en tenant compte de la finalité des cookies.
Liens vers d’autres sites Web
Notre Service peut contenir des liens vers des sites web ou des services tiers qui ne sont pas
        détenus ou contrôlés par le Nouvel Obs. Le Nouvel Obs n’assume aucune responsabilité pour le contenu, les politiques
        de confidentialité ou les pratiques de tout site web ou service tiers. Nous ne garantissons pas les
        offres de ces entités/individus ou de leurs sites web.
NOUS VOUS CONSEILLONS VIVEMENT DE LIRE LES CONDITIONS DE SERVICE ET LES POLITIQUES DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ
        DE TOUS LES SITES WEB OU SERVICES DE TIERS QUE VOUS VISITEZ à partir de noter site.
Comment exercer vos choix ?
Cookie exempté de consentement
Notre prestataire AT INTERNET dépose un cookie exempté de consentement dans le but exclusif de
            mesurer la fréquentation de notre site et de produire des statistiques anonymes d’audience. Vous avez
            le droit de vous opposer au dépôt de ce cookie, en cliquant sur ce bouton
Faire vos choix depuis l’outil de paramétrage des cookies de L’Obs
L’Obs met à votre disposition un outil simple qui vous permet de paramétrer le dépôt de cookies selon
            leur catégorie : cookies « réseaux sociaux », cookies de mesure d’audience, cookies
            publicitaires, cookies personnalisation du parcours lecteur, cookies pour contenus audiovisuels et
            interactifs, etc.
Les choix que vous ferez grâce à cet outil ne seront valables que dans le cadre de votre navigation
            sur le site de L’Obs.
Pour utiliser cet outil,
cliquer ici
.
Vous pouvez également exprimer vos choix en matière de cookies sur le logiciel de navigation de votre
            ordinateur ou sur des sites en ligne. Dans ces deux cas, vos choix s’appliqueront à toute votre
            navigation sur Internet et non pas seulement au site de L’Obs.
Faire vos choix sur votre navigateur
Vous pouvez paramétrer votre logiciel de navigation soit de manière à ce que l’acceptation ou le
            refus des cookies vous soient proposés ponctuellement, avant qu’un cookie soit susceptible d’être
            enregistré, soit à accepter ou refuser systématiquement l’enregistrement de cookies dans votre
            terminal.
Nous vous alertons sur le fait que tout paramétrage sur votre logiciel de navigation concernant le
            refus des cookies techniques et de fonctionnalités sera susceptible d’altérer votre confort de
            navigation sur nos sites Internet, voire d’empêcher l’utilisation de certains de nos services
            nécessitant l’utilisation de ces mêmes cookies.
Le cas échéant, nous déclinons toute responsabilité pour les conséquences liées au fonctionnement
            dégradé de nos sites Internet et de nos services résultant de l’impossibilité pour nous d’enregistrer
            ou de consulter les cookies nécessaires à leur fonctionnement et que vous auriez refusés ou supprimés.
Pour la gestion des cookies et de vos choix, la configuration de chaque navigateur est différente.
            Elle est décrite dans le menu d’aide de votre navigateur, qui vous permettra de savoir de quelle
            manière modifier vos souhaits en matière de cookies.
Microsoft Internet Explorer
http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-FR/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
Microsoft Edge
https://privacy.microsoft.com/fr-fr/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
Apple Safari
http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/3.0/fr/9277.html
Google Chrome
http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=fr&hlrm=en&answer=95647
Mozilla Firefox
https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer-desactiver-cookies-preferences
Opera
http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html
Cookies Flash de Adobe Flash Player
Adobe Flash Player est une application informatique qui permet le développement rapide des contenus
            dynamiques utilisant le langage informatique Flash. Flash (et les applications de même type) mémorise
            les paramètres, les préférences et l’utilisation de ces contenus grâce à une technologie similaire aux
            cookies. Toutefois, Adobe Flash Player gère ces informations et vos choix par une interface différente
            de celle fournie par votre logiciel de navigation.
Dans la mesure où votre terminal serait susceptible de visualiser des contenus développés avec le
            langage Flash, nous vous invitons à accéder à vos outils de gestion des cookies Flash, directement
            depuis le site
http://www.adobe.com/fr
« Do not track »
Vous pouvez également paramétrer votre navigateur afin que celui-ci envoie un code indiquant aux
            sites Web que vous ne souhaitez pas être suivi (option « Do not track »).
Microsoft Internet Explorer
http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-fr/internet-explorer/use-tracking-protection#ie=ie-11
Microsoft Edge
https://privacy.microsoft.com/fr-fr/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
Apple Safari
http://support.apple.com/kb/PH11952
Google Chrome
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/114836
Mozilla Firefox
https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/comment-activer-option-ne-pas-pister
Opera
http://help.opera.com/Windows/12.10/fr/notrack.html
Faire votre choix en ligne
Pour les cookies de mesure d’audience et les cookies analytiques
Les cookies analytiques nous permettent d’obtenir des statistiques anonymes de fréquentation de notre
            site afin de l’optimiser et de détecter d’éventuels dysfonctionnements. Ils sont déposés sur nos sites
            et applications par les sociétés Chartbeat, Weborama, ACPM.
Si vous ne souhaitez pas que nos sites et nos services enregistrent des cookies dans votre navigateur
            à des fins de mesures d’audience, vous pouvez cliquer sur les liens suivants où vous trouverez des
            informations supplémentaires :
Cookies Charbeat
https://chartbeat.com/privacy/
Pour les cookies « Réseaux sociaux »
Nous utilisons plusieurs boutons de partage sur notre site.
Pour gérer vos données sur Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/help/cookies/
Pour gérer vos données sur Twitter
https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170518-utilisation-des-cookies-et-des-technologies-similaires-par-twitter
Pour gérer vos données sur Pinterest
https://policy.pinterest.com/fr/cookies
Pour gérer vos données sur LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy?_l=fr_FR
Désactiver ces cookies empêche donc toute interaction avec les réseaux sociaux.
Pour les cookies publicitaires
Nous utilisons la plate-forme Doubleclick pour gérer les affichages publicitaires sur nos sites Internet.
Pour gérer les cookies de Doubleclick
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated
Nous utilisons également la plate-forme Outbrain pour proposer la lecture d’articles selon des critères de popularité et vos centres d’intérêt ainsi que des articles sponsorisés.
Pour en savoir plus sur le ciblage lié aux centres d’intérêts
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/fr/a-propos-de-la-publicite-comportementale/
Pour désactiver cette technologie de ciblage Outbrain
https://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policy
Vous avez également la possibilité de vous connecter au site
http://youronlinechoices.com
, proposé par les professionnels de la publicité
            digitale regroupés au sein de l’association européenne EDAA (European Digital Advertising Alliance) et
            géré en France par l’Interactive Advertising Bureau France.
Cette plate-forme européenne est partagée par des centaines de professionnels de la publicité sur
            Internet et constitue une interface centralisée vous permettant d’exprimer votre refus ou votre
            acceptation des cookies utilisés par ces entreprises pour adapter à vos informations de navigation les
            publicités susceptibles d’être affichées sur votre terminal :
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/fr/controler-ses-cookies/
Enfin, certains cookies sont déposés par des prestataires tiers aux fins de publicité personnalisée.
            Vous pouvez également cliquer sur les liens suivants pour en savoir plus sur leurs pratiques et
            exercer vos choix :
Cookies Rubicon
http://www.rubiconproject.com/privacy/consumer-online-profile-and-opt-out/
Cookies Google Ad Manager
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated
Cookies AppNexus
https://www.appnexus.com/fr/platform-privacy-policy
Cookie Index Exchange
http://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
Spotx
https://www.spotx.tv/privacy-policy/
Criteo
https://privacy.eu.criteo.com
Liveramp
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
Openx
https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Triplelift
https://triplelift.com/privacy/
Integral Ad Science
https://integralads.com/fr/cookie-policy/
Amazon
https://www.amazon.fr/adprefs
Powerspace
https://powerspace.com/fr/privacy/
Smart
https://smartadserver.fr/politique-confidentialite-entreprise/
Sublime
https://www.sublime.xyz/en/legal-mentions
Teads
https://www.teads.com/privacy-policy/
Dailymotion
https://www.dailymotion.com/legal/privacy
Pour les cookies de personnalisation du parcours lecteur
Ces cookies sont déposés par nos prestataires :
Cookie Chartbeat
https://chartbeat.com/privacy/
Cookie Forecast
Cookie Mediego
https://www.mediego.com/fr/politique-de-confidentialite-donnees-personnelles/
Cookie Selligent
Pour désactiver ces cookies, rendez-vous sur notre outil de gestion des préférences depuis ce
lien
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacy.microsoft.com/fr-fr/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy:
Skip to main content
Sign in with Microsoft
Sign in or create an account.
Hello,
Select a different account.
You have multiple accounts
Choose the account you want to sign in with.
Applies To
Privacy
Microsoft Edge
Windows 10
The new Microsoft Edge
helps you browse, search, shop online, and more. Like all modern browsers, Microsoft Edge lets you collect and store specific data on your device, like cookies, and lets you send information to us, like browsing history, to make the experience as rich, fast, and personal as possible.
Whenever we collect data, we want to make sure it’s the right choice for you. Some people worry about their web browsing history being collected. That’s why we tell you what data is stored on your device or collected by us. We give you choices to control what data gets collected. For more information about privacy in Microsoft Edge, we recommend reviewing our
Privacy Statement
.
What data is collected or stored, and why
Microsoft uses diagnostic data to improve our products and services. We use this data to better understand how our products are performing and where improvements need to be made.
Microsoft Edge collects a set of required diagnostic data to keep Microsoft Edge secure, up to date and performing as expected. Microsoft believes in and practices information collection minimization. We strive to gather only the info we need, and to store it only for as long as it’s needed to provide a service or for analysis. In addition, you can control whether optional diagnostic data associated with your device is shared with Microsoft to solve product issues and help improve Microsoft products and services.
As you use features and services in Microsoft Edge, diagnostic data about how you use those features is sent to Microsoft. Microsoft Edge saves your browsing history—information about websites you visit—on your device. Depending on your settings, this browsing history is sent to Microsoft, which helps us find and fix problems and improve our products and services for all users. You can manage the collection of optional diagnostic data in the browser by selecting
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
and turning on or off
Help improve Microsoft products by sending optional diagnostic data about how you use the browser, websites you visit, and crash reports
. This includes data from testing new experiences. To finish making changes to this setting, restart Microsoft Edge.
Turning this setting on allows this optional diagnostic data to be shared with Microsoft from other applications using Microsoft Edge, such as a video streaming app that hosts the Microsoft Edge web platform to stream the video. The Microsoft Edge web platform will send info about how you use the web platform and sites you visit in the application to Microsoft.  This data collection is determined by your optional diagnostic data setting in Privacy, search, and services settings in Microsoft Edge.
On Windows 10, these settings are determined by your Windows diagnostic setting. To change your diagnostic data setting, select
Start
>
Settings
>
Privacy
>
Diagnostics & feedback
.
As of
March 6th 2024,
Microsoft Edge diagnostic data is collected separately from Windows diagnostic data on Windows 10 (version 22H2 and newer) and Windows 11 (version 23H2 and newer) devices in the European Economic Area. For these Windows versions, and on all other platforms, you can change your settings in Microsoft Edge by selecting
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
. In some cases, your diagnostic data settings might be managed by your organization.
When you’re searching for something, Microsoft Edge can give suggestions about what you’re searching for. To turn on this feature, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
>
Address bar and search
, and turn on
Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters
. As you start to type, the info you enter in the address bar is sent to your default search provider to give you immediate search and website suggestions.
When you use InPrivate browsing or guest mode, Microsoft Edge collects some info about how you use the browser depending on your Windows diagnostic data setting or Microsoft Edge privacy settings, but automatic suggestions are turned off and info about websites you visit is not collected. Microsoft Edge will delete your browsing history, cookies, and site data, as well as passwords, addresses, and form data when you close all InPrivate windows. You can start a new InPrivate session by selecting
Settings and more
on a computer or
Tabs
on a mobile device.
Microsoft Edge also has features to help you and your content stay safe online. Windows Defender SmartScreen automatically blocks websites and content downloads that are reported to be malicious. Windows Defender SmartScreen checks the address of the webpage you're visiting against a list of webpage addresses stored on your device that Microsoft believes to be legitimate. Addresses that aren't on your device’s list and the addresses of files you're downloading will be sent to Microsoft and checked against a frequently updated list of webpages and downloads that have been reported to Microsoft as unsafe or suspicious.
To speed up tedious tasks like filling out forms and entering passwords, Microsoft Edge can save info to help. If you choose to use those features, Microsoft Edge stores the info on your device. If you’ve turned on sync for form fill like addresses or passwords, this info will be sent to the Microsoft cloud and stored with your Microsoft account to be synced across all your signed-in versions of Microsoft Edge. You can manage this data from
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
.
To integrate your browsing experience with other activities you do on your device, Microsoft Edge shares your browsing history with Microsoft Windows through its Indexer. This information is stored locally on the device. It includes URLs, a category in which the URL might be relevant, such as “most visited”, “recently visited”, or “recently closed”, and also a relative frequency or recency within each category. Websites you visit while in InPrivate mode will not be shared. This information is then available to other applications on the device, such as the start menu or taskbar.
You can manage this feature by selecting
Settings and
more
>
Settings
>
Profile
, and turning on or off
Share browsing data with other Windows features
. If turned off, any previously shared data will be deleted.
To protect some video and music content from being copied, some streaming websites store Digital Rights Management (DRM) data on your device, including a unique identifier (ID) and media licenses. When you go to one of these websites, it retrieves the DRM info to make sure you have permission to use the content.
Microsoft Edge also stores cookies, small files that are put on your device as you browse the web. Many websites use cookies to store info about your preferences and settings, like saving the items in your shopping cart so you don't have to add them each time you visit. Some websites also use cookies to collect info about your online activity to show you interest-based advertising. Microsoft Edge gives you options to clear cookies and block websites from saving cookies in the future.
Microsoft Edge will send Do Not Track requests to websites when the
Send Do Not Track requests
setting is turned on. Websites may still track your activities even when a Do Not Track request is sent, however.
How to clear data collected or stored by Microsoft Edge
To clear browsing info stored on your device, like saved passwords or cookies:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
.
Under
Clear browsing data,
select
Choose what to clear
.
Under
Time range
, choose a time range.
Select the check box next to each data type you’d like to clear, and then select
Clear now
.
If you’d like, you can select
Choose what to clear every time you close the browser
and choose which data types should be cleared.
Learn more about what gets deleted for each browser history item
.
To clear browsing history collected by Microsoft:
To see your browsing history associated with your account, sign in to your account at
account.microsoft.com
. In addition, you also have the option of clearing your browsing data that Microsoft has collected using the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
To delete your browsing history and other diagnostic data associated with your Windows 10 device, select
Start
>
Settings
>
Privacy
>
Diagnostics & feedback
, and then select
Delete
under
Delete diagnostic data
.
To clear browsing history shared with other Microsoft features on the local device:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
.
Select
Share browsing data with other Windows features
.
Toggle this setting to
off
.
To clear individual passwords stored by Microsoft Edge on your device:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
, and then select
Passwords
.
Under
Saved passwords
, select
More actions
next to a website name, and then select
Delete
to clear the password saved for that site.
How to manage your privacy settings in Microsoft Edge
To change your level of tracking prevention, clear your browsing data, help improve Microsoft Edge, and more, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
.
To choose if websites can ask for permission to use your location, camera, microphone, and more, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Site permissions
.
To choose what types of data are synced across your devices, or to turn off syncing entirely, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
>
Sync
.
To learn more about privacy in Microsoft Edge, read the
Microsoft Edge privacy whitepaper
.
Yes
No
What affected your experience?
Any additional feedback? (Optional)
Submit feedback
By pressing submit, your feedback will be used to improve Microsoft products and services.
Your IT admin will be able to collect this data.
Privacy Statement.
×
Sub-policy 1
https://chartbeat.com/privacy/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to content
Chartbeat Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 29, 2025
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes how Chartbeat, Inc. (“Chartbeat”, “we”, “our” or “us”) collects and uses Personal Data (defined below) for which Chartbeat acts as a data controller under applicable privacy laws. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information,” “personal information,” or “personal data” under applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully – by visiting our website(s) including www.chartbeat.com (the “Site”) or using the Chartbeat Services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined below, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use and disclose your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Remember that your use of the Chartbeat Services is at all times subject to our
Terms of Service
and the applicable Work Order. Capitalized terms used here and defined in the Terms of Service shall have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Service.
This Privacy Policy only addresses activities on our Site and Chartbeat Services. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we don’t own or control or people we don’t manage. If you are a visitor of one of our Customer’s websites that utilize the Chartbeat Services, we process your Personal Data on behalf of such Customer as a “data processor.” For additional information, please see the “
Personal Data We Process as a Data Processor
” section below.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
. Where appropriate, we may refer you to our Customer in respect of any queries relating to the Customer as the data controller.
You may print a copy of this Privacy Policy by clicking here.
Privacy Policy Table of Contents:
Notification of Changes
Sources of Information
Personal Data
What Personal Data We Collect and How We Use It
Personal Data We Process as a Data Processor
Cookies
Our Legal Bases and Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Your Rights
European Union, United Kingdom, and Swiss Residents
U.S. Residents
Links to Third Party Websites
Privacy Protection for Children
Security
Location and Storage of Personal Data
Contact Us
1. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by placing a notice on our website or other aspect of the Chartbeat Services, sending you an email, or by other reasonable means.
2. SOURCES OF INFORMATION
We may collect Personal Data about you from:
You:
When you provide such information directly to us, and when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of the Chartbeat Services.
Third parties
: When third parties provide us with Personal Data about you (“Third Parties”). Third Parties that share your Personal Data with us include:
Service Providers.
For example, we may use analytics service providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Chartbeat Services, or third parties may help us provide you with customer support.
Social networks connected to the Chartbeat Services
. If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Chartbeat Services through a third party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your Account with us.
Advertising partners
. We may receive Personal Data about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services related to how you interact with our websites, applications, products, services, advertisements or communications.
Our affiliates.
We may receive information about you from our affiliates, which can be used to enhance the Chartbeat Services for Customers.
3. PERSONAL DATA
What Personal Data We Collect and How We Use It
The following tables describe the kinds of Personal Data we may collect about you and our business or commercial purposes for collecting such information. One or more tables may apply to you depending on your relationship with us.
Visitors
: We may collect, or may have collected over the past 12 months, the following categories of Personal Data about you if you visit our Site, sign up for our marketing materials, or otherwise engage with us before becoming a Customer (“Visitor”):
Category of Personal Data
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for Collection
Categories of Third Parties To Whom We Disclose Personal Data
Personal Identifiers
such as name, account name, email address
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Advertising Partners
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Internet or Other Similar Network Activity
such as browsing history, IP address, web page interactions, referring webpage/source through which you accessed the Chartbeat Services, non-identifiable request IDs, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Chartbeat Services
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Advertising Partners
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Device/IP Data
such as IP address, device ID, domain server, and type of device/ operating system/ browser used to access the Chartbeat Services
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
Service Providers
• Advertising Partners
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
such asemails, letters, texts, or other communications you send us
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Customers
: If you are a customer, we collect, or have collecte over the past 12 months, the following categories of Personal Data about you:
Category of Personal Data
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for Collection
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Disclose this Personal Data
Personal identifiers
such as name, account name, email address, phone number, business postal address, user ID, password
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Payment Data
such as financial account information, payment card type, last 4 digits of payment card, and billing address, phone number, and email
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Service Providers (specifically our payment processing partners, currently PayPal, Inc. (“PayPal”) and  BlueSnap, Inc. (“BlueSnap”)
Device/IP Data
such as IP address, device ID, domain server, and type of device/ operating system/ browser used to access the Chartbeat Services
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Commercial Data
such as purchase history
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Professional or Employment-Related Data
such as job title
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
such asemails, letters, texts, or other communications you send us
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Personal Data That We Process as a Data Processor
We process certain Personal Data (including as may be collected via on our Customers’ websites) as a data processor in connection with the Chartbeat Services. The Customer whose website you visited is the “data controller” of such Personal Data. Since we don’t control this Personal Data, we may direct you to contact such Customer directly with inquiries about your Personal Data or to exercise any rights afforded to you under applicable law.
In connection with providing the Chartbeat Services to a Customer, we use cookies on a Customer’s website depending on how the Customer configures such cookies. We do not control the Personal Data that a Customer chooses to collect through use of the Chartbeat cookies. We may use Personal Data collected through cookies on a Customer’s website to provide the Chartbeat Services, or for systems administration, abuse prevention, or as otherwise permitted under our agreement with such Customer. For additional information about the Personal Data collected by a website using a Chartbeat cookie, please see the privacy policy posted on the website you visited.
Cookies
Like most websites, our Site places cookies, pixel tags, web beacons or similar technology (“Cookies”) that serve various purposes, as described below, including to enable our servers to recognize your web browser, tell us how and when you visit and use the Chartbeat Services, analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve the Chartbeat Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone or similar device when you use that device to access the Chartbeat Services. We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your device(s).
Please note that because of our use of Cookies, the Chartbeat Services do not support “Do Not Track” requests sent from a browser at this time. As described further above, we also may place Cookies on our customers’ websites in connection with the Chartbeat Services.
If you are a Visitor (as defined above), we use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies
. Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of the Chartbeat Services. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Personalization Cookies.
Personalization Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding the Chartbeat Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to the Chartbeat Services. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Analytics Cookies.
Performance/Analytical Cookies allow us to understand how Visitors use the Chartbeat Services. They do this by collecting information about the number of Visitors to the Chartbeat Services, what pages Visitors view on our Chartbeat Services and how long Visitors are viewing pages on the Chartbeat Services. Performance/Analytical Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Chartbeat Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising. For example, Google LLC (“Google”) uses cookies in connection with its Google Analytics services. Google’s ability to use and disclose information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is subject to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You have the option to opt-out of Google’s use of Cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at www.google.com/privacy_ads.html or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Targeted Advertising Cookies
. Targeted Advertising Cookies collect data about your online activity and identify your interests for the purposes of serving advertising that might interest you and may be targeted to users who fit certain general profile categories or display certain preferences or behaviors (“Targeted Advertising”). For more information about Targeted Advertising, please see the section below titled “Information about Targeted Advertisements.”
If you are a Customer, we use the following types of Cookies:
Essential, Personalization, and Performance/Analytical Cookies
. We use Essential Cookies and Personalization Cookies to allow Customers to login without entering their user ID and password each time they use the Chartbeat Services and to otherwise provide the Chartbeat Services. [We also use Analytics Cookies to understand how Customers are using the Chartbeat Services, what pages Customers view on our Chartbeat Services and how long Customers are viewing pages on the Chartbeat Services. Analytics Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising.]
We do not collect Personal Data from Customers through Targeted Advertising cookies or otherwise engage in Targeted Advertising for Customers, except to the limited extent such Customer is a Visitor.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. With respect to cookies on our Site, you can also explore what cookie settings are available to you or modify your preferences with respect to cookies via cookie management settings by clicking “
Your Privacy Settings
[Author11]
” in the footer of the Site or by implementing the Global Privacy Control. If a Customer disables cookies, it will not be able to use the data tracking capabilities of the Chartbeat Services.
Information about Targeted Advertisements
We may serve targeted advertisements, and also allow third-party ad networks, including third-party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms, to serve advertisements through the Site. Information for Targeted Advertising (including Personal Data) may be provided to us by you, or derived from the usage patterns of particular users on the Site and/or services of third parties. Such information may be gathered through tracking users’ activities across time and unaffiliated properties, including when you leave the Site. To accomplish this, we or our service providers may deliver Cookies, including a file (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network to you through the Site. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Web beacons allow ad networks to view, edit or set their own Cookies on your browser, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.
4. OUR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES AND LEGAL BASES FOR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Visitors
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Site and the Chartbeat Services
Providing you with the Site or information you request.
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Operating and providing support and assistance for the Site.
Improving the Site and the Chartbeat Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Personalizing the Site, its content and communications based on your preferences.
Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal or as otherwise set forth in applicable U.S. state privacy laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CCPA” and collectively with other applicable U.S. state privacy laws, the “U.S. State Privacy Laws”).
Marketing the Chartbeat Services
Marketing and selling the Chartbeat Services.
Showing you advertisements, including interest-based, online behavioral or targeted advertising.
Corresponding with You
Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and sending you information about Chartbeat or the Chartbeat Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences.
Customers
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Site and the Chartbeat Services
Creating and managing your account or other user profiles.
Processing orders or other transactions; billing.
Providing you with the products, services or information you request.
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Providing support and assistance for the Chartbeat Services.
Improving the Chartbeat Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Personalizing the Chartbeat Services, website content and communications based on your preferences.
Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in the U.S. State Privacy Laws.
Corresponding with You
Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and sending you information about Chartbeat or the Chartbeat Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences.
Processing Grounds under the GDPR
If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, we will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below.
Contractual Necessity:
We process the following categories of Personal Data as a matter of “contractual necessity”, meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Terms of Service with you, which enables us to provide you with the Chartbeat Services. When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Chartbeat Services that require such data.
Visitors
: Personal Identifiers, Device/IP data, and Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide.
Customers
:
Personal Identifiers, Payment Data, and Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide.
Legitimate Interest
: We process the following categories of Personal Data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or third parties:
Visitors
: Internet or Other Similar Network Activity and Device/IP Data.
Customers
:
Device/IP Data, Commercial Data, and Professional or Employment-Related Data.
We may also de-identify or anonymize Personal Data to further our legitimate interests, as described further below.
Examples of these legitimate interests include (as described in more detail above):
Providing, customizing and improving the Chartbeat Services.
Marketing the Chartbeat Services.
Corresponding with you.
Meeting legal requirements and enforcing legal terms.
Completing corporate transactions.
Consent:
In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.
Other Processing Grounds
: From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
Other Permitted Purposes for Processing Personal Data
In addition, each of the above referenced categories of Personal Data may be collected, used, and disclosed with the government, including law enforcement, or other parties to meet certain legal requirements and enforcing legal terms including: fulfilling our legal obligations under applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process, such as preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and potentially illegal or prohibited activities; protecting the rights, property or safety of you, Chartbeat or another party; enforcing any agreements with you; responding to claims that any posting or other content violates third-party rights; and resolving disputes.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice or obtaining your consent.
5. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We may disclose your Personal Data as described in this section, or with your express consent.
Service Providers
These parties help us provide the Chartbeat Services or perform business functions on our behalf. They include:
Hosting, technology and communication providers.
Analytics providers for web traffic or usage of the site.
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Support and customer service vendors.
Product fulfillment and delivery providers.
Payment processors.
Our payment processing partners, PayPal and BlueSnap, collect your voluntarily-provided payment card information necessary to process your payment.
Please see PayPal or BlueSnap terms of service and privacy policy for information on its use and storage of your Personal Data.
Affiliates and Business Partners
We may disclose certain Personal Data to our corporate affiliates or parties that partner with us in offering various services, including businesses that you have a relationship with or companies that we partner with to offer joint promotional offers or opportunities.
Additionally, Chartbeat may partner with Business Partners in offering various services, including businesses that you have a relationship with and companies that we partner with to offer joint promotional offers or opportunities.
Third Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Solely at your direction or based on your authorization or use, we may disclose certain Personal Data to third parties you access through the services, including social media services.
Legal Obligations
We may disclose any Personal Data that we collect with third parties in conjunction with any of the activities set forth under “Other Permitted Purposes for Processing Personal Data” section above.
Voluntary Public Disclosure by You of Personal Data
Please be aware that whenever one voluntarily discloses Personal Data online – e.g., on message boards, in chat areas, in file uploads, through events, etc. – that information becomes public and can be collected and used by others and indexed in search engines. We have no control over, and take no responsibility for, the use, storage or dissemination of such publicly disclosed Personal Data. By posting Personal Data online in public forums, users may receive unsolicited messages from other parties.
Aggregated and Anonymized Data
Chartbeat may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Chartbeat Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.
6. YOUR RIGHTS
You may exercise your rights with us in accordance with this section. Please note that your rights may be subject to additional requirements, conditions, or exceptions in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about your rights, please reach out to
privacy@chartbeat.com
.
You may receiving marketing communications from us, for instance, when you register for the Chartbeat Services or visit the Site. If you would like to opt-out of such communications, you may unsubscribe in the link provided in any email communication.
European Union, United Kingdom, and Swiss Residents
If you are a European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom (“UK”), or Swiss resident, you have certain rights pursuant to applicable law, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), as set forth below. If there are any conflicts between this this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict.
If you have any questions about this section, whether any of the following applies to you, or the rights described below, or to submit a request regarding your Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
EU, UK, and Swiss Resident Rights
Access:
You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data. You can also access certain of your Personal Data by logging on to your account.
Rectification
:  If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. You can also correct some of this information directly by logging on to your account.
Erasure:
You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of the Chartbeat Services.
Portability:
You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.
Objection:
You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes, such as for direct marketing purposes.
Restriction of Processing:
You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about Chartbeat’s practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
Transfers of Personal Data
The Chartbeat Services are hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through Chartbeat and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U.S., laws in the U.S. may differ from the laws where you reside. By using the Chartbeat Services, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to Chartbeat in the U.S. and will be hosted on U.S. servers, and you authorize Chartbeat to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries. In some circumstances, your Personal Data may be transferred to the U.S. pursuant to a data processing agreement incorporating standard data protection clauses and/or the Data Privacy Framework(s), as discussed below.
Data Privacy Framework
Chartbeat and its subsidiary Tubular Labs, Inc. (“Tubular”) comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK-U.S. DPF”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) (collectively, the “DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Chartbeat and Tubular have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we they adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) and applicable principles under the UK-U.S. DPF (“UK-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK-U.S. DPF. Chartbeat and Tubular have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that they adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and the UK-U.S. DPF Principles, collectively, the “DPF Principles”). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Chartbeat’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. This Privacy Policy describes the types of Personal Data we collect, the purposes for which we collect and use your Personal Data, and the purposes for which we disclose your Personal Data to certain types of third parties in the sections above. Pursuant to the DPF, EU, UK, and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain Personal Data relating to you in the U.S. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the Personal Data that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the Personal Data we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the U.S. under DPF, should direct their query to privacy@chartbeat.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. This Privacy Policy has additional information about the rights afforded to you.
We will provide you with the choice to opt-out from the sharing of your Personal Data, with any third parties (other than our agents or those that act on our behalf or under our instruction), or before we use it for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized.
In addition to any other disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, in certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Chartbeat’s accountability for Personal Data that we receive in the U.S. under the DPF and subsequently transfer to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf is described in the DPF Principles. In particular, we remain liable under the DPF Principles if our agents process Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Chartbeat proves that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Chartbeat commits to DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. European Union, United Kingdom, or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Chartbeat at privacy@chartbeat.com.
Chartbeat has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to a U.S.-based independent dispute resolution mechanism, BBB NATIONAL PROGRAMS. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbbprograms.org/dpf-complaints for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. For more information, see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, located at https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2.
B.
U.S. Residents
If you reside in certain U.S. states, you may have certain rights afforded to you (as described below) depending on your state of residence. Please see the “
Exercising Your U.S. State Privacy Law Rights
” section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. Please note that we may process Personal Data of our customers’ end users or employees in connection with our provision of certain services to our customers. If we are processing your Personal Data as a service provider, you should contact the entity that collected your Personal Data in the first instance to address your rights with respect to such data. Please note that your rights may be subject to certain conditions or exceptions in accordance applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws.
If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
.
Access.
You may have the right to request confirmation of or access to the Personal Data that we process about you. You can also request access to a portable copy of your Personal Data. If you are an Oregon resident, you also have the right to request a list of specific third parties, other than natural persons, to which we have disclosed Personal Data.
Deletion
. You may have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected about you.
Correction.
You may have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Data we have collected about you.
Portability
. You may have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format, to the extent technically feasible.
Selling/Sharing/Targeted Advertising
. We do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Data, except to the extent you are a Visitor.
If you are a Visitor, depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to opt out from the (1) selling, (2) sharing, or (3) processing for the purposes of targeted advertising of your Personal Data. These or similar terms may be defined differently depending the applicable U.S. State Privacy Law. For clarity, when we use the term “sell,” we mean for valuable consideration and not for any monetary value.
If you have the right to opt-out of the sale or share of your Personal Data, you can do so by following the instructions in the “
Exercising Your U.S. State Privacy Law Rights
” section. Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to reauthorize the sale of your Personal Data for at least 12 months.
We may sell or share your Personal Data as a Visitor to or with the following categories of third parties:
Ad networks and marketing providers.
Over the past 12 months, we may have sold or shared the following categories of your Personal Data, solely to the extent you are a Visitor and only to categories of third parties listed above:
Personal Identifiers and Internet or Other Similar Network Activity Information.
To our knowledge, we do not sell or share the Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age
We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the U.S. State Privacy Laws
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the U.S. State Privacy Laws. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the U.S. State Privacy Laws. However, we may have different tiers of the Chartbeat Services as allowed by applicable data protection laws (including the U.S. State Privacy Laws) with varying prices, rates, or levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive from you.
Exercising Your U.S. Privacy Rights
To exercise the rights described in this Privacy Policy, you or, if permitted by applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws, your Authorized Agent (defined below) must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data (such as your Contact or Profile Data), and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify your identity and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within the time period required by applicable privacy laws. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
Request to Opt-Out of Sale, Share, and/or Targeted Advertising
As applicable, you may opt-out from any “sales,” “shares,” or targeted advertising through Cookies, by using the following methods:
By accessing your cookie consent mechanism by accessing “Your Privacy Settings” at the bottom left of our website.
By implementing the Global Privacy Control or similar universal privacy control that is legally recognized by a government agency or industry standard and that complies with applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws. The signal issued by the control must be initiated by your browser and applies to the specific device and browser you use at the time you cast the signal.
Request to Access, Delete, or Correct
As applicable, you may submit a Valid Request for any other rights afforded to you in this Privacy Policy by emailing us at:
privacy@chartbeat.com
.
For residents of certain states, you may also authorize an agent (an “Authorized Agent”) to exercise your rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide your Authorized Agent with written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request a copy of this written permission from your Authorized Agent when they make a request on your behalf.
Appealing a Denial
If we refuse to take action on your request within a reasonable period of time after receiving your request in accordance with this section, you may appeal our decision if permitted by applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws. In such appeal, you must (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom the original request pertains and to identify the original request, and (2) provide a description of the basis of your appeal. Please note that your appeal will be subject to your rights and obligations afforded to you under the U.S. State Privacy Laws (as applicable). We will respond to your appeal within the time period required under the applicable law. You can submit a Verified Request to appeal by emailing us at:
privacy@chartbeat.com
(title must include “[STATE OF RESIDENCE] Appeal”).
If we deny your appeal, in certain states you have the right to contact the Attorney General of your State, including by the following links:
Colorado
,
Connecticut
,
Montana
,
Oregon
,
Texas
, and
Virginia
.
7. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Site may contain links to third party websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites you choose to visit. If you provide any Personal Data directly to parties other than us, different rules may apply to the use or disclosure of that Personal Data. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing your Personal Data to third parties.
8. PRIVACY PROTECTION FOR CHILDREN
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and applicable data protection laws, we do not knowingly provide access to the Chartbeat Services to persons under the age of eighteen (18). If we learn that any user of the Chartbeat Services is under the age of eighteen (18), we will take appropriate steps to remove that user’s information from our records and we will restrict that individual from future access to the Chartbeat Services. Please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
if you are aware that we may have inadvertently collected Personal Data from a child.
9. SECURITY AND RETENTION
We have implemented security measures to protect information from loss, misuse and alteration. We use industry-standard practices such as encrypted storage, firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of Personal Data which is collected and used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Each of our employees and agents are aware of our security policies; Personal Data is only available to those employees and agents who need it to perform their jobs.
We keep your Personal Data for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data is processed. The length of time for which we retain Personal Data depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Except as required by applicable laws or in order to defend any actual or possible legal claims, we will take reasonable steps to return or irretrievably delete all Personal Data processed on behalf of our Customers when it is no longer required to exercise or perform our rights or obligations under our Terms of Service (provided that we may retain Customer’s employee/users’ Personal Data to provide future notices to Customer and respond to future Customer or legal inquiries).
10. HR DATA
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Chartbeat commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints about how we use your Personal Data, or if you would like to request access to your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, please contact Chartbeat at privacy@chartbeat.com, or Chartbeat, Inc. at 701 Tillery Street, Unit 12-1019, Austin, Texas 78702.
Individuals and the data protection supervisory authorities in the EU/EEA and individuals and the data protection supervisory authority (“ICO”) in the UK may also contact our data protection representatives according to Article 27 GDPR:
EU: DP-Dock GmbH, Attn.: Chartbeat, Ballindamm 39, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
UK: DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd., Attn.: Chartbeat, 16 Great Queen Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom
www.dp-dock.com
chartbeat@gdpr-rep.com
You may also make a complaint to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office or the data protection regulator in the country where you usually live or work, or where an alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation has taken place. Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through the courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policy:
Outbrain and Teads
Close Agreement to Merge
Learn More
Privacy Center
Download
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated 30 October 2023
Outbrain is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs Outbrain’s use of data collected by us, including any and all personal data. Personal data is information that relates to you and may identify you as an individual. We use your personal data in line with all applicable laws. To ensure compliance and to align with Outbrain’s values around trust and transparency we have a team of privacy champions responsible for continuously implementing our global privacy program.
1. Who we are, What we do, How you can contact Outbrain, our DPO or the relevant authorities
Who we are:
This privacy policy applies to Outbrain Inc., a Delaware, USA corporation with headquarters in New York; and its affiliated subsidiaries (collectively, “Outbrain,” or “we“, “us“, “our“). We operate in various offices around the world and we partner with publishers and marketers across the globe.
Please note that Outbrains’ subsidiary Outbrain DSP (formerly Zemanta) Inc has a separate Privacy Policy, which can be found
here
.
What we do:
Outbrain’s mission is to serve interesting recommendations to you based on what we believe are your interests. To achieve our mission we enter into agreements with:
online publishers and partners who want to recommend relevant content to their readers (this is
Outbrain Engage
);
advertisers who want readers to view their content (this is
Outbrain Amplify
); and
third party partners who help us serve relevant recommendations.
For further information on our Amplify (advertiser) services see
here
and our Engage (publisher) services see
here
.
How to contact us:
We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy. Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed in the first instance to
privacy@outbrain.com
or by mail to
Outbrain Inc., 111 West 19th Street, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10011, USA, Attn: Privacy Questions
.
If Outbrain does not satisfactorily answer your questions or concerns, you may also contact the following for advice, support or complaints:
Outbrain’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@outbrain.com
; and/or
the
Information Commissioner’s Office
, which is Outbrain’s lead supervisory authority within the European Territories.
2. Alliances and Adherence
We adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles set forth by the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) and the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA);
We are members in good standing of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection and its use for digital advertising as well as the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
(DAAC) AdChoices Program. We also adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct for Web and Mobile. Outbrain also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, and the IAB Europe OBA Framework; and
We are also TAG Brand Safety Certified
here
.
3. Outbrain User Types (including Opt Out Options)
Much of this Privacy Policy is divided into sections based on the way you may interact with Outbrain. You are either a Site Visitor, a User and/or a Business Partner (as defined below). Please determine what user type you are. For each user type we’ve explained what information we collect and why, what cookies and other similar technologies we use, how we share such information and your rights.
Site Visitors:
You are a Site Visitor when you visit and interact with our web sites, web pages, interactive features, blogs and their respective contents at Outbrain.com (or any derivation, such as Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; outbrain.de etc.) (“
Our Sites
“).
See more here.
(a) What information we collect and why
We want to understand what services on Our Sites interest you and we want to remind you about the services we offer when you are not on Our Sites. In order to do this, we collect the following information from your device: (i) IP address; (ii) User Agent data: device type (e.g., iPhone), browser type (e.g., Chrome), operating system (e.g., iOS); (iii) the pages visited on Our Sites (e.g., the Outbrain “About” page); (iv) the time of visit (and corresponding time zone); and (v) referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests (e.g. information telling us how you arrived on Our Sites).
In addition, we may also collect your name and email address if you agree to send your details to us via Our Sites (e.g., by signing up to receive our newsletter).
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Please see this
Cookie Table
, which is updated from time to time, under the section “Site Visitors” for a detailed list of first and third party cookies (and their corresponding retention periods) that may be used when you visit Our Sites.
(c) How we may share information
Sharing Information we learn about you on Our Sites
We do not sell and/or share personal data about you with third parties for third party marketing or advertising purposes. We may use various third parties (each listed on the
Cookie Table
) to help us market or advertise to you. We require that these third parties and companies agree to comply with all applicable data protection laws, keep all information shared with them confidential and to use the information only to perform their obligations to us. We do this by entering into agreements with all third parties who process personal data. If you post on our blog, your comment and information will be publicly available. Please contact
support@outbrain.com
to remove your comment.
Using Third Party Services on Our Sites
Our Sites contain links to other websites that we do not own or operate. We do not control, recommend or endorse the content, products, services, privacy policies or practices of these third party websites. For example, on Our Sites you will notice clickable icons which take you to the Outbrain Facebook page or the Outbrain LinkedIn page. If you choose to click on these links, you should know that these sites are not owned or operated by Outbrain and therefore these third party websites may send their own cookies to your device and they may independently collect personal data. It is therefore important that you get familiar with the privacy policies of these third party websites.
Also see the
Sharing
section of this Privacy Policy.
(d) Your rights
Our
Terms of Use
govern your use of Our Sites and apply to you when you interact with Our Sites. You can stop using Our Sites at any time. If you do, you may also want to remove any cookies that we have placed on any device used to access Our Sites, you can do this via your browser. If during your use of Our Sites you provided your email address, any email you receive from Outbrain includes an “unsubscribe” option. In addition, you may also opt-out of direct marketing by emailing
support@outbrain.com
.
For Site Visitors in the European Territory, Outbrain has implemented a consent management platform (powered by
OneTrust
) on Our Sites that provides you with the opportunity to consent, or not consent, to cookies and similar tracking technologies. Upon accessing Our Sites, you will see a banner in the centre of the page with information about the cookies we use. You may click the banner to reject any cookies (for example, performance cookies or targeting cookies) that are not strictly necessary cookies (as defined in the Cookie Table). By pressing “I Accept” on the banner you are indicating your acceptance to cookies and similar tracking technologies. Outbrain’s lawful basis for processing personal data of European Territory Site Visitors on Our Sites is consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking this button:
Cookies Settings
. In respect of all other Site Visitors not located in European Territories, we rely on our legitimate interest for processing any personal data however, this does not preclude non-European Territory Site Visitors from withdrawing consent at any time via our consent management platform.
Users:
You are a User when you visit a page of a website or application of one of Outbrain’s partners where the Outbrain widget is installed or our recommendations are placed (“Partner Sites”). For example, if you visit
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.spiegel.de
or
www.cnn.com
, the Outbrain widget is implemented on those websites. You know you are engaging with an Outbrain widget when you see text referencing Outbrain (e.g., “Recommended by Outbrain”, “by Outbrain” near recommendations If you click on the hyperlinked reference to Outbrain you will see a
detailed notice
that enables you to navigate to
Outbrain’s Interest Portal
and this Privacy Policy where you can opt out of personalized recommendations. In some instances, a partner may have white-label Outbrain’s service for their own offering. In such an event, such partners must disclose their use of Outbrain in their privacy policies.
Example of an Outbrain Widget
See more here
.
(a) What information we collect and why
We use UUIDs, IP Address and other Usage Information so that we can serve interesting recommendations. Outbrain’s recommendations may be paid for by an advertiser linking you to a new website or they may be organic such that the link is to another page on the same Partner’s Site. Outbrain may use high-level health interest categories to serve recommendations, that you can find
here
.
UUID
When you, as a User, first visit a Partner Site (e.g., CNN.com), Outbrain drops a cookie on your device in order to generate a UUID. Alternatively, if you first interact with a Partner using that Partner’s application, Outbrain receives your advertiser ID which is assigned to you by your device. We catalogue and analyze the content you consume across Partner Sites. Our recommendations are based on: (i) a UUIDs browsing history; (ii) similar browsing patterns of other Users; (iii) recommendations that are generally popular with Outbrain’s audience at this time; (iv) some randomness, and (v) targeting requirements that may be provided or requested by our Amplify clients. As an example, Outbrain may know that UUID 123 (which could be you on your iPhone X on The Guardian using Chrome as your browser) likes to read about far away holiday destinations and that people who like to read about far away holiday destinations also like to read about exotic food. When you interact with Outbrain we do not collect traditional personal data from you, like your email address or name, therefore we cannot associate your name with your UUID (for example, we do not know that John Smith, who is also UUID 123, likes to read about far away holiday destinations).
The UUID is a sequence of numbers and/or letters. This UUID attaches itself to your device and varies depending on your browser combination. In other words, Outbrain records a different UUID depending on which device and/or which browser you use when accessing the Partner Sites. For example, you will have one UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your mobile phone using the browser Safari, and a different UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your iPad using the browser Safari. Outbrain will combine and consolidate a UUID from a mobile device (handheld or tablet) from a browser that then accesses an application (or vice versa) from that same device. Outbrain does not conduct cross device tracking and therefore cannot link a user interacting with Outbrain on their phone as the same user who is interacting with Outbrain on their desktop.
IP Address
In addition to your UUID, we recognise your IP address, which we translate into geolocation and delete the last octet in order to mask the identifying information. We then use this masked information, in conjunction with information we received from other trusted third party partners (such as MaxMind) to determine a broad understanding of where you are located (e.g., New York). Outbrain will still recognise your IP address even if you opt out of personalised tracking as this is necessary to continue serving you context-based recommendations however, in such instances your IP address is not associated with your UUID and would not form part of any user profile.
Other Usage Information
In addition to your UUID and IP address, we also collect the following information from you on (a) desktop and mobile web: (i) User Agent data: device type (e.g., iPhone), browser type (e.g., chrome), operating system (e.g. iOS); (ii) the pages visited; (iii) the time of visit; and (iv) referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests. The above statistical information provides us with information about how many Users visited a specific page on our Partner Sites on which the Outbrain widget is installed, how long each User stayed on that page, the type of content on that page they clicked on and how they generally engaged with that page; and (b) on applications (i) application version (as it appears in App Store or Play Store); (ii) application ID or package name (as it appears in the App Store or Play Store); (iii) operating system ( e.g. IOS or Android); (iii) operating system version; and (iv) device model (e.g. iPhone X).This information is considered personal data if Outbrain associates it with a UUID.
As Outbrain does not have a direct relationship with Users interacting with Partner Sites, Outbrain relies on its partners to determine the lawful basis upon which Outbrain can process personal data. Each partner site relies on either
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Outbrain cookies
Please see the
Cookie Table
under “Users” for a detailed list of the First Party Cookies we use when you interact with Partner Sites where the Outbrain technology is implemented.
Outbrain pixels
In addition to Outbrain’s visible widget on Partner Sites, certain Outbrain advertisers may implement the Outbrain pixel on their websites. The Outbrain pixel determines whether the User reaching the page where the pixel is installed has an Outbrain UUID in order to provide reporting to advertisers in respect of their particular campaign. If there is a UUID associated with such end user, Outbrain allows advertisers to either retarget those UUIDs and/or provides advertisers with the total number of Users (on an aggregated and anonymised basis) that reached a particular page (for example, an advertiser does not know that UUID1234 converted but only that 1 conversion took place). Outbrain does not pass its advertisers any personal data (including your UUID) or collect any further personal data via the pixel. Outbrain does not combine information received from the Outbrain pixel information with a UUID’s profile (for example, Outbrain only tracks that 1 conversion has taken place and not the UUID123 has converted when it reaches the advertiser’s chosen page). We require advertisers to disclose the usage of the Outbrain pixel on their own websites.Outbrain may also allow certain trusted third party partners to collect data via cookies delivered through the Outbrain widget. In such cases, Outbrain does not pass these third parties the data which Outbrain collects on its Users but allows such third parties to directly collect data (including personal data) via the widget for fraud and/or security purposes or in order to provide measurement information to advertisers (such as the number of conversions and/or impressions). Any such collection shall be governed by such third parties privacy policy.
Third party pixels
If you click on a link to one of our recommendations, the advertiser sponsoring the recommendation may place cookies (or third party cookies of third parties acting on the advertiser’s behalf) on your device either through redirects prior to arriving on the destination page of the recommendations or upon reaching the destination page. Such cookies are dropped for the purposes of providing analytics to the advertiser with regards to the advertiser’s campaign (for example, to see how many users viewed the advertiser’s campaign). We require our advertisers to disclose the use of third party pixels and/or cookies to end users via their website. As these cookies and/or pixels are added at the sole discretion of our advertisers you will be subject to that advertiser’s privacy notice and/or privacy policy.
Third Party Segments
Outbrain’s policy restricts targeting based on sensitive demographics like political views due to privacy concerns and the potential for bias. However, based on Outbrain’s third-party targeting options available to our advertisers, Outbrain may use third-party standard politics related segments
t
hat may indicate general political sentiment, interest in specific political issues, and political party affiliation. Outbrain does not knowingly create segments that are based upon what we consider to be sensitive information (for example, Personal Data revealing your racial or ethnic origin or your religious affiliations, or Personal Data concerning your sensitive health information, sex life or sexual orientation, or genetic or biometric data).
(c) How we may share information
Our Partners
Outbrain does not share and/or sell a User’s entire profiles with any third parties. However, we may share certain elements of a user profile (for example, UUID) with the following partners, including:
Brand safety, analytics and fraud partners;
Demand Side Platforms (DSP) and Supply Side Platforms (SSP);
Ad Exchanges and/or Networks; and
Demand Management Platforms.
Please see
here
for a list of some of our trusted partners. In addition, we may collect and/ or share some personal data with trusted partners by virtue of participating in the OpenRTB. Many of these partners are registered as IAB TCF Global Vendors and can be found
here
.
(d) Your rights
Outbrain opt out on desktop and mobile web
You may opt out of Outbrain’s personalized recommendations (or, if you have opted out and would like to opt back in) at any time by moving the toggle below. You may also opt out of personalized recommendations via Outbrain’s
Interest Profile
which is a website that provides a general visualization of the data Outbrain knows about you and may use to make its recommendations.
Outbrain opt out on apps
In order to opt-out of Outbrain’s recommendations on your mobile applications you can follow the steps below:
iOS Devices: Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking
Android Devices: Google Settings App > Ads > Opt Out of Interest-based Advertising
Please note that an opt out via our Interest Profile and/or this Privacy Policy will not opt you out of personalised tracking on your applications. This opt out must be done via your device settings.
Additional Opt-Out Options
You may also opt out of receiving personalized ads served by us or other advertising companies through industry powered tools such as the NAI or the various DAA-based pages (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; DAAC,
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
, and/or EDAA
www.youronlinechoices.eu
). Visiting the NAI, DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages allows you to opt out of all some or all of the participating members’ services. Like Outbrain’s opt out, these opt outs do not mean you will no longer receive any advertising, the advertisements will just not be tailored to you. You will continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e.,
contextually based ads
). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective as our opt out is cookie based.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Even though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalised recommendations:
You will still see Outbrain recommendations.
Opting out of Outbrain personalization tracking does not mean you will no longer receive recommendations from Outbrain. Instead, it means that Outbrain’s recommendations will not be personalized (i.e. they will be context based recommendations).
Your opt out will be cookie based and device/browser specific.
If you browse the web from several devices and/or browsers, you will need to opt out from each device and/or browser to ensure that we prevent personalization tracking on all of them. For the same reason, if you buy a new device, change browsers or delete (or clear) the opt out cookie, you will need to opt-out again. Opting out of personalization tracking is not the same as blocking cookies.
You must not opt in to Outbrain for at least 21 days as the deletion of your profile is tied to your UUID
.
Your opt out from Outbrain’s personalized recommendations is effective immediately. However, if your browser permits local storage and you opt into Outbrain’s personalized recommendations (for example, by accepting a cookie banner) within 21 days of your opt out, it is possible your prior profile will be reconnected to your UUID. If you do not opt in within 21 days, your profile will be deleted and cannot be recovered.
As with most opt out cookies, the Outbrain browser opt out relies upon a cookie.
The opt-out cookie is intended to be persistent to honor the user’s preferences. However, the “Intelligent Tracking Prevention” feature in iOS11 may impact the persistence of cookies across websites post a 24 hour window. We suggest using another browser or considering blocking all 3rd party cookies from the browser so that you are “opted out” without needing to rely on any company’s actual opt out methodology.
Your local storage will not be cleared.
Even though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalised recommendations your local storage will not be automatically cleared and therefore you need to clear this at a browser level in addition to your opt out.
Business Partners:
You are a Business Partner when you register (or email with Outbrain) on behalf of the company you work for to use the Outbrain Amplify or Outbrain Engage Services.
See more here
.
(a) What information we collect and why
You may provide certain personal data (such as email address) when you sign up for the Amplify or Engage services or otherwise communicate or interact with us. If you apply to become a Business Partner, we may request additional information from you via advertiser application forms, insertion orders and other forms. We automatically collect information about your username’s actions in the Outbrain dashboard. As an example, as an Amplify Business Partner if you change the cost-per-click for one your campaigns, Outbrain’s audit trail will have a record of all those actions.
We collect and process the personal data above in order to perform our obligations under our agreement as a Business Partner (or prospective Business Partner) with you including to:
respond to your questions and requests;
to provide you with access to certain functions and features of our Amplify or Engage services (e.g., to provide and maintain your dashboard account);
verify your identity; and
communicate with you about your account, our products, and available promotions relevant to your use of the Amplify or Engage service.
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Please see this
Cookie Table
under “Business Partners” for a detailed list of First and Third Party cookies (and their corresponding retention periods) we use with Business Partners.
(c) How we may share information with anyone
We may disclose certain Business Partner information to vendors, contractors, or others who assist Outbrain in delivering the services (e.g., credit card processing). Also see the
Sharing
section of this Privacy Policy.
(d) Your rights
If as a Business Partner you wish to verify, correct, update or request the deactivation of your information, you may go to the Outbrain dashboard in order to edit your profile preferences or contact us at
support@outbrain.com
. If you are receiving Outbrain emails, you may “unsubscribe” using a link in the email. Note that unsubscribing shall not opt you out of notifications critical to providing the Amplify or Engage services (e.g., email invoices).
(e) Lawful Basis
Outbrain’s lawful basis for processing personal data of Business Partners is contractual.
4. Security Measures, Transfers Outside the EEA, Sharing and Data Retention
Security
Outbrain has a dedicated security team. We maintain tight controls over the personal data we collect, retaining it in firewalled and secured databases with strictly limited and controlled access rights, to ensure it is secure. Please see our
security standards
for more information.
Business Partners have access to certain password-protected features of the Amplify or Engage service. Business Partners are responsible for keeping this password confidential and for ensuring the same for their employees and/or their agents. Please remember that, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure. A common Internet scam is known as “spoofing” or “phishing.” This occurs when you receive an email from what appears to be a legitimate source requesting personal data from you. Please be aware that we will not send you any emails requesting you to verify credit card, bank information, or any other personal data. If you ever receive an email that appears to be from us requesting such information from you, do not respond to it, and do not click on any links appearing in the email. Instead, please forward the email to us at
legal@outbrain.com
, as we will investigate instances of possible Internet fraud.
Data Transfers Outside the EU/EEA
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) we will ensure such transfers are in compliance with relevant data protection laws, including, if applicable, EU Standard Contractual Clauses, or a European Commission positive adequacy decision under Article 25(6) of Directive 95/46/EC or Article 45 of the GDPR. In other words, your rights and protections remain with your data and we used approved contractual clauses and other measures designed to ensure that the recipients of your personal data protect it. Outbrain has in place the Standard Contractual Clauses between Outbrain entities to govern the transfer of data outside of the EEA.
Sharing
In addition to the description of how we may disclose your personal data for each user type, we may also disclose personal data as follows:
Within the family of companies controlled by Outbrain for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes;
If we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal data will likely be among the assets transferred;
When legally required to do so (e.g., to cooperate with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings); and/or
To respond to a genuine emergency.
In addition, we combine your personal data with those of other users in order to share trend information and aggregate user statistics with third parties, always in aggregated and anonymized form.
Data Retention
The retention period for each of the cookies Outbrain uses (whether our own or on our behalf by third parties) is stated in the
Cookie Table
. More specifically, the Outbrain cookie (Obuid),which is used for tracking user actions such as clicks, expires three (3) months after a user visited a particular site within our network however, this cookie will reset if a user returns to the same site or different site within our network. In addition, we do not retain any individual data point on a User for more than 13 months. For example, if UUID 123 read an article on December 31, 2018, on February 1, 2019 that article will no longer be part of UUID 123’s profile. Outbrain also maintains a Data Retention Policy that details the retention period for personal data based on our analysis of how long the specific data is reasonably required for legal or business purposes. When we no longer need personal data, we securely delete or destroy it. Aggregated data, which cannot identify a device/browser (or individual) and is used for purposes of reporting and analysis, is maintained for as long as commercially necessary.
5. Children and Sensitive Data
Children
None of our services are intentionally directed at children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under 16 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a Site Visitor, a User or a Business Partner is under 16, we will not use or maintain his/her personal data. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. If you’re a kid, please go play in the yard, don’t use or interact with Outbrain!
Sensitive data
We do not collect or receive any sensitive categories of personal data.
6. European Territory Visitors
In compliance with certain privacy laws, in particular the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Outbrain provides specific additional rights for individuals who interact with Outbrain such as the right to access, rectification, right to object, to complaint, erasure and blockage. More specifically and under certain circumstances:
the right to request information about whether and which personal data is processed by us, and the right to demand that personal data is rectified or amended.
the right to request that personal data should be deleted.
the right to demand that the processing of personal data should be restricted.
withdraw your consent to the processing and use of your data completely or partially at any time with future application.
have the right to obtain your personal data in a common, structured and mechanically readable format.
contact our data protection officer if there are any questions, comments, complaints or requests in connection with our statement on data protection and the processing of your personal data.
the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority if believed that the processing of your personal data is in violation of the legislation.
In addition to the above, we reference certain rights for European Territory citizens throughout this Privacy Policy. Pursuant to the GDPR, citizens from “European Territories” mean the European Economic Area (EEA), the European Free Trade Area (EFTA) and Switzerland. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the term “European Territories” shall continue to include the United Kingdom, even after the United Kingdom leaves the European Economic Area following Brexit. If you are in the UK, or the European Economic Areas, the controller of your data is Outbrain UK Limited.
Please email
Privacy@outbrain.com
with any questions about exercising any of the above rights.
7. California Privacy Rights
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “ Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“ CCPA”) but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
(a) Your California privacy rights.
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Information.
You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
Whether we have disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Whether we’ve sold your Personal Information, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Access
.
You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Opt-out of sales
.
If we sell your Personal Information, you can opt-out. In addition, if you direct us not to sell your Personal Information, we will consider it a request pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law to stop sharing your personal information covered by that law with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Opt-in.
We contractually prohibit our publishing and advertising clients from placing our technology on pages that target individuals younger than 16 years old. If we learn that you are younger than 16 years old, we will asking for your permission (or if you are younger than 13 years old, your parent or guardian’s permission) to sell your Personal Information before we do so.
Non discrimination.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you services; increasing the price/rate of services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
(b) How to exercise your rights
You may exercise your California privacy rights described above as follows:
Right to information, access and deletion
. You can request to exercise your information, access and deletion rights by:
calling us toll free on 1-866-I-OPT-OUT and entering service code 253# to leave us a message.
emailing
privacy@outbrain.com
Right to opt-out of the “sale” of your Personal Information
. We do not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). However, like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you. California law classifies our use of these services as a “sale” of your Personal Information to the companies that provide the services. This is because we allow them to collect information from our website users (e.g., online identifiers and browsing activity) so they can help serve ads more likely to interest you. To opt-out from this “sale”, click on this
link
which will take you to our Interest Profile where you can opt out of personalised recommendations.
We will need to confirm your identity and California residency to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it.
(c) Personal information that we collect, use and share
The chart below summarizes how we collect, use and share Personal Information by reference to the statutory categories specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. Categories in the chart refer to the categories described above in the general section of this Privacy Policy.
Outbrain User Type
Statutory category of personal information (PI)
(click for details)
Source of the PI
Purpose for collection
How we may share, disclose or “sell” information.
Site Visitors
Identifiers
Online Identifiers
Geolocation Data
Inferences
Internet or Network Information
Site Visitor
See Section 2(a) (Site Visitors).
See Section 2(c) (Site Visitors).
Users
Identifiers
Online Identifiers
Geolocation Data
Inferences
Internet or Network Information
Users
See Section 2(a) (Users).
See Section 2(c) (Users).
Business Partners
Identifiers
Financial Information
Business Partners
See Section 2(a) (Business Partners).
See Section 2(c) (Business Partners).
8. “Do Not Track” Disclosure
Some browsers transmit Do Not Track (DNT) signals to websites. Because there is no common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Outbrain does not currently alter, change, or respond to DNT requests or signals from these browsers. We will continue to monitor industry activity in this area and reassess our DNT practices as necessary. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving personalized recommendations in the Users section.
9. EU-US Data Protection Framework (DPF) Participation
Outbrain complies with the
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF)
, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Outbrain has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Outbrain has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Please click
here
to view our certification.
10. Complaint and Dispute Resolution Procedure under the DPF
Outbrain’s internal complaints mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Outbrain commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Outbrain at:
DPO@outbrain.com
You may have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority of your country of residence. If you live in the UK, you can make a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
at this address
. If you live in the EU, you can find the relevant data protection authority
here
. To submit a complaint to the FTC, click
here
.
Independent Recourse Mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Outbrain commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF to Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
JAMS
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Please contact or visit the
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Outbrain’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Arbitration
You may also be able to invoke binding arbitration for unresolved complaints but prior to initiating such arbitration, a resident of a European country (including Switzerland) participating in the DPF must first:
(1) contact us and afford us the opportunity to resolve the issue;
(2) seek assistance from
JAMS
(an independent recourse mechanism); and
(3) contact the U.S. Department of Commerce (either directly or through a European Data Protection Authority) and afford the Department of Commerce time to attempt to resolve the issue.
If such a resident invokes binding arbitration, each party shall be responsible for its own attorney’s fees. Please be advised that, pursuant to the DPF, the arbitrator(s) may only impose individual-specific, non-monetary, equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the DPF Principles with respect to the resident. The arbitration option may not be invoked if the individual’s same claimed violation of the Principles
(1) has previously been subject to binding arbitration;
(2) was the subject of a final judgement entered in a court action to which the individual was a party; or
(3) was previously settled by the parties.
For more details, please click
here
.
European Individual Rights Under The
DPF
Outbrain must provide you:
Information on the types of personal data collected
Information on the purposes of collection and use
Information on the type or identity of third parties to which your personal data is disclosed
Choices for limiting use and disclosure of your personal data
Access to your personal data
Notification of the organization’s liability if it transfers your personal data
Notification of the requirement to disclose your personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities
Reasonable and appropriate security for your personal data
A response to your complaint within 45 days
Cost-free independent dispute resolution to address your data protection concerns
The ability to invoke binding arbitration to address any complaint that the organization has violated its obligations under the DPF Principles to you and that has not been resolved by other means
OUTBRAIN’S
LIABILITY IN CASES OF ONWARD TRANSFERS TO THIRD PARTIES
In the context of an onward transfer, Outbrain has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Outbrain remains liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Outbrain proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
11. How This Privacy Policy May Change
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will place a prominent notice that will be visible to you as a Site Visitor or Business Partner, but we do not have a means of advising Users of an update by way of notice. You should check back here periodically to see if the Privacy Policy has been updated as we will always show the date of the latest modification of the Privacy Policy at the top of the page so you can tell when it was last revised.
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email at
dpo@outbrain.com
or use the contact details below.
Contact us
General questions
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy you may contact us at:
Outbrain Inc.
111 West 19th Street
3rd Floor
New York, NY 10011, USA
Attn: Privacy questions
Email:
privacy@outbrain.com
or
dpo@outbrain.com
You may also contact your local data protection authority. A list of local data protection authorities is available
here
.
Your preferences about cookies
This website uses cookies, some of which are strictly necessary for this website to operate correctly, some of which are designed to improve your experience or give us aggregated analytics about our visitors (functional and performance cookies) and some of which are for advertising, marketing and targeting purposes. You are able to make your choice below by accepting all cookies or disabling all cookies (except for strictly necessary cookies). To review your options, please click on “Cookies Settings''. For more information about how Outbrain processes your personal data and uses cookies, or to review your choices later, please refer to
Outbrain’s Privacy Policy.
Reject All
Accept Cookies
Cookies Settings
Sub-policy 3
http://www.rubiconproject.com/privacy/consumer-online-profile-and-opt-out/:
User Choice Portal
Last Updated: September 30, 2024
Table of Contents:
Opt out & Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
How to Request Access, Correction, or Deletion
How to find your Device Identifier
OPT OUT OF TARGETED ADVERTISING, “SALES,” “SHARING” & USE OF SENSITIVE INFORMATION
As explained in our Advertising Technology Privacy Policy, Magnite’s disclosure and use of User Information may sometimes constitute a “sale,” “share,” “targeted advertising,” or use of sensitive personal information in a manner that requires that we provide a right to limit such use under applicable law.  In addition, our clients may use our technology to buy or sell personal information as defined by these various laws. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for these purposes, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Note that different devices use different identifiers and different technologies, so that you must opt out separately from each browser and each device that you would like the opt out to apply. If you opt out, we will no longer process or disclose User Information from the opted-out device for targeted advertising purposes or otherwise in a manner that would result in a “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information as defined under applicable law, and we won’t use your sensitive personal information for advertising purposes.
Further, in some countries, our clients are required to ask for your consent before they use our advertising technologies to process personal information.  In those cases, we will not use our advertising technologies to process personal information if they have told us that you do not consent to such collection and processing.  However, if you have consented and now wish to change your mind, you can opt out by using our opt-out tool below. You may also use the tool below to reject to processing on the basis of legitimate interest.
Web Browsers
If you would like to opt out of advertising targeted based on your web browsing activity on this browser, click the box below and then click “OK”:
﻿
﻿
﻿
You can also opt out by visiting this page or the pages of our Client’s websites if you have enabled a legally-recognized global preference signal, such as the GPC.  In addition, you can opt out of the use of your browser information for behavioral advertising purposes by using any of the following mechanisms:
Magnite is a member of the NAI and adhere to the NAI’s Code of Conduct. You can therefore opt out of targeted advertising by NAI participating companies, including Magnite, by visiting the NAI’s opt-out page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Magnite adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (
“DAA”
) Self-Regulatory Principles. You can opt out of targeted advertising by companies that adhere to the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles, including Magnite, by visiting the DAA’s opt-out page at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
Magnite adheres to the European Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“EDAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles. Users located in the UK and the European Union, can opt out of targeted advertising by companies that adhere to the EDAA Self-Regulatory Principles, including Magnite, by visiting the EDAA’s opt-out page at
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
When you opt out on your browser, we will place a cookie on your device that records your choice. If you change browsers or devices, or delete the cookies on your device, you will need to opt out again.
Finally, with respect to any third party companies or clients that we work with in connection with delivering advertisement, you can opt out at that company’s website directly
Mobile
Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests. For more information on how to change your preferences, please see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
Connected Televisions
Your Internet connected television (e.g. a smart TV or device that allows you to stream video programing) may give you the ability to opt out of targeted ads.  To determine if your Internet connected television has these options, please visit your device’s settings menu. For more information on how to change your preferences, please see
https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/
.
HOW TO REQUEST ACCESS, CORRECTION, OR DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As explained in our
platform privacy policy
, we do not process information that enables us to directly identify you as an individual. Instead, we collect certain digital identifiers that enable us to recognize your device or your browser (each, a “
Digital Identifier
”).
For that reason, in order for us to act on a request to access, correct, or delete personal information, we need you to provide us with your Digital Identifiers and certain other information.  This is necessary to locate any records we hold about your device or browser, and to help ensure that we only provide personal data to the person about whom such data relates. We use this information only for the purpose of processing your data protection and privacy requests. We explain how to locate your Digital Identifier below. Once you locate your Digital Identifier, you can submit your request by emailing us at
privacy@magnite.com
or at
dpo@magnite.com
.
If you need help, you can also call our data subject hotline at +
1.888.812.3839
.
When you make a request, we may seek to verify your request by asking you to submit certain information, such as a screenshot of your Digital Identifier or certain information about your device or browsing behavior.
HOW TO LOCATE YOUR DIGITAL IDENTIFIERS
Web Browsing
As described in our privacy policy, our advertising technology operates by using text files called “cookies” that are placed on your device. Some of these cookies include a Digital Identifier. To locate these Digital Identifiers, you can search through your cookies for the cookies named “khaos” and “ruid” (which are set from the rubiconproject.com domain) “tvid” (which is set from the tremorhub.com domain) and “fsk_retargeting” (which is set from the freeskreen.com domain). The text in each of these cookies is a separate Digital Identifier.
Please keep in mind that different cookies are placed on each browser that you use to access the Internet. As a result, if you use multiple browsers (for example, Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox), you will need to locate the “khaos”, “ruid”, tvid, and “fsk retargeting” cookies for each browser.
Mobile Devices and other Internet Connected Devices
Additionally, certain mobile devices (for example, mobile phones or tablets using the iOS or Android operating systems) generate a persistent “Advertising Identifier” per device, which, among other things, can be used by third parties, like Magnite, for purposes of providing you with targeted advertising.
On iOS devices, your Advertising Identifier may be referred to as an “IDFA,” or “ID for Advertising.” On Android devices, your Advertising Identifier may be referred to as an “Advertising ID.” Please follow instructions from your mobile device manufacturer on how to locate your specific Advertising Identifier.
Legal
Website Privacy Policy
Advertising Platform Privacy Policy
Legal & Privacy Policies
Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the site. Read our website
privacy policy
and
cookie statement
to learn more.
Deny
Allow Cookies
Close modal
Sub-policy 4
https://www.appnexus.com/fr/platform-privacy-policy:
Microsoft Invest
Microsoft Invest is a demand-side platform built for the future of video advertising. With an integrated platform advantage and a focus on data-driven performance, Invest enables you to engage audiences on all screens and drive business results.
Sign up
Benefits of Microsoft Invest
Integrated Platform Advantage
Technology designed to maximize digital investments.
Data-Driven Performance
Intelligent, customizable data solutions that power campaign performance.
Built for the Future of Video
Enabling buyers to engage the audience – not the device.
Key features of Microsoft Invest
Deal buying
Exclusive audiences
Planner
Premium CTV
Deal buying from our Inventory library
An intuitive and graphics-based approach to deal discovery and activation, offering access to curated premium deal catalogs and more visibility into deal inventory than you’ve ever had before.
Discover exclusive curated catalogs created by premium data owners and available off-the-shelf to reach audiences at scale.
Exclusive audiences
Reach more than a billion
1
users with Microsoft’s valuable audiences, including millions you may not be reaching anywhere else.
Planner
Gain confidence in campaign planning, focusing on the data that matters to you before you go live.
Pairing Invest with Planner allows you to: plan cross-channel, boost digital investments, find the right audience and discover premium inventory, eliminate planning and buying silos.
Premium CTV marketplace, featuring Netflix
Engage audiences on all screens and drive business results by tapping into our marketplace for premium inventory, from our direct publishers on Monetize or through our robust integrations with all major SSPs​.
Case study
GroupM – Microsoft Audiences
The road to rave results: How GroupM powered a Continental Tires campaign leveraging Microsoft’s audience intelligence.
Learn more
Case study
Open up new advertising opportunities with Microsoft Invest
Existing customers are encouraged to reach out to their account managers.
Sign up
Frequently asked questions
End-to-end platform with a buy and sell-side tech infrastructure offering increased efficiency, such as 100% DSP-to-SSP match rates, campaign delivery stability, bid shading applied to all bids, and no discrepancy fees, allowing for competitive and transparent take-rates.
Ability for buyers to build custom bidding algorithms to replace or complement existing optimization, using our Data Science Toolkit.
Open and well-documented Enterprise APIs allow buyers to build their proprietary solution on top of our platform, using our robust log-level data offering.
Direct and expanded access to Curate’s deal library – including curated deals from external SSPs
A future-proof, multidimensional approach to solve identity.
Direct supply and far-reaching integrations with leading supply partners globally.
A buy and sell-side tech infrastructure that delivers 100% DSP-to-SSP match rates, campaign delivery stability, bid shading applied to all bids at no cost, and no discrepancy fees, allowing for competitive – and transparent – take-rates.
Expansive investments in supply chain transparency, in-house and partnered holistic brand safety solutions, and efficient supply strategy and decisioning through duplication analysis, harnessing years of data science and impression-level data analysis.
Flexible ways to transact through outcome-based buying, Programmatic Guaranteed, and sophisticated deal curation capabilities.
Microsoft Invest offers exclusive access to Microsoft’s in-market and demographic audience segments, to reach more than one billion users programmatically.
Microsoft Invest offers a range of intelligent and customizable data solutions to power campaign performance.
A choice of identity solutions that combine trusted consumer relationships, unique audiences and a flexible identity suite to help you reach the audiences that matter.
Exclusive privacy-safe consumer data sets, including search and web activity from Bing and our browser Microsoft Edge, LinkedIn professional profiles and demographics - to access highly engaged audiences and reach 1 billion users including millions you may not be reaching anywhere else.
Ability to activate advertiser first-party data and access tailored, detailed insights that will inform your buying strategy.
Support of major industry ID solutions, in complement to first-party ID solutions to optimize campaign reach and precision.
Access to a data marketplace of more than 40+ global data partners to inform behavioral and contextual strategies.
More than a decade-long track record of powering advanced buyers with the most customizable enterprise solutions.
Out-of-the-box optimization and inventory recommendation powered by machine learning, along with intuitive UI-based customization options.
A Data Science toolkit provides unique tools to deploy custom bidding algorithms and measurement solutions tailored to business outcomes.
Invest has a variety of capabilities that enable you to engage the audience, not the device, helping you reach the goals that matter most.
Robust video and CTV feature set including video KPI optimization and reporting and video inventory recommendations to discover relevant premium video inventory to maximize the reach and performance of your campaigns.
Expansive CTV publisher supply and 3rd-party integrations with leading CTV partners to reach audiences on every screen.
Streamlined access to a wide range of Microsoft or third-party curated deals.
Increased functionality focused on getting campaigns running faster; troubleshooting and monitoring; expanded optimization and tailored reporting.
Flexible support offerings and services with ongoing support/troubleshooting for managed serviced, self-serve.
Training programs that include in-person training and E-learning curriculums.
[1] 2023 Microsoft Invest first-party data.
Xandr Platform Privacy Policies
Xandr Digital platform cookie policy
Xandr Political advertising
Your input makes us better
Take our quick 3-minute survey and help us transform your website experience.
Take survey
Dismiss
Sub-policy 5
http://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/:
Welcome to the Index Exchange Privacy Center
We are committed to protecting your privacy and treating your personal information, personal data, or the equivalent term in your region (collectively,
Personal Data
) with transparency, care, and respect. Unless otherwise specified, any reference to
Index Exchange
,
we
, or our in the policies, notices, and other web links referenced in the Privacy Center means Index Exchange Inc., and its direct and indirect global subsidiaries.
Exchange Platform
The ‘Exchange Platform Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to our advertising exchange platform; it explains
what Personal Data we collect
and
why
, and how we use or
share
your Personal Data. For example, if you receive an ad on your web browser that was delivered with the help of our technology, the ‘Exchange Platform Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to you.
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE NOTICE
Website and Corporate
The ‘Website and Corporate Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to our corporate activities; it explains
what Personal Data we collect
and
why
, and how we use or
share
your Personal Data. For example, if you visit our corporate website or apply to one of our job postings, the ‘Website and Corporate Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to you.
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE NOTICE
Your Privacy Rights
It is important to Index Exchange to ensure that you understand your privacy rights and how to make choices about your Personal Data. To learn more about how you can request access to and make decisions about the Personal Data we may collect, use, or share about you, please visit:
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
About Us
Index Exchange is a global digital advertising marketplace. Our technology (the
Index Exchange Platform
) helps our clients deliver advertising to you. The Index Exchange Platform hosts digital auctions that help our clients buy and sell online ads (collectively, our
Platform Services
). These ads can be found on websites, mobile applications (
Apps
), or video programming services, such as streaming apps on Smart TVs (collectively,
Digital Properties
).
As with any exchange platform, we act as an intermediary between buyers and sellers. Throughout this Policy, we refer to our clients that sell ad space as
Publishers
. Publishers own or operate the Digital Properties you may use or visit. We refer to clients that buy ad space (for example, advertisers) as
Buyers
. Buyers may include Demand-Side Platforms (
DSP
), Data Management Platforms (
DMPs
) and other partners (collectively,
Demand-Side Partners
). Demand-Side Partners act as additional intermediaries in the digital advertising supply chain that connect advertisers to Index Exchange to serve relevant ads to you on the Publisher Digital Properties you visit. Demand-Side Partners liaise with other Buyers, which also include advertisers (for example, brands), advertising agencies, and ad networks (collectively,
Ad Partners
). In summary, Index Exchange and Demand-Side Partners act as intermediaries that connect Ad Partners with Publishers to deliver relevant digital ads to you.
Learn more about us
Contact
Privacy Team at Index Exchange
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about the above or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@indexexchange.com
or at:
Attn: Index Exchange c/o Privacy
8 Spadina Avenue, Suite 2600, Toronto, Ontario
M5V0S8 Canada
Data Protection Officer
You can also contact our DPO at
gdpr@legalarmy.net
or at:
Attn: Index Exchange Data Protection Officer
Legal Army, S.L., B88103700
Calle Princesa 31, Piso 5, Puerta A1, Madrid, Spain, 28008
Sub-policy 6
https://www.spotx.tv/privacy-policy/:
Advertising Platform Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 30, 2024
Table of Contents
:
About Us
How We Collect User Information
Information Our Clients and Vendors Collect Independently
Use of User Information
Cooperation with Clients in the European Union
Information We Collect, Use, Disclose, and the Purposes for such Disclosure
Your Privacy Rights & Choices
Additional Information for Residents of Certain States
Information Retention
Security
Self-regulatory mechanisms
Data Transfers and EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and Swiss-U.S Data Privacy Principles
Changes to this Policy
Contact Us
This policy explains how Magnite, Inc. (“
Magnite
,”
we
” or “
us
”) collects, uses and discloses information about you when you interact with Digital Media Properties (defined below) that use our advertising technology platforms and related services to deliver you ads (collectively, the “
Services”)
.
This privacy policy does not govern (i) the collection and use of information about visitors to our
website
, or (ii) information collected in the course of our sales and marketing activities. Our privacy practices as to that information can be found
here
.
This policy also does not govern the collection, use and disclosure of information by our clients through their Digital Media Properties, the activities of other third parties we may work with, or any activities where we act as a service provider or processor to our clients rather than a data controller. Those practices are governed by our clients’ own privacy policies.
About Us
Magnite offers Services that connect buyers of advertising inventory (which we refer to as advertisers) with sellers of advertising inventory (which we refer to as publishers), providing such buyers with the opportunity to display an advertisement on a seller’s Digital Media Property. In this policy, we refer to our buyers and sellers collectively as “
Clients
”. Our platform is used to deliver digital advertising inventory on websites and applications across Internet-connected devices and platforms, including mobile devices, computers and internet-connected TVs (which we collectively refer to as “
Digital Media Properties
”).
How We Collect User Information
We (and our service providers) use different technologies (collectively “
Tracking Technologies
”), including cookies and other similar technologies to collect information automatically from your device when you visit a Digital Media Property that uses our technology.
When doing so, we collect certain information about you and your device (collectively, “
User Information
”). User Information does not include information that directly identifies an individual, such as name, address, phone number, or email address. However, the User Information we collect is considered “personal data” or “personal information” under applicable privacy and data protection laws.
In particular, we collect information such as your IP address, cookie data, and other device identifiers, and may also assign new identifiers to your device or browser based on this data and other device-related information we collect as described in more detail
here
. These identifiers help us to recognize a particular device without knowing the identity of the user of that device. This helps us, our Clients, and our partners (such as third party advertising platforms) select appropriate advertisements to display to you.
Information Our Clients and Vendors Collect Independently
We collaborate with various third-parties for analytics and advertising services, which independently gather and use User Information. These third-party services provide our Clients with additional ways to deliver targeted ads using our technology.
For example, third-party companies may use data about your visits to Digital Media Properties across multiple devices or browsers to create advertising profiles that allow advertisers to deliver more personalized content and ads. Our advertiser clients can combine this data with the information we collect to deliver targeted ads or create audience segments for advertising on Digital Media Properties. Our Clients and their vendors may use their own tags, pixels, cookies, or similar technologies within ads and on certain third-party platforms and Digital Media Properties. We are not responsible for the tracking technologies or privacy practices of our Clients or their vendors.
Please review our
Platform Cookie Statement
for more information.
Use of User Information
We and our Clients use User Information to guide decisions on buying and selling advertising space on Digital Media Properties. This data, which may also be combined with information from third-party services, helps deliver targeted ads that our Clients believe will interest specific users. When an ad is shown on a publisher’s site, it may also be targeted based on the content that you are viewing or have viewed, for example a travel ad appearing on a travel site. Tracking Technologies help to match client’s advertising opportunities with the right advertisements. To do so, we may perform cookie syncing between Clients, Magnite, third party data provider and/or advertiser client cookies. This cookie synching process allows the parties to map their respective cookie information. For example, if publisher A sets a cookie on a user’s device with an ID 12345 and advertiser B sets a cookie on the same user’s device with an ID 67890, cookie synching would enable publisher A and advertiser B to recognize that ID 12345 and ID 67890 relate to the same user’s device. In the case of advertisers, cookie syncing may influence the decision whether to bid on a specific advertising opportunity, because if an advertiser recognizes a given cookie ID it may place a higher value on that opportunity.
We also use these technologies to prevent users from seeing the same ad repeatedly, enhance ad delivery, report to clients, and assess ad effectiveness.
This processing may constitute “targeted advertising” under some laws and the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information under other laws.
Cooperation with Clients in the European Union
In the European Union, we and our Clients may act in limited circumstances as joint controllers under the GDPR for the collection of User Information on Digital Media Properties. In this case, this joint controllership is limited to setting and collecting identifiers and User Information on the Digital Media Properties and transmitting this information to us (“
Joint Processing
“). Further processing of your information is our sole responsibility and we act as an independent controller.
We have put contractual arrangements in place with our Clients that set out the distribution of responsibilities between us and our Client. Accordingly, our Clients establish the necessary legal basis for this Joint Processing by obtaining consent on the Digital Media Properties and providing the required transparency information. We and our Clients cooperate to fulfill our obligations under the GDPR, especially regarding collaboration with data protection authorities.
If you wish to exercise your rights under the GDPR concerning Joint Processing, please contact us via the
User Choice Portal
.
Information We Collect, Use, Disclose, and the Purposes for such Disclosure:
Types of data we collect:
Device Characteristics
: device identifiers, IP address, authentication-derived identifiers such as hashed email, probabilistic identifiers and other advertising identifiers.
Browsing and Interaction Data
: information about the domain, topic or name of the property, the date/time of visits, the search terms you enter, visitor activities and actions, viewability data, the video title, video player size, description or category being displayed, click data, types of advertisements viewed, type of browser you use, app version, and the page you visited before navigating to the Digital Media Properties.
User’s Profiles, User behavior data, derived information
: user demographics, information with respect to a user’s preferences, patterns, click and video interactions, behaviors or interests, and information provided to us by advertisers and advertising platforms to match an advertisement opportunity offered by our Clients with the right advertisement.
When you visit Digital Media Properties that use our technology, we collect, use and disclose the following information to the listed recipients for the indicated purposes:
Category & Types of User Information we collect
Categories of Recipients
We may disclose personal information to…
Purposes
We use personal information to…
Device characteristics
• Our Clients;
• Magnite Affiliates;
• Our vendors and service providers;
• Our Partners;
• In connection with a business transfer;
• Law enforcement or others in legal proceeding;
• To protect the rights of Magnite or others.
• Select advertising using limited data;
• Create profiles for personalised advertising;
• Use profiles to select personalised advertising;
• Create profiles to personalise content;
• Measure advertising performance;
• Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
• Develop and improve services;
• Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors;
• Deliver and present advertising and content;
• Save and communicate privacy choices.
Browsing and Interaction Data
Non-precise Location data
User’s Profiles, User behavior data, derived information
Precise Location Data (which is “sensitive personal information” under certain State Privacy Laws)
Category & Types of User Information we collect
Device characteristics
Browsing and Interaction Data
Non-precise Location data
User’s Profiles, User behavior data, derived information
Precise Location Data (which is “sensitive personal information” under certain State Privacy Laws)
Categories of Recipients
We may disclose personal information to…
• Our Clients;
• Magnite Affiliates;
• Our vendors and service providers;
• Our Partners;
• In connection with a business transfer;
• Law enforcement or others in legal proceeding;
• To protect the rights of Magnite or others.
Purposes
We use personal information to…
• Select advertising using limited data;
• Create profiles for personalised advertising;
• Use profiles to select personalised advertising;
• Create profiles to personalise content;
• Measure advertising performance;
• Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
• Develop and improve services;
• Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors;
• Deliver and present advertising and content;
• Save and communicate privacy choices.
Our Legal Basis For Processing
In the European Economic Area we rely on different legal bases to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For each purpose below, we describe the legal basis for our processing.
The categories and types of User Information we collect and process are found in the
above chart along with the third parties that we share this data with
. All of the User Information listed is processed for all purposes listed above.
Purposes
Legal basis
If we rely on Legitimate Interest(s) these are
Use limited data to select advertising
Consent or Legitimate Interest according to the choice of our Clients (see the information in the CMP of our Client).
To connect connect buyers of advertising inventory (advertisers) with sellers of advertising inventory (publishers) without personal data.
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Consent
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Consent
Create profiles to personalise content
Consent
Use profiles to select personalised content
Consent
Measure advertising performance
Consent or Legitimate Interest according to the choice of our Clients.
To measure the use of our platforms to inform business decisions and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Measure content performance
Consent or Legitimate Interest according to the choice of our Clients.
To measure the use of our platforms to inform business decisions and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Consent
Develop and improve services
Consent or Legitimate Interest according to the choice of our Clients.
To evaluate the use of the services and adoption of new features to inform the development of future features and improve product direction and development.
Use limited data to select content
Consent
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Legitimate Interest
To secure our systems and detect and investigate threats, infringement, harmful or unlawful activities and promote safety, integrity and security on our platforms.
Deliver and present advertising and content
Legitimate Interest
To connect connect buyers of advertising inventory (advertisers) with sellers of advertising inventory (publishers).
Save and communicate privacy choices
Legitimate Interest
To be able to save and communicate privacy choices reflecting Users choices, including their privacy settings.
Purposes
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Measure advertising performance
Measure content performance
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Develop and improve services
Use limited data to select content
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Deliver and present advertising and content
Save and communicate privacy choices
Legal basis
Consent or Legitimate Interest according to the choice of our Clients (see the information in the CMP of our Client).
Consent
Consent
Consent
Consent
Consent or Legitimate Interest according to the choice of our Clients.
Consent or Legitimate Interest according to the choice of our Clients.
Consent
Consent or Legitimate Interest according to the choice of our Clients.
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Legitimate Interest
Legitimate Interest
If we rely on Legitimate Interest(s) these are
To connect connect buyers of advertising inventory (advertisers) with sellers of advertising inventory (publishers) without personal data.
To measure the use of our platforms to inform business decisions and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
To measure the use of our platforms to inform business decisions and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
To evaluate the use of the services and adoption of new features to inform the development of future features and improve product direction and development.
To secure our systems and detect and investigate threats, infringement, harmful or unlawful activities and promote safety, integrity and security on our platforms.
To connect connect buyers of advertising inventory (advertisers) with sellers of advertising inventory (publishers).
To be able to save and communicate privacy choices reflecting Users choices, including their privacy settings.
Some jurisdictions may require consent in order to collect and process personal data. In all situations where you have been specifically asked by our partners or by us for your consent prior to processing, we may rely on that consent until you withdraw it. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your User Information, we will obtain such consent in accordance with applicable law.
In some cases, we may need to process your User Information because we are required to do so by law.
In other cases, we may rely on our legitimate interests to collect User Information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Opt-Out
Depending upon where you live, certain activities described
here
may constitute “sharing” “selling” or processing of User Information for purposes of “targeted advertising” as such terms are defined under certain privacy laws. You may opt out of these activities, as well as certain processing of sensitive personal information we may undertake by following the instructions in our
User Choice Portal
.
Note that because these opt outs are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt out on each browser and device.
Access, Deletion, Correction, Portability, Withdrawal of consent
In addition, depending on where you reside and other legal limitations, you may have the right to (i) request to know more about and access the categories and specific pieces of User Information we collect, use, and disclose, (ii) request deletion or restriction of your personal information, (iii) request correction of inaccurate personal information, (iv) obtain your User Information in a portable format and/or (v) if the processing of User Information is based on your consent, withdraw your consent at any time
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please see our
User Choice Portal
for instructions on how to do so.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising these rights. Note that when you exercise your rights, we may ask for additional information to verify your request.
Right to Lodge a Complaint if you are a User in the EEA, UK, and Switzerland
:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of personal data with a European Data Protection Authority. For contact details of EU data protection authorities, please see
here
. The UK data protection authority can be contacted
here
. The Swiss data protection authority can be contacted
here
.
Y
our Rights under certain State Laws
If you are a resident of a state governed by a
State Privacy Law
, please see our
User Choice Portal
section above to exercise your rights. If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us
here
. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
Depending upon where you live, you may also submit a rights request through an authorized agent. If you do so, the agent must present signed written permission to act on your behalf and you may also be required to independently verify your identity. If you are agent seeking to make a request, please contact us
here
.
Additional Information for Residents of Certain States
Certain states, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia, have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require additional disclosures (“
State Privacy Laws
”). If you are a resident of a state governed by a State Privacy Law this section applies to you. This section also serves as our California Notice at Collection. As a reminder, disclosures do not apply to the extent we act as a service provider or processor to our clients. In such cases, you must visit the privacy policies of our clients to understand how data is processed about you and to exercise your rights.
This policy explains how
we collect
(including the
sources
of collection),
use
,
disclose
, and
retain
information about you in connection with our platforms. As required by certain State Privacy Laws,
refer to this table
to explain this same information, including the categories of personal information we collect, the types of entities to which we disclose it, and the ways we use each category of information. The table explains our practices today and over the preceding 12 months.
In some cases, we may de-identify personal information so that it no longer identifies you and use this information for purposes like analyzing the effectiveness of the Services. We will use this information in de-identified form and we will not attempt to reidentify it, unless required by law
We do not knowingly sell or share personal information about consumers under the age of 16, or the permitted legal age, where older.
Annual Request Statistics
During the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, we received the following number of requests from individuals:
Requests to know from individuals in the United States: 15 requests. We processed the requests within an average timeframe of 5 days; however, these requests were denied because we were unable to verify the identity of the individual making the request.
Requests to delete from individuals globally, inclusive of the US and other countries: 26 requests, and we processed these requests within an average timeframe of 5 days; however, these requests were denied as we did not have any information relating to the individual’s information making the request.
Requests to opt out from individuals, globally: we honor users’ requests to opt out of interest-based advertising and any potential sales of personal information, as explained in this Policy. We received 2,258,275 requests to opt out, and these requests were completed in approximately real time.
Information Retention
We store the User Information we collect for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it, or for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, or other compliance obligations.
We typically store the User Information we collect from your device, such as IP address and other information described above, in our systems for up to 90 days before we anonymize and aggregate that data into summary reports.
Security
We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. Please note, however, that no transmission or storage of information can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure.
Self-regulatory mechanisms
To note, Magnite participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its specifications and policies. Magnite’s identification number(s) within the framework are 52 (DV+), 202 (Magnite CTV), 293 (SpringServe), and 493 (Magnite Carbon AI).
Magnite is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the
NAI educational page
.
Finally, Magnite adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles, and the European Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“EDAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles.
Data Transfers and EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and Swiss-U.S Data Privacy Principles:
Magnite is a global company headquartered in the United States, with offices and data centers around the world). If you access Digital Media Properties, your data may be transferred to, stored and processed by us in countries outside the United States, and by those third parties with whom we may share your User Information (as described in this policy) in the countries in which they operate.
Some countries may not provide a level of data protection for User Information that is equivalent to the data protection laws in your country. We will however implement appropriate safeguards where Magnite group of companies, or any third parties with whom we share data, receive User Information originating from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.
Magnite, Inc. and its US subsidiary, Magnite Hopper, Inc., commit to comply with the EU-US, the UK extension and Swiss-US Data Privacy Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce with respect to personal information concerning individuals from the EEA, UK and Switzerland. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles shall govern.
If you would like to learn more about the safeguards we put in place for international transfers, please see our
Data Privacy Framework Notice
to learn more or contact us using the contact details further below.
Changes to this Policy
We may update this policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you of any material changes by posting the revised policy on this website, and where necessary, by any other means required by applicable law.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact Magnite’s Privacy Team by e-mail at
privacy@magnite.com
or by post using the details provided below:
1250 Broadway, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10001
You can also contact Magnite’s Data Protection Officer at
dpo@magnite.com
.
If you are based in the EU you can contact our EU Representative:
Magnite@lionheartsquared.eu
Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd (FAO – Magnite),
2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32,
Dublin, DO2 EK84, Republic of Ireland.
Legal
Website Privacy Policy
Advertising Platform Privacy Policy
Legal & Privacy Policies
Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the site. Read our website
privacy policy
and
cookie statement
to learn more.
Deny
Allow Cookies
Close modal
Sub-policy 7
https://privacy.eu.criteo.com/:
Protecting your privacy and putting you in control of your ad experience is important to us.
Control the ads you see
If you choose to turn ad personalization off, Criteo will no longer show you ads based on your interests. Instead, you'll see ads that may not be relevant or useful for you.
The organizations below help you manage your privacy preferences across many technology providers, including Criteo:
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and/or
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) if you live in the US
EDAA
(YourOnlineChoices) if you live within the EU
Sub-policy 8
https://liveramp.com/privacy/:
Data is a powerful tool. At LiveRamp, we believe a culture of accountability is essential to success in a data-driven world.
Read our Privacy Notices
Where required, we maintain privacy notices for various business purposes and multiple regions or regulatory jurisdictions of the world. The choices available to an individual may vary within these areas based on local laws and customs. Our full list of privacy notices is available on this page. Please select a privacy notice below to
understand what information we collect, how the information is used and what choices you have to protect your information.
General Privacy Notices
Product and Service Privacy Notice
(How we handle data within our databases when we are the business or controller.)
Web and Business Representative Privacy Notice
(How we handle data on this website and collected from corporate activities and events.)
Specific Country or U.S. State Privacy Notices
North America
California Privacy Notice
(How we handle personal data for California residents.)
Mexico Privacy Notice
(How we handle personal data for Mexico residents.)
Asia-Pacific
Australia Privacy Policies
Japan
European Union and United Kingdom
UK
France
Germany
Italy
Netherlands
Spain
Security
In addition to our privacy notices, we maintain strict security policies and procedures. See our
Data Security Knowledge Base page
for details.
Your Privacy Choices
You may have certain legal rights with respect to data. These rights may include the right of access, deletion, limiting the use of or correction of personal data. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, if they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. We will inform you of any relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
Select the appropriate link below to exercise your rights:
Universal LiveRamp Opt Out Tools
United States Your Privacy Choices portal
Asia Pacific Countries (except Australia), email
apaclegal@liveramp.com
Australia Your Rights portal
Canada Your Rights portal
EEA Countries
The UK Your Rights Portal
France
residents, email dpo.de@liveramp.com
Germany residents
,
email privacy.de@liveramp.com
Spain
residents, email privacy.es@liveramp.com
Italy
residents, email privacy.it@liveramp.com
Belgium residents, email privacy.be@liveramp.com
The Netherlands residents, email privacy.nl@liveramp.com
Mexico Your Rights portal
Sub-policy 9
https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Learn more about our path to Net-Zero at
openx.com/sustainability
Home
»
Privacy Center
»
OpenX Ad Exchange Privacy Policy
OpenX Ad Exchange Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 11, 2025
Introduction
What personal data do we collect?
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
How can you opt out of interest-based advertising?
What are cookies and how do we use them?
What choices and rights do you have with respect to the data we process?
How long do we retain your personal data?
What if we update this privacy policy?
How can you contact us?
1. Introduction
OpenX (“
OpenX
“, “
we
“, “
us
” or “
our
“) runs an advertising exchange (the “
Ad Exchange
”).  This means that we connect companies that offer advertising space on their websites, mobile applications, or connected television applications (called “
Publishers
” in this Privacy Policy) with brands, advertising agencies, and demand side platforms (called “
Advertising Partners
” in this Privacy Policy) looking to purchase that advertising space in order to advertise their products or services to consumers like you.
We know you may have questions and concerns about who is collecting your data, how your data is used, and how Publishers and Advertising Partners seem to know which products and services you may be interested in as you engage online.  We’ve designed this Privacy Policy to help answer those questions with respect to the data that flows through our systems, and to make sure you know how to take action to prevent or limit our collection and use of your data for interest-based advertising (sometimes called “targeted advertising” or “cross-context behavioral advertising”) if you choose to do so by clicking
here
.
We encourage you to read the whole Privacy Policy, because it provides important information about how we may process your data, and the choices or rights you may have with respect to our processing of your data.  In the meantime, here are some key takeaways:
We collect data about you from Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers.
This data may include personal information about you such as your device identifiers, location, browsing history, and specific interests, and it may be collected from a variety of partners, such as Publishers operating websites and apps.
We use this data to understand your online activity and interests over time so we can serve you relevant ads.
Using cookies and other persistent identifiers that track your online activity, we collect data about you across different websites and apps, and across different devices. So, we may know you visited a website on Monday from your desktop computer to look at a product, returned to the website on Tuesday from your mobile phone to add the product to your check-out basket, and finally completed your purchase of the product on Wednesday from your tablet. We use this data to learn about your interests over time and understand what products and services may be most relevant to you.
We share this data with third parties.
We share the data we collect about you, and the information we learn from it, with the Advertising Partners that use our Ad Exchange to help them decide whether, where, and how to serve (or re-serve) advertisements for particular products or services to you. We may also share some of your data with trusted third party data providers and service providers.
We don’t know your name, but we do know your online identifier.
None of the data we collect or share about you via our Ad Exchange is connected to your clear-text name, contact information, or other information that could directly identify you as an individual.  But, it is connected to the cookies and other persistent identifiers that are affiliated with your unique online activity.  So, while we (and the partners who use our Ad Exchange) may know about the interests and online activity of device ABC123 and use it to serve that device ads as described above, we don’t know that device ABC123 is used by a person with your name.
You can opt out of interest-based advertising.
While we strongly believe that our services help foster a healthy Internet, grow a strong economy, and enhance your online experience, we understand that not everyone wants to receive interest-based (i.e., “targeted” or “cross-context behavioral”) advertisements. You can opt out by clicking
here
or by following the instructions in
this section
.
If you do opt out, you should understand that you may still receive the same amount of advertisements from Advertising Partners using our Ad Exchange (or other ad exchanges) as you engage online.  But, at least for advertisements served via our Ad Exchange to your opted out device(s) or browser(s), none of those advertisements will be tailored to your specific interests over time.
To learn more about our collection, use, and disclosure of your data, and your choices or rights with respect to our processing of your data, please scroll down to read the rest of this Privacy Policy.  If you have any questions as you do, you can always contact us
here
.
As you read our Privacy Policy, please also remember that the Publishers and Advertising Partners you interact with as you engage online and in the real world may have their own privacy policies that govern how they collect and use your data, including when they may share your data with advertising partners like us. These policies and practices may differ from what you read in our Privacy Policy. To fully understand how your data is being collected, used, and shared, you should always carefully read the privacy policy of any website you access, any app you use, and any social network page through which you share information.
2.
What personal data do we collect?
Unless you contact us directly, we do not knowingly collect information that directly identifies you, such as your clear-text (i.e., unhashed) name, physical address, email address, phone number, online usernames, or user passwords. But, we may collect the following categories of personal data about you from Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers that partner with us to serve you advertisements:
Unique online identifiers
These are persistent identifiers that help us identify you across devices and over time, such as your IP address, cookie ID, mobile advertising ID, hashed email address, and user agent string
Online and offline activity and interests (including inferences)
This includes information about your online activity and interests, such as your browsing history and online behavior
This may also include information about your offline activity and interests, such as your purchase history
And, this may include information derived or inferred from your online and offline activity and interests, such as your likelihood to be interested in buying a particular product, using a particular service, or visiting a particular website
Geolocation information
This is information about your or your device’s location, such as your country, region, metro, zip, or postal code, or geographic coordinates, typically as inferred from your IP address
Browser, device, and service information
This is information about the devices you are using to engage online, such as your browser or device type (e.g., Google Chrome, iPhone), screen dimensions, operating system, and preferred language
Ad reporting and delivery information
This is information about the advertisements you have been served and how you interacted with them, such as the size and format of advertisements you were served and whether you clicked on them
As described above, we collect this information primarily using cookies and other persistent identifiers that track your online activity. You can learn more about these technologies in
this section
.
We will also collect your personal data if you visit our website or contact us for any reason, although we will not use this data for advertising via our Ad Exchange. Please view our
Website Privacy Policy
to learn more.
3.
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
Depending on where you live, we may need a valid legal basis to collect, use, and store your personal data. If we do, depending on the circumstances, our valid legal basis may be: (i) that you have given us permission to process your data by consenting to our processing or by choosing not to opt out of our processing after receiving notice of our processing activities (we’ll collectively refer to this legal basis below as “consent”), in which case you can always withdraw your consent or opt out of our processing by contacting us
here
(note, though, that withdrawing or opting out will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before a withdrawal or opt out); (ii) that it is in our legitimate interests to process your data, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations (we’ll refer to this legal basis below as “legitimate interest”); or (iii) that we are legally required to process your data (we’ll refer to this legal basis below as “legal requirement”).
When we are legally allowed to process your personal data, we may do so for the following purposes, with the caveat that some of our processing activities vary depending on where you live:
To facilitate non-interest based advertising
We may help serve you an ad on one of our Publisher’s online properties based solely on information you have provided directly to that Publisher
Our legal basis for this purpose is legitimate interest
To facilitate interest-based advertising
We may help serve you an ad on one of our Publisher’s online properties based on information you have provided to that Publisher, in addition to information we have collected independently or from third parties, including other Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers
You can opt out of interest-based advertising (sometimes called “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising) by clicking
here
Our legal basis for this purpose is consent
To understand your activity and preferences over time
We may use the data we collect (whether directly or from our partners) to learn about your online activity across sites, apps, and devices over time and infer information about your online and real-world preferences (e.g., we may infer that device ABC123 is used by a female in the New York Metro area interested in buying new shoes)
We only maintain information about your activity and preferences for the last 90 days (at most), and we use this information only to improve our ability to serve interest-based advertisements
Although we can’t control our partners’ actions, we also include restrictions in our agreements with our Advertising Partners and third party data providers requiring them to limit their use of this information, to the extent it is shared with them
You can opt out of this kind of data processing, which facilitates interest-based advertising, by clicking
here
Our legal basis for this purpose is consent
To control the content and frequency of ads
Whenever we help serve you an ad, we may use real-time information about the context in which it will be shown to help make sure the ad is relevant to you and delivered in a format that will work on your device
We also take steps designed to make sure that you are being shown a reasonable amount of ads, that those ads do not contain malware and otherwise meet our ad standards, and that you are not receiving the same ads too frequently
Our legal basis for this processing is consent or legitimate interest, depending on the circumstances
To measure ad performance
Whenever we help serve you an ad, we may measure the delivery and performance of the ad to understand whether it displayed correctly; how long you had the opportunity to see it; and how, if at all, you interacted with it
We use this information to provide reporting to our Publishers and Advertising Partners so that they can understand how their ad campaigns are working or can be improved
Our legal basis for this processing is consent or legitimate interest, depending on the circumstances
To build and improve our products, features, and models
We use data to build and improve our products and features, including by building and improving models and algorithms through machine learning
Our legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest
To respond to valid legal requests and protect our legal interests
In rare instances, we may be required to produce your data in response to a valid legal request from a governmental, law enforcement, or other legal entity
It is also possible, although unlikely, that we may need to produce your data to protect our rights and property, or to protect someone’s safety
If we are required to produce your data in either of these circumstances (or any similar circumstances), we will limit our response to the information required to resolve the legal request or situation
Our legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest or legal requirement, depending on the circumstances
When we process your personal data for one of these purposes, we do so in accordance with our robust privacy program, including by taking measures to securely store and transmit your data and by adhering to our
retention limits
.
4.
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
We may disclose the information that we collect about you to the following third parties, for the following reasons:
Advertising Partners and third party data providers
As described throughout this Privacy Policy, we pass data to our Advertising Partners, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can combine this information with other information they have independently collected to determine whether to serve (or re-serve) you an ad, and so that they can understand how well their advertising campaigns are working
We may also pass data to trusted third party data aggregators or data partners, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can combine this information with other information they have independently collected to understand, and in some cases help us understand, your online activity and preferences across sites, apps, and devices over time
Some of these transfers of data may considered “sales” or “sharing” of data under privacy laws applicable to you; you can opt out of any “sales” or “sharing” of data by clicking
here
Service providers
We share certain data with contracted vendors, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can perform functions on our behalf, such as fraud and malware prevention, identification of invalid traffic, and data storage and hosting; a list of our service providers is available
here
Affiliates and potential acquirers
We may share data amongst affiliate companies in the OpenX group for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy; a  list of our affiliates is available
here
We may also share data in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy, including with our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers and with the new owners of the business
Regulators, law enforcement entities, and other legal actors
In rare instances, we may share data with regulatory, governmental, law enforcement, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services, or other legal entities or public authorities in response to a valid legal request, to protect our rights or property, to protect someone’s safety, or to meet national security or law enforcement requirements
If we are required to produce your data to these entities, we will limit our response to the information required to resolve the legal request or situation
International transfers
OpenX complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OpenX has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OpenX has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, OpenX commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over OpenX’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge)
here
.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website
here
, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. In cases of onward transfer to third parties (e.g., instances where OpenX transfers personal data to a third party partner, service provider or an agent which processes such data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles), OpenX is generally liable for the acts of the third party that are in violation of the DPF Principles.
In parallel to adhering to Data Privacy Framework, in the event that personal data collected from a UK or EEA data subject is transferred outside of the UK or the EEA to an organization in a country which is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission or considered adequate as determined by applicable data protection laws, we take additional steps to ensure your personal data is adequately protected (e.g., by way of EU Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses or by relying on other data transfer mechanisms approved under applicable data protection laws). We are also committed to conducting data transfer impact assessments and adopting any supplementary measures required to mitigate any risks to you identified in such an assessment. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be obtained for your review on request by contacting us
here
.
We regularly monitor updates to the Data Privacy Framework and other relevant international data protection standards to ensure continued compliance and promptly implement any required adjustments to our data transfer practices.
5.
How can you opt out of interest-based advertising?
OpenX adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“
DAA
”) Self-Regulatory Principles in the United States (“U.S.”), the European Digital Advertising Alliance (“
EDAA
”) Principles in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), and the IAB Europe OBA Framework.  These principles and framework address interest-based advertising, also called “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising, which our services facilitate.  As described throughout this Privacy Policy, OpenX collects the types of data described in
Section 2
across multiple devices and across websites and apps over time, in order to use and transfer such data to our partners to facilitate  interest-based advertising.
You can request to opt out of our interest-based advertising services – and the interest-based advertising services of other companies that adhere to the principles and framework listed above – by taking the steps listed below. Please remember that even if you take some or all of these steps, some information may still be collected about you as you engage online, and you may still receive the same number of advertisements. But we will not collect or use data collected from your opted out browser or device to tailor the online ads you receive based on data collected over time from different websites, apps, and devices (at least for data collected and advertisements received via our Ad Exchange).
You’ll see that there are multiple steps listed. That’s because, as described throughout this Privacy Policy, interest-based advertising services involve the collection of your data across multiple devices and via multiple mechanisms. As a result, because cookies and other persistent identifiers cannot be read between different browsers or devices, you will need to opt out on each device and browser you use, and may need to take special steps to opt out of the collection of certain kinds of data.
To opt out on a browser (e.g., as you engage on websites):
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
Cookies and similar technologies, like web beacons and pixels, may be used to collect data about you as you browse the web.  If you live in the EEA, you can learn more about and opt out of this kind of data collection by companies, including OpenX, that adhere to the European DAA Principles at
www.youronlinechoices.com
.  If you live outside of the EEA, you can learn more about and opt out of this kind of data collection by companies, including OpenX, that adhere to the DAA’s self-regulatory programs at
https://youradchoices.com/control
. As an opt out alternative, you can also download a browser or extension that supports the Global Privacy Control by visiting
this website
.
Please note
that in order for your opt-out choice to be effective using the DAA’s tools, you must ensure that your browser is first set to accept third-party cookies such as the OpenX opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. Additionally, if you later use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
Local Storage or Cache.
Companies may use the local storage or cache in your browser to collect information about you as you browse the Internet. You can opt-out of this kind of data collection by (1) using any tools provided by your browser to clear local storage and the browser cache, and (2) turning on any “Do Not Track” header setting offered by your browser. Please note that you must complete both of these steps in order to complete the opt out process. As an opt out alternative, you can also download a browser or extension that supports the Global Privacy Control by visiting
this website
.
To opt out on a cell phone or mobile device (as you use mobile apps):
You can opt out of the collection of data for interest-based advertising on your mobile device, for OpenX and other companies participating in industry self-regulation, by downloading the DAA’s AppChoices application from the Android or iOS app store. Alternatively, or if you live outside of the United States (in which case you may not have access to this application), you can turn off the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS settings or turn on the “opt out of interest-based ads” setting in your Android settings to limit the collection of your data for interest-based advertising. You can find additional information and more detailed instructions
here
.
To opt out of the collection of precise location data (as you use your mobile device):
You may wish to opt out of the collection of your precise location data, to the extent Publishers collect and share such data with advertising partners.  This would mean that certain data related to your online activity and general location (such as your city) could be collected, but data indicating your precise location (such as your precise GPS coordinates) could not be collected. You can do this by using the “location services” controls in your mobile device’s settings.
To opt out on a connected television (as you watch TV on apps):
You may be able to opt out of the collection of data for interest-based advertising on your connected or “smart” TV or set top box by visiting your device’s settings menu. You can find additional information and more detailed instructions
here
.
6.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
What are cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your web browser. Cookies are created when your browser loads a particular website. The website sends information to the browser which then creates a text file. This allows the browser to remember the websites you visit, and that information is shared with other parties such as our Advertising Partners. This also allows us to collect information about your browsing habits over time in order to facilitate interest-based advertising and make advertising more relevant to you and your interests, as described throughout this Privacy Policy.
In other words, when you visit a Publisher’s website or a digital property, we may assign a random, unique identifier, specific to OpenX, to your browser or device.  Using that OpenX identifier, our Ad Exchange can automatically recognize your browser or device the next time it visits another website or digital property owned by a Publisher we work with.  This means that, over time, our Ad Exchange can track your online activity to learn about your online browsing behavior and preferences. The Publishers and Advertising Partners we work with can also map their own unique identifiers against our OpenX identifier via a process called “cookie syncing,” so that they can use data they have collected independently on our Ad Exchange. In the case of Advertising Partners, the aggregated insights cookie syncing facilitates may influence their decision to bid (or not bid) on opportunities to advertise products or services to you. For example, certain Advertising Partners may be more willing to serve you an advertisement for a particular product if they know, via insights learned from cookie syncing, that you have seen and clicked on advertisements for the same or similar products in the past.
We also use cookies for frequency capping, meaning that we may use data they collect to limit the number of times you see an advertisement, as well as to help measure the effectiveness of our Advertising Partners’ advertising campaigns. Find out more about the use of cookies on
https://www.aboutidentifiers.org
.
What cookies do we use?
Cookie ‘i’
–
this is the user / market cookie. It includes a random string created to recognize your device for the purpose of delivering advertisements, as well as the timestamp of the string’s creation. By matching this cookie with data collected by Advertising Partners, we and our Advertising Partners can deliver more relevant ads to you. This cookie is stored on your device for 1 year and is refreshed for the next year on each bid request.
Cookie ‘pd’
–
this cookie stores information about which other third parties the user cookie (‘i’ cookie) has been synced with to reduce the amount of user matching done on your device.
This cookie is stored on your device for 15 days.
Cookie ‘OX_dnt’
– this cookie acts as a flag which we set if you indicate that you want to opt-out of interest-based advertising. Please see the information above on opting out of interest-based advertising. This cookie is stored on your device for 5 years.
Third parties
Third parties, such as our Publishers and Advertising Partners, may also serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to facilitate advertising, analytics, and other functions. They may also use information about your visits to different online properties to provide you with more relevant advertisements and measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns. We do not have access to or control over these cookies and encourage you to review the privacy and cookie policies of any companies you engage with online to find out about their data collection practices, including how they may use cookies.
7.
What choices and rights do you have with respect to the data we process?
Depending on the country or state where you live, you have different legal rights with respect to your personal data and how we may process it. We’ve provided more detail on these rights for consumers in the UK/EEA and certain U.S. states below, but you can always contact us
here
to learn more.
UK/EEA based individuals
UK- and EEA-based individuals have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data; to correct, delete or restrict our processing of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data we have collected from you in a structured, machine readable format. In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement).
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority where you live, work or believe a breach has taken place. You’ll find contact details for your data protection authority
here
if you are an EEA based individual or
here
if you are a UK based individual.
If you would like to exercise any of the rights listed above, please reach us
here
.
U.S. based individuals
Residents of certain U.S. states may exercise one or more of the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The right to confirm whether we have processed your personal data.
The
right to know and access, in a portable format that is accessible to you, the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, share, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting, using, sharing, and selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have shared or sold for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared or sold your personal data. Oregon residents also have the right to obtain a list of third parties (other than our service providers) to which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to correct inaccuracies related to the personal data we have collected from or about you.
The right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected from or about you.
The right to opt out of our processing and sharing of your personal data for purposes of interest-based advertising, also called “cross-context behavioral advertising” or “targeted advertising,” which our services facilitate, as well as the right to opt out of our sales of your personal data.
The right not to be discriminated or retaliated against for exercising any of these data rights.
Certain states provide residents with additional rights related to “sensitive” personal data. OpenX may process limited personal data related to children within our Child-Safe Marketplace, and this data may be considered “sensitive” in certain states. You can learn more about data processing within our Child-Safe Marketplace in our
Child-Safe Marketplace Privacy Policy
. Other than as detailed in our Child-Safe Marketplace Privacy Policy, OpenX does not knowingly collect sensitive personal data as a business, data controller, or equivalent entity.
To exercise any of the above rights, please reach us
here
or call us at (855) 231-3834 . You may be asked to submit verifying information in certain circumstances, as described below. Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that we have not fulfilled, you may appeal our decision by contacting us
here
.
Verification Process and Required Information
:
Because most of the information we store is linked only to online identifiers, and cannot identify your name or contact information, we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request. Such additional information may include your online identifier (e.g., your cookie or mobile advertising ID), your state of residence, and some proof that the devices that have the cookie or mobile advertising ID you provide are yours, such as a screenshot of the applicable cookie or of a screen that displays the mobile advertising ID or other documentation that can verify you.
Authorized Agent
:
You may designate an authorized agent to make a data subject request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing written permission to your agent to make the request for you.
Minors’ Personal Data
:
We do not sell the personal data of consumers that we know to be under 18 years of age or share such data for purposes of interest-based advertising (also known as “targeted” or “cross-context behavioral” advertising).
Collection, Sharing, and Sale of Personal Data:
In the last 12 months, we collected the categories of personal data described above in the “
What personal data do we collect?
” section of this Privacy Policy, which correspond to the following categories of personal data under California law: (1) personal and online identifiers; (2) commercial or transactions information; (3) Internet or other electronic network activity information; (4) geolocation information; (4) inferences about your predicted characteristics and preferences; and (5) other information about you that is linked to the “personal information” or “personal data” we collect.
In the last 12 months, we collected these categories of personal data from Publishers, Advertising Partners, service providers (e.g., fraud prevention services), and third party data providers (e.g., consumer data resellers).
In the last 12 months, we collected personal data for our commercial and business purposes, as described in more detail above in the “
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
” section of this Privacy Policy. As described in that section, we sell and share personal data for interest-based advertising purposes (also known as “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising). However, we do not sell or use personal data for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects on you.
In the last 12 months, we sold, shared, or disclosed personal data we collected to the categories of third parties described above in the “
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
” section of this Privacy Policy. In particular, we “sold” (as a “sale” is defined under state privacy laws) or shared for interest-based advertising purposes each category of personal data we collected to Advertising Partners and third party data providers (e.g., consumer data resellers). We also disclosed each category of personal data we collected with our service providers and affiliates as well as, in limited instances, governmental entities for our business purposes.
In the last 12 months, we stored and retained personal data in accordance with the retention periods described below in the “
How long do we retain your personal data
” section of this Privacy Policy.
Information About Past Year’s California Requests:
In 2023, with respect to requests from California residents submitted under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (“
CCPA
”), OpenX:
Received 26 requests to know or access, complied with all of them in an average of 34 days and a median of 42 days, and denied none of them.
Received 32 requests to delete, complied with all of them in an average of 18 days and a median of 23 days, and denied none of them.
Received 58 unique requests to opt-out, complied with all of them in an average of 15 days and a median of 15 days, and denied none of them.
Received 8 requests that did not provide a specific type of request, responded to all of them in an average of 17 days and a median of 17 days, and denied none of them.
In some instances, although we have not denied a request, we cannot fully complete the data subject’s requested action due to an inability to connect the data in our systems to the data provided by the data subject. In such instances, we request additional information from the data subject to attempt to verify the request.
8.
How long do we retain your personal data?
We may keep each data point we collect about you for a maximum of 90 days from the last date that we received it.  For example, if we collect data indicating that you visited a particular website on day 0, we may keep that data until day 90 (at the latest) unless we collect data indicating that you visited that particular website again within that initial 90 day period (in which case, the 90 day clock would reset). For most categories of data, this is limited to 14 days.
Additionally, we’ve set retention limits on the cookies that may be set on your devices. In particular, the market cookie (“i”) used for OpenX’s device recognition is set to remain on your device for a maximum of one year, while the cookie implemented to recognize your opt-out from interest-based advertising is set to last for five years, should you choose to opt out.
9.
What if we update this privacy policy?
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time.  If we do so, we will post the updated policy here and update the “Last Updated” date. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal data.
10.
How can you contact us?
If you are a UK or EEA based individual, the data controller for your personal data is OpenX Poland Sp. z o.o.
If you are a U.S. based individual, the business, data controller, or equivalent entity that controls how your data may be processed is OpenX Technologies Inc.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to contact us for any reason in relation to our personal data processing, you can contact us
here
.
If you are a UK or EEA based individual, you can also reach us at:
OpenX Poland sp. z o.o.
Attention: Legal Department
Aleja 29 Listopada 20
31-401 Krakow
Poland
If you are an U.S. based individual, you can also reach us at:
OpenX Technologies Inc.
Attention: Legal Department
177 E. Colorado Blvd., #3039
Pasadena, CA 91105
United States
You may also contact our data protection officer at
dpo@openx.com
or by calling us at (855) 231-3834.
Sub-policy 10
https://triplelift.com/privacy/:
TripleLift Privacy Center
Last updated March 16, 2021
If you have a disability which prevents you from electronically accessing this policy and require it to be provided in alternative format (e.g., audio, large print), you can send us a message at our
contact
email listed below
Our Privacy Center is designed to provide you with quick and convenient access to essential information about our privacy practices as well as to tools where you can express your preferences.
TripleLift is committed to transparency, and we want you to understand fully how we may collect, use and share information relating to individuals like you and how to access the privacy choices that are available to you.
TripleLift Privacy Policies
To read our full privacy policies describing:
How we collect, use and share personal information on this website and in our corporate activities, please see our
Website and Corporate Privacy Policy here
How we collect, use and share personal information through our advertising technology, please see our
Advertising Technology Platform Privacy Policy here
TripleLift Cookie Statements
To read about how TripleLift uses cookies and similar technologies to collect personal information about individuals:
When you use or interact with our website or in our corporate business activities, see our
Cookie Notice here
In the operation of our advertising technology platform, see our
Advertising Technology Platform Cookie Notice here
TripleLift Opt-Out
There are many ways to opt out of the collection and use of data for advertising which our clients may conduct using our technology.
To express your preferences with respect to the information we may collect or receive about your device in our advertising technology, please visit our Opt-Out
here
.
To find out about alternative ways to opt out, see the section entitled
“Your Choices and Rights”
in our Advertising Technology Platform Privacy Policy.
Contact
Please contact us at the email provided below if you have any additional questions or wish to make a complaint:
About our collection, use and sharing of personal information on this website or in our corporate activities, please email privacy((at))triplelift((dot))com.
About our collection, use and sharing of personal information through our advertising technology, please email platformprivacy((at))triplelift((dot))com.
Sub-policy 11
https://powerspace.com/fr/privacy/:
Politique de confidentialité
Avant propos
Cette politique de confidentialité s’adresse aux internautes, désireux d’en savoir plus sur les données collectées, traitées et stockées par Powerspace, et souhaitant désactiver certains ciblages publicitaires.
Lien direct :
désactivez le ciblage publicitaire
A propos de Powerspace
Powerspace développe une technologie de publicité en ligne à destination de sociétés éditrices de contenu et de services (les “Éditeurs”), leur permettant de gérer des emplacements publicitaires (les “Espaces Publicitaires”) sur leurs différents supports tels que sites web, applications et newsletters  (les “Supports”).
En parallèle, Powerspace propose également à des sociétés souhaitant promouvoir leurs produits ou services (les “Annonceurs”) auprès des internautes consultant les Supports (les “Utilisateurs”), de diffuser leurs annonces publicitaires (les “Annonces”) sur les Espaces Publicitaires des Éditeurs utilisant les services de Powerspace.
Afin de faire fonctionner sa technologie et améliorer la pertinence du choix des Annonces affichées, Powerspace est amenée à collecter, stocker et traiter différents types de données relatives aux Utilisateurs.
En aucun cas, Powerspace ne collecte, traite et stocke de données personnelles telles que le nom et prénom, l’adresse email, ou autres données permettant à Powerspace ou un tiers de connaître directement ou indirectement l’identité d’un Utilisateur.
Données collectées et
utilisation
En tant qu’Utilisateur, Powerspace n’a aucun moyen de savoir qui vous êtes, et s’assure de ne pas collecter de données qui pourraient permettre de vous reconnaître.
Powerspace identifie les utilisateurs comme des identifiants techniques, uniques et anonymes, permettant de suivre leurs interactions avec les Annonces diffusées sur les Espaces Publicitaires, et avec nos clients Annonceurs, afin d’améliorer la pertinence des Annonces proposées.
Powerspace collecte ainsi les données suivantes relatives à l’activité de navigation des Utilisateurs :
les interactions avec les Annonces diffusées par Powerspace (affichages d’annonces, clics, heure…) via un script publicitaire (le “Tag Publicitaire”) installé sur l’Espace Publicitaire d’un Éditeur
des éléments relatifs à la navigation (pages visitées, nombre de pages vues…) sur les sites web de certains de nos clients Annonceurs ayant mis en place notre script de mesure d’audience (le “Tag Analytics”) ;
des informations mises à disposition par le navigateur utilisé par l’Utilisateur, telles que la version du navigateur, l’appareil et le système d’exploitation utilisés, la vitesse de connexion, le fournisseur d’accès internet. En fonction du navigateur utilisé, les informations enregistrées peuvent être différentes (en savoir plus sur le User agent).
l’adresse IP tronquée des 3 derniers chiffres, permettant de connaître une situation géographique approximative (niveau Ville)
des données communiquées par les Éditeurs, telles que l’âge et le genre, et l’adresse email “hashée” (encryptée) au format MD5.
Powerspace réconcilie les données collectées autour d’un identifiant technique crypté deux fois et anonyme. Bien que cet identifiant corresponde à un ou plusieurs Utilisateurs (s’ils utilisent le même navigateur), il n’existe aucun moyen de décoder cet identifiant vers l’identité physique d’une personne.
Powerspace utilise également des cookies (fichier texte stocké dans le navigateur de l’internaute si sa configuration technique le permet) sur les sites des annonceurs, afin de permettre à Powerspace de retrouver l’identifiant technique de l’internaute lors de sa consultation d’autres pages web. Ces cookies ne contiennent pas l’identifiant technique Powerspace, mais un autre identifiant anonyme, aléatoire et temporaire, qui disparaît au bout de six mois. Cet autre identifiant n’a aucune signification hors des serveurs Powerspace, et ne présente aucun danger en terme de confidentialité, même s’il venait à être récupéré par un script malveillant.
Désactivation du ciblage publicitaire.
Powerspace ne dispose d’aucune donnée personnelle telle que le nom, prénom ou adresse email, et n’a aucun moyen de savoir qui vous êtes. Nous utilisons un identifiant technique crypté et anonyme permettant de reconnaître votre navigateur lorsqu’une annonce Powerspace est affichée. Voici un exemple d’identifiant utilisé par Powerspace :
be65a088-7702-4a78-aa4d-58dbffe10e82
En tant qu’utilisateur, si un cookie Powerspace est présent sur votre navigateur, vous pourrez vous opposez au ciblage  des annonces Powerspace.
Note importante sur la désactivation du ciblage
Il est techniquement impossible de vous reconnaître sur l’ensemble de vos ordinateurs, téléphones ou tablettes, ainsi qu’entre les différents navigateurs utilisés.
En cas de désactivation du ciblage, celui-ci sera effectif sur votre navigateur actuel ainsi que sur les navigateurs que nous avons éventuellement liés à votre identifiant technique. Veillez à renouveler l’opération sur chaque appareil et navigateur utilisé.
En supprimant les cookies de votre navigateur actuel, il est possible que vous soyez de nouveau ciblé car vous seriez techniquement considéré comme un nouvel identifiant.
Stockage des données
et sécurité
Stockage des données
Powerspace collecte exclusivement les données nécessaires au bon fonctionnement de ses services. Nous n’avons pas accès, et ne collectons pas de données personnelles telles que le nom, prénom, adresse, téléphone, adresse email ou de données sensibles telles des informations liées à la religion, l’opinion politique, la santé, etc…
Dans l’optique de minimisation des données stockées, Powerspace supprime automatiquement les données suivantes :
Cookies : 6 mois après la dernière exposition (contre 12 mois pour la réglementation)
Données de profil : suppression 12 mois après leur dernière exposition
Visites sur les sites annonceurs : suppression des données de visites 30 jours après la dernière exposition
Sécurité des données
Double encryption / ID interne à Powerspace / N’est jamais communiqué à un tiers
L’utilisateur peut être identifié par le passage d’un email encrypté passé par le partenaire Editeur dans le tag publicitaire Powerspace. Dès la réception de cette requête par nos serveurs, cet identifiant encrypté est de nouveau encrypté, et stocké uniquement dans cette version doublement sécurisée, permettant de garantir la non-réversibilité de cette donnée. Ainsi, nous ne stockons aucun email en clair, ni aucun email encrypté en md5.
L’identifiant technique Powerspace, doublement crypté, sécurisé et anonyme n’est jamais exposé lors des requêtes publicitaires, et n’est jamais communiqué à des tiers.
L’ensemble des données sont stockées au sein de l’Union Européenne (Belgique).
Sub-policy 12
https://www.teads.com/privacy-policy/:
At Teads, we believe in everyone’s right to have a safer digital environment and to have its fundamental rights respected.
In order to do so, we provide you with :
A clear information about the ad you have just seen.
An easy way to report this ad.
A full privacy policy and a way to
exercise your rights
on your data.
About this ad
Report Ad
Why are you seeing this ad ?
Basic advertising: the ad is displayed based on the content of the website you are visiting, the type of content, the type of device your are using, the IP address of your device or general location such as country or city.
Profiling: the ad is displayed based on your similarity to groups of people that the advertiser is trying to reach, based on your online activity, based on, for example: your age group, your gender, your level of education, or your interests.
To learn more about other actors that may use tracking technologies on your terminal you can go to
Your online choices
.
Version française
日本語版
Brazilian version
Bahasa Melayu version
Version released on February 15, 2024, effective as of February 15, 2024
Privacy Policy – General notice
Deactivate Teads Personalized ads
Access your data
UK Privacy Notice
User rights
European Privacy Notice
User rights
US Privacy Notice
User rights
Japanese Privacy Notice
User rights
Brazilian Privacy Notice
User rights
Business Partners
Self-regulation commitments
We have updated our Privacy Policy to provide you with greater transparency and clarity about how we collect and process your personal data.
In particular, we have changed the structure by creating local or regional sections, to make it easier for you to read and understand what applies to you.
Finally, we have also changed the access to your rights so that you can exercise them more easily and in accordance with your local legislation when applicable.
Our identity and group contact details
Information about our activity
Scope of the Privacy Policy
What type of information we collect, from which sources, and retention period
What are the categories of recipients
How we store your information
How to exercise your rights
Changes to this General notice
1. Our identity and group contact details
For a general overview,
Teads is a group of companies disclosed
in this page
,
held by Teads SA based in Luxembourg and providing the Services described
in
section 2
below, across the globe.
For any general questions about this privacy policy, our data practices or to exercise your rights, you can
contact the global Data Protection Officer (DPO):
By email: dpo@teads.com
By mail:
Teads SA
5 rue de la Boucherie
L-1247 Luxembourg
For any information related to a specific region or a country, please select the appropriate section on the left side of this page.
2. Information about our activity
Teads
is an intermediary in the online advertising industry, connecting publishers and advertisers all over Europe, the United States, Latin America, the Middle East, North-Africa and Asia.
We provide services (“Services”) to both publishers and advertisers.
Publishers
use Teads’ technology to monetize their ad spaces.
They can operate either themselves
directly with the Advertisers or
with the support of
Tea
ds’ Affiliates sales services. W
e might therefore access your data when you visit a website where a publisher uses our technology for online ads on its publications.
Advertisers
or their intermediaries (e.g., media agencies) display their advertising campaigns through Teads technology on the websites or apps of our publisher partners. They can operate either themselves directly with the Publishers or through Teads’ Affiliates sales services. This means we might access your data when you visit an advertiser website using our tracking technologies.
3. Scope of the Privacy Policy
This privacy policy details Teads’ privacy practices on how we collect, use, process and share information we may collect through our advertising services (collectively, the “Services”) as well as the ways in which individuals may exercise control over the use of information collected by us.
The section “General notice” provides you with the information that is general to Teads group.
The local sections provide you with the information specific to your region or country and explain the rights which apply under the local privacy laws applicable to you, and how you can exercise these rights.
Please note that this privacy policy does not describe Teads’ data practices relating to information Teads collects through its own website
www.teads.com
, which is accessible on this link
Teads Website Privacy Policy
.
4. What type of information we collect, from which sources, and retention period
This section explains the type of information we collect and process to perform our Services, by what means and from which sources. We also tell you how long we keep such information.
Please note that the local sections provide you with more details according to the applicable local regulation
. You should be aware that different local laws have different rules as to what data is considered personal information.
4.1 Information we collect
Teads collects information from three different sources: from the publisher’s website and mobile applications, from the advertiser’s website and from its data partners as detailed below.
Please note that we don’t process information like your name, email address or any ID card number.
From
publisher
websites and mobile applications:
In the web environment
, Teads collects this information through our web tags which are small pieces of code inserted into the publisher’s web pages.
In the mobile application environment
, we collect data through our Software Development Kit (SDK) on publisher mobile applications. An SDK is a collection of software used for developing applications for a specific device or operating system.
Type of Information we collect
Retention period
Cookie ID:
Teads may store a cookie on your web and/or mobile browser. The cookie ID is a piece of text that allows Teads to recognize your browser and assign it to the data that we collect.
The cookie ID is stored in the browser for 365 days after its creation. Records of activities linked to the cookie ID are stored in our database for 4 months.
Mobile Advertising ID:
They are generated by the iOS. On mobile applications, Teads may access the Advertising ID of your mobile device (called “Google Advertising ID” or GAID on Android and “ID For Advertisers” or IDFA on Apple iOS. It allows Teads to recognize your device and assign it to data we collect.
4 months
IP Address:
For browsers set up to not allow cookies to be placed on them, Teads uses an identification methodology based on IP address (which is securely encrypted so that the process cannot be reversed), browser, and device characteristics. This method enables Teads to support functionalities such as fraud detection, campaign planning and ad effectiveness measurement.
4 months
Approximate postcode
derived from IP Address (also named Non-precise Geolocation in our industry)
4 months
Page
URL
, Mobile application information (e.g. Website name or Application name)
4 months
Your interactions
with Teads ads (e.g if you click on an ad, how long you spend looking at it, etc)
4 months
Date and time
(e.g the ad is displayed, you interact with the ad)
4 months
Browser
Information (e.g. Browser name and version)
4 months
Device
Information (e.g. Device type, operating system)
4 months
Network
type or mobile carrier information (e.g. Wifi, 4G)
4 months
From
advertiser websites
:
In the web environment, when you click on a Teads ad, this action redirects you to the Advertiser’s website. The Advertiser placed a script on its webpages so as to collect the information set out in the table below. This information enables Teads to compute statistics on the amount of time spent on the site, the number of pages viewed or particular actions carried out on the site after clicking on a Teads ad.
Type of Information
Retention period
Cookie ID
The cookie ID is stored in the browser for 365 days after its creation. Records of activities linked to the cookie ID are stored in our database for 4 months.
IP address
4 months
Page URL
4 months
Date and time
(e.g the ad is displayed, you interact with the ad)
4 months
Browser Information (e.g. Browser name and version)
4 months
Device Information (e.g. Device type, operating system)
4 months
Click ID, which is generated when there is a connection from the publisher’s website to the advertiser’s website.
4 months
From our
data partners
:
We collect information through data exchange platforms which are online platforms where advertising data is shared. They provide Teads with audience segments, which are groups of user IDs that share common characteristics such as age, gender, interest, purchase intent, etc.
We use different means to collect this information:
Cookie synchronization
which is a process that allows Teads and its data partners to synchronize their respective identifiers (such as cookies) for a given user browser and share the information across different web environments.
Server to server exchange
, where data exchange platforms send to Teads servers the users’ segments (attributes) related to the users previously matched with Teads during the cookie-sync process.
Type of Information we collect
Retention period
Cookie ID (see above for more details)
The cookie ID is stored in the browser for 365 days after its creation. Records of activities linked to the cookie ID are stored in our database for 4 months.
Mobile Advertising ID (see above for more details)
30 days
Data segment (Your cookie/mobile advertising ID may be assigned to a category with other users who have a similar profile, called a segment)
30 days
4.2 Information we don’t collect
No data about children.
We do not collect data that allows us to detect that an individual is a minor in any deterministic way. Therefore, we do not process this type of data or target this audience. Nor do we allow our clients or partners to do so through our Services.
No data relating to criminal convictions and offences.
Teads does not knowingly collect nor process any data relating to criminal offences or accusations.
Please see the relevant sections in each of our regional policies for information about how we use
special categories of personal data
.
5. What are the categories of recipients
In order to provide the services described in section 2 above (‘Services’), we share data (including personal information) with third party vendors, service providers, contractors and agents who perform functions on our behalf, including the ones listed below. Our service providers are authorized to use the information we provide only where such disclosure is necessary to provide these services to us. These third parties have agreed to minimization and proportionality restrictions and use any personal information we share with them either solely for the purpose of providing the contracted service to us or, when they act as independent controller, in compliance with the laws applicable to them.
Business Partners.
Please see the section “
Business Partners
” which provides you with the relevant information.
Teads’s affiliates.
As part of the operations of the Teads group, Teads companies may disclose the information collected through the Services to other af
filiates or subsidiaries for the purposes described in this privacy policy. Teads affiliates’ use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this privacy policy. The list of Teads’s affiliates is accessible on
this page
.
Other Disclosures.
We also may disclose information in the following circumstances.
Business Transfers.
If we are or may be acquired by or merged with another company, if any of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer your personal information to the other company.
In Response to Legal Process.
We also may disclose your personal information in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal processes, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others.
We also may disclose your personal information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which Teads is involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information.
We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.
6. How we store your information
We will store your personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as explained in this privacy policy. Where your information is no longer needed, we will ensure that it is disposed of in a secure manner.
Your personal information will be retained in accordance with our data retention policy which is designed to retain data for as long as needed for us to comply with our contractual obligations, employment obligations, and other business purposes, including global legal obligations to retain data. We may retain some information from closed accounts so that we can comply with law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze or troubleshoot programs, enforce our Terms of Use, or take other actions permitted by law.
Security.
Teads uses generally accepted industry security standards to protect data.
We have implemented and we maintain appropriate technical and organizational security measures, policies and procedures to protect the information we collect from unauthorized access, exfiltration, theft, loss, misuse, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. Measures we take include:
Placing confidentiality requirements on our staff members and service providers;
Destroying or permanently anonymizing personal information if it is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was collected;
Following strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your personal information to prevent unauthorized access to it.
How we intend to securely destroy or dispose of your information
The retention periods are disclosed for each type of information in section 4 of the General notice.
Data within Teads is set with an expiry date and is automatically destroyed in accordance with our Data Deletion Policy when the expiry date is reached.
7. How to exercise your rights
This section is intended to allow you to request that we cease using your personal information to personalize ads (“Deactivate Teads personalized ads”, also known as opt-out) or to access your data.
In this section, we explain to you what is the process to follow in a web environment and in a mobile application environnement, and the consequences of such action.
Please note that specific or additional rights may be granted to you depending on your local legislation
. We recommend that you visit the applicable local privacy notice to have the exhaustive list of your rights on your data.
Deactivate Teads personalized ads
On Internet browsers
To withdraw your consent to all Teads personalized ads, exercise your right to erase your data, or your right to object to the processing that Teads may make of your personal data, please click on the button below:
Exercise your right
What are the consequences of Teads personalized ads deactivation ?
After the deactivation of Teads personalized ads:
The Teads cookies that allow us to recognize this browser and link it to the data we have will be deleted from your browser,
Teads will stop collecting personal data about you,
Teads will stop displaying personalized ads on this browser. You will still see ads from Teads based on contextual information such as the page you are visiting and the country you are in.
Please note that disabling Teads personalized ads does not prevent personalized ads from being displayed by other industry players. If you want to quickly and easily withdraw your consent to interest-based advertising from a range of industry players, including Teads, we invite you to click on the following
YourOnlineChoices link
.
If you wish to extend your choice to other browsers or to other devices, we invite you to repeat the operation from each of them.
Teads Partners
To withdraw your consent to personalized ads from other partners, exercise your right to erase your data, or your right to object to the processing that other partners may make of your personal data, please click on the button below:
Exercise your rights with Teads Partners
If you wish to have more information about Teads business partners, please
click here
.
On mobile applications
To withdraw your consent to all Teads personalized ads, exercise your right to erase your data, or your right to object to the processing that Teads may make of your personal data on mobile applications, please follow the instructions below:
If you have an Apple (iOS) smartphone or tablet
: go to “Settings” > “Privacy” > “Tracking”, then turn off permission to track on the apps (see Apple support)
If necessary, you can also consult the instructions provided by Apple
here
If you have an Android smartphone or tablet
: go to “Settings” > “Google” > “Ads”, then “Reset Advertising ID” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization”.
If necessary, you can also consult the instructions provided by Google
here
What are the consequences of Teads personalized ads deactivation ?
Such a configuration of your device will result in:
The termination of the collection of your personal data by Teads
The termination of the display of personalized ads by Teads when you are using apps installed on this device.
Please note that you will continue to see ads, but they will not be personalized.
If you wish to extend your choice to other devices, we invite you to repeat the operation from each of them.
Access your data
To exercise your right of access to your personal data, please send us an email at
dpo@teads.com
,
specifying your Teads cookie ID below.
Show me my Teads ID
Following the exercise of your right of access, we will provide you with an excel file containing your personal data related to the device and the browser used for your request.
8. Changes to this General notice
This General notice is effective as of the date indicated at the top of this page. Please note that the effective date of local notices may differ.
Minor changes
. We may make minor changes from time to time that do not materially affect the way we process your information or the way you can exercise your rights. These minor changes are mainly cosmetic, such as changing the font, correcting typos, etc.
Significant changes.
When significant changes are to be made, we will endeavour to notify you 5 days prior to the publication of these changes, by highlighting them on our website. Significant changes are:
Changes in laws and regulations,
Introduction of new products or services,
Changes in the way we process personal information
Changes in the ways you can exercise your rights
Changes in our corporate structure.
Notwithstanding the changes described above, we’ll review this General notice every 12 months to ensure the accuracy of the information.
If any further action is required to be taken under a local law, the information will be disclosed to you in the section dedicated to the relevant location.
Sub-policy 13
https://www.dailymotion.com/legal/privacy:
Table of content
DEFINITIONS
1. General Information
1.1. Dailymotion’s Role in Processing of Personal Data
1.2. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
1.2.1. Legal Grounds
1.2.2. Transparency & Consent Framework
1.2.3. Refusal or Opposition to Processing
2. Data we collect
2.1. Categories and Sources of Data We Collect
2.1.1. Data You Provide to Us
2.1.2. Usage and Log Data
2.1.3. Data Provided by Third Parties
2.2. How is the Data Collected?
2.2.1. Collection of Data through Use of Technologies
2.2.2. Collection of Data through Other Means
3. PURPOSES FOR DATA PROCESSING
3.1. Purposes for which Data is Processed by Dailymotion
3.1.1. General
3.1.2. Purposes for which Data is Processed
3.1.3. Specific Purposes for which Data is processed when operating the Enterprise Solution Video Player
3.2. Purposes for which Data is Processed by our Commercial Partners
3.2.1. Processing in Direct Relation with Your Use of the Dailymotion Service
3.2.2. Remaining Processing
3.2.3. Parties Roles and Responsibilities
4. DATA RECIPIENTS
4.1. Third Party Login Services
4.2. Commercial Partners
4.3. Service Providers
4.3.1. General
4.3.2. Audience Measurement Providers
4.5. Public Authorities and Legal Counsels
4.6. Third Parties in Connection with certain Corporate Transactions
4.7. When Sharing of Your Data is Consented or Accepted by You or if You instrcut Us to Share it
5. DATA SECURITY AND ACCOUNT ACCESS
5.1. Data Security
5.2. Account Access
6. DATA RETENTION
7. YOUTH RESTRICTIONS AND PARENTAL CONTROL
8. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
8.1. General
8.2. Change of Privacy Settings for Promotional Communications
8.3. Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-based Ads on Websites (including Mobile Websites)
8.4. Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-Based Ads within Mobile Apps
8.5. Additional Information for EEA Residents
8.5.1. Data Subjects Rights
8.5.2. Data Privacy Framework
8.6. Additional Choices for the Residents of the United States of America
8.6.1. Additional Choices for California Residents
8.6.2. Additional Information and Choices for Residents of U.S.A. Privacy Law States, except California
8.7. Specific Information and Rights Applicable to Korean Residents
8.7.1. 일반사항
8.7.2. 데이터 보유
8.7.3. 개인정보 파기
8.7.4. 법적 권리
8.8. Specific Information and Rights applicable to Turkish Residents
8.9. Specific information and Rights applicable to Brazilian Residents
9. SPECIFIC CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO DAILYMOTION SECONDARY SITES
10. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS AND STANDARD CONTRCATUAL CLAUSES
10.1. General Information
10.2. Data Processors/ Service Providers
10.3. Legal Mechanisms Relied Upon
11. MISCELLANEOUS
11.1. Third-Party Access Points, Devices and Links
11.2. Deleting Your Dailymotion Account
11.3. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
11.4. Changes to this Privacy Policy
11.5. Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Simplified Summary of our Privacy Policy:
If you want to access the main points of our Privacy Policy in a simplified way, for instance if you’re a minor, you can
access this Summary
. Please note that it is provided for
informational
purposes only. In case of conflict between the Privacy Policy and the summary, only the Privacy Policy below shall prevail.
Last Update of this Privacy Policy:
February 20th, 2025
Dailymotion respects Your privacy. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect Personal Data from or about You in connection with Your use of the Dailymotion Service.
If You reside in a country that is part of the
European Economic Area
United Kingdom, or Switzerland (collectively referred to as “
EEA
” unless otherwise explicitly stated herein), any reference to “
Dailymotion
“, “
we
“, “
us
“, or “
our
” in this Privacy Policy refers to “Dailymotion SA” whose details are provided
here
.
If You reside in a country outside of the EEA, any reference to “
Dailymotion
“, “
we
“, “
us
“, or “
our
” in this Privacy Policy will always refer to “
Dailymotion Inc.
” whose details are provided
here
.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using the Dailymotion Service or transacting business with us.
DEFINITIONS
Unless otherwise stated in the present Privacy policy any capitalized term shall have the meaning given to it in the Dailymotion
Terms of Use
.
For the purpose of the present Privacy Policy, the terms “
Dailymotion Service
” or “
Service
” shall include the Dailymotion Service as defined in the
Terms of Use
and  websites operated by Dailymotion other than ‘dailymotion.com’(“
Secondary Sites
”).
The term “
Commercial Partner
” refers to entities Dailymotion may cooperate with while carrying out its Service. In particular, Commercial Partners may include
Selected Commercial Partners
,
Data Partners
, content creators, advertisers, media agencies and other actors of the on-line marketing sector and Dailymotion’s affiliates.
The terms “
Personal Data,
”  “
Data Controller,
” “
Joint Controller,
” “
Data Processor
” and “
Processing
” used in the present Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the
General Data Protection Regulation
(“
GDPR
”), or the meaning provided to equivalent terms in the applicable local data protection laws. Personal Data processed by Dailymotion is referred to as “
Data
”.
The term “
Dailymotion Company
” refers to any affiliate of Dailymotion that is a subsidiary of Dailymotion SA.
1.
General Information
1.1. Dailymotion’s Role in Processing of Personal Data
Certain Data from or about You may be collected or otherwise processed when You use the Dailymotion Service, regardless of whether You do so as a Viewer, Visitor, User, or Partner (as defined in the Dailymotion
Terms of Use
).
If You reside in a country that is part of the
European Economic Area
, the GDPR is applicable to the collection of Your Personal Data. If You reside outside of the European Economic Area, local privacy laws are applicable to such collection, generally those of Your country of residence.
Dailymotion is a
Data Controller
when we process Your Data based on purposes that we define and using the means we choose.
We may contract with some service providers to help us implement certain aspects of Your Data Processing. In doing so, these service providers act on our behalf following our instructions and thus are considered our Data Processors.
Dailymotion is a
Joint Data Controller
when Dailymotion and its Commercial Partners process Your Personal Data together for a common purpose and using the means we jointly choose.
Our Commercial Partners are independent Data Controllers when they (or their respective Data Processors) process Your Personal Data for purposes that they define independently and using the means they determine.  Depending on the applicable local laws and existing technical protocols, Dailymotion’s role is limited to the collection of Your consent on behalf of these Commercial Partners, and to the transmission of collected consent to them and providing You with access to their respective privacy policies and consent management mechanisms.
Dailymotion is a
Data Processor
when Dailymotion participates in the implementation of some Personal Data Processing operations carried out by our Commercial Partners, who remain Data Controllers.
In particular,
if Your Content contains Third Party Personal Data (ex. a video You have uploaded on the Dailymotion Service which includes images of a friend of Yours), Dailymotion is Your Data Processor
. Further details relating to these processing operations are available in the Appendix B to the
Terms of Use
.
1.2. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
1.2.1.
Legal Grounds
The GDPR provides several legal basis upon which Dailymotion can rely for Processing of Personal Data, namely consent, contractual necessity, compliance with a legal obligation, vital interests of data subjects, public interest or legitimate interest. Similarly, applicable laws may provide for equivalent or additional legal grounds, as explained further below in the country specific paragraphs under Section 8.
Because our Service is provided to You through different digital properties, namely through Dailymotion website and app and through our Video Player embedded on third-party websites or apps, our Processing of Your Personal Data and applicable legal basis differ depending on the part of our Service You use.
When You access our Service through the
Dailymotion website and app
we rely on the following legal basis when Processing Your Personal Data.
Contract: we rely on contract when processing of Your Personal Data is required to provide You with our Service, including when You choose to use its optional features. In particular, we rely on contract when we process Your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Display of Content and ads: Dailymotion Service offers access to Content in association with ads.
Presence of both,
Content and ads is an essential and non-dissociable part of our Service
. Consequently, when we use Your Personal Data to display Content and ads we rely on contract as legal ground.
Content recommendation: presence of relevant Content is our Service’s major feature.  Consequently, processing of Your Personal Data by our content recommendation tools is based on contract
Use of our Service: we process Your Personal Data to prevent unauthorized access to our Service, including by so-called bots, and enable You to use our Service features.  For example, when you upload videos, we store Your Content and if you are entitled to receive payments from us, Your payment details and information linked the amount to be paid are used by us to process such payment
Account creation and management: Your email address, password, age and username are mandatory elements of each account. Processing of these account credentials and related information for the purpose of managing Your account is based on contract.
Respect of parties’ obligations under the agreements in place between You and Dailymotion. When You access our Service, you accept our Terms of Use, i.e. You enter into an agreement with Dailymotion. In general, we rely on contract when processing of Your Personal Data is necessary for the execution of that agreement.
Legitimate interest: we rely on legitimate interest when processing Your Personal Data is motivated by our or Your interest or that of third parties (ex. other end-users of our Service, advertisers, etc.). For example, we rely on legitimate interest when we process Your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Content measurement: when You access Content belonging to Content creators of on our Service, they wish to know how it is perceived by the viewers. This knowledge is also useful to us as it helps us better understand how our Service is used. When we process Your Personal Data to measure Content performance, we rely on our own and Content creators’ legitimate interest.
Ads measurement:  advertisers pay to have their ads shown on our Service. As a result, they wish to know if their ads are watched and whether they are efficient. This knowledge is also useful to us as it helps us better understand how our Service is used. When we process Your Personal Data to measure ads’ performance, we rely on our own and advertisers’ legitimate interest.
Service and audience analysis, research and development, and Service improvement: The relevance of user experience and a free-of-charge access to content are key features of the Dailymotion Service. Dailymotion, like any other business, wants to continuously provide a high-quality service while remaining profitable. That requires a proper understanding of how the use of our Service evolves, what our end-users expect from it and how to develop and finance the new sought-for features. We analyze the use of our Service to innovate and deliver a service we believe our end-users want while attempting to limit, as much as possible, any associated fees. We design, test and implement new operational and revenue-generating features. When we process Your Personal Data to analyze and improve our Service we rely on Dailymotion’s and our end-users’ legitimate interest.
Fraud detection and Service security: Dailymotion continuously labors to provide a secure environment for all. When the implemented security and anti-fraud measures exceed what represents our legal obligation or contractual commitment and result in processing of Your Personal Data, we rely on legitimate interest of parties involved, be it Visitors, Content creators, advertisers, Dailymotion or third parties.
Legal obligation: we rely on legal obligation when processing Your Personal Data is required by applicable laws. For example, we rely on legal obligation when we process Your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Retention of identifying information of a User: as a content hosting platform we are legally obliged to retain identifying information of anyone having uploaded, changed or deleted Content on our Service. Consequently, when we store Your email address or other identifying information following Your upload, change or Content deletion we rely on a legal obligation.
Age collection: some of the legal obligations imposed on on-line service providers depend on the age of their end-users. Consequently, when we ask for Your birthdate during the account-opening process, we do so to be able to comply with these obligations.
o Mandatory communication: in some cases, we are legally obliged to send you information whether by email or otherwise. For example, if Your Content is moderated, we have to inform You about it. Consequently, when we use Your email to send such notification, we do so to comply with our legal obligation.
o Security: various laws impose security obligations on services like ours. For example, the GDPR imposes on entities processing personal data an obligation to implement adequate security measures that, without warranting absence of breaches, protect processed data. When we use Your Personal Data for the purpose of these security measures, we do so to comply with our legal obligation.
Consent: we rely on consent when processing Your Personal Data to determine what interests You have and show You ads that are adapted to Your interests. When there is no already established legal basis for such disclosure, we also ask for Your consent to share Your Personal Data with third parties.
Note that when our Processing of Your Personal Data is based on consent, we ask You to communicate Your consent via a positive action (e.g. by clicking the “Accept” button on our Site, Secondary Site or Video Player or through another method compliant under the applicable laws). When Processing of Your Personal Data is based on legal grounds other than consent, we provide You with information regarding the applicable legal grounds and, when applicable, provide You with means to oppose to it.
When you access our Service
through our Video Player embedded on third-party websites or apps
, we Process Your Personal Data for purposes and in reliance on the legal basis
declared
with the IAB TCF, as further explained below.
1.2.2.
Transparency & Consent Framework
Dailymotion participates in the
“Transparency & Consent Framework”
(“
TCF
”), developed by the
Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB)
for the purpose of GDPR compliance and applies its Specifications and Policies.
We operate a TCF-compliant Consent Management Platform (IAB / TCF identification number 105) for the consent collection and management of Dailymotion’s and our Commercial Partners’ data processing activities on the Dailymotion website and applications.
Dailymotion is registered with the IAB as a TCF Vendor (IAB / TCF identification number 573) for data processing activities undertaken through our Video Player embedded on third party digital properties. Our Processing purposes and legal basis relied upon are available
here
. Being an IAB Vendor allows us to confine the collection of consent and communication of related information to the editors of websites or apps that integrate the Dailymotion Player and who participate in the TCF. If You visit such websites or aps, their cookie banners serves to record You privacy choices for these publishers, Dailymotion and other entities chosen by their publishers.
1.2.3. Refusal or Opposition to Processing
When Processing is based on consent or legitimate interest, You can always choose not to consent to Processing of some of Your Data, withdraw Your consent, or oppose to such Processing (unless the applicable laws authorize us not to take into account such decision) as further explained herein. However, this may limit Your ability to take full advantage of the many features we offer and, consequently, deteriorate Your user experience. Furthermore, Dailymotion Service offers to Visitors access to a multitude of videos without charging a corresponding fee. This is possible only by associating advertisements with the available videos and funding our Service through means other than access fees.
WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE DAILYMOTION ENTERPRISE SOLUTION VIDEO PLAYER,
CONTENT AND ADS ARE BOTH INTEGRAL PARTS OF OUR SERVICE AND THE DAILYMOTION SERVICE CANNOT EXIST WITHOUT EITHER OF THEM. NOT CONSENTING TO PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA WILL NOT ELIMINATE OR LIMIT THE NUMBER OF ADS YOU ARE SHOWN; IT MAY SIMPLY RESULT IN ADS WHICH ARE MORE REPETITIVE AND LIKELY LESS INTERESTING TO YOU
.
2.
Data we collect
We may collect Personal Data that can identify You directly, such as Your name and email address, and other information that does not identify you directly. This Section explains what Personal Data we collect (2.1) and how we collect such information (2.2).
Please note that we may collect Data concerning Yourself either during Your use of the Dailymotion Site and Dailymotion Applications, or when you use our embedded Video Player on third-party websites or third-party applications.
2.1. Categories and Sources of Data We Collect
2.1.1. Data You Provide to Us
We collect Personal Data You provide to us when You interact with the Dailymotion Service, including when You sign up for an account, upload Content, create a playlist or share a playlist with others. For instance, when You register to use the Dailymotion Service, You may provide Your name, email address, birthdate, gender, and other similar information. If You are a member of the Dailymotion Partner Program, Dailymotion may also collect Your payment information, such as Your address, bank account or online payment system details and authentication information, as well as billing and contact details depending on the payment system You choose. Note that we do not collect Your credit card details. In addition, Dailymotion may collect information You provide to us when You respond to surveys, set Your preferences on the Dailymotion Service, directly contact Dailymotion through the
Dailymotion Help Center
or by other means, or agree to participate in promotions that Dailymotion may offer from time to time. To help you manage Your account access rights, Dailymotion  allows multiple log-in accounts to be set up under one Partner account. Consequently, we may collect information You provide to us if You create such log-in accounts.
2.1.2. Usage and Log Data
We collect information when You use the Dailymotion Service or watch Dailymotion ads outside of the Dailymotion Service. We may also collect information from or about the computers, phones, tablets, or other devices where You install Dailymotion Applications or otherwise access the Dailymotion Service, depending on the permissions You have granted. Such information may include Your IP address, Your device ID, the settings of the browser and operating system You use (such as type and version of an operating system or its language settings), Your activity on the Dailymotion Service including information about the videos You watch on the Service (e.g. video titles and categories), about the ads You are being shown and Your interaction with them, the frequency and duration of Your activities, page views, referral URLs, network state, and carrier information.
2.1.3. Data Provided by Third Parties
Account Data from Third-Party Services
If You choose to log-in, access or otherwise connect to the Dailymotion Service or contact Dailymotion through a third-party service (e.g. Google), such method being completely optional and subject to Your exclusive decision, we may, in order to execute Your choice of a log-in or contact method, collect Your email, gender, birthday as well as any other information you make public using that service. Depending on the third-party log-in service used and its current implementation policies, we may also collect additional information You have authorized the third-party service to share with us (such as, for example, Your user ID, billing information, etc.).
If You are entitled to payment from our Service and You chose to integrate an account You have with one of our payment solution service providers, we will receive the payment account details corresponding to Your account.
Third-Party Data
Subject to Your consent or if otherwise authorized unnder the applicable laws, we may receive information about You from some of our Data Partners. Your Data may be disclosed to us by our Commercial Partners and be shared with us by our
selected Commercial Partners
.
Shared data (whether identified, pseudonymized or anonymous and whether collected online or offline) may include information about Your interests, demographic data, purchasing behavior, and Your online activities (such as websites You have visited and/or advertisements You have viewed).
We may combine the shared information with the information we collect from or about You and use it in the manner described in Section 3 of the Privacy Policy or as otherwise permitted by law.
2.2. How is the Data Collected?
2.2.1. Collection of Data through Use of Technologies
Like many online services, we use, directly or via our subcontractors, various technologies to collect usage data and store Your user settings. The Data thus collected helps us propose, protect and improve the Dailymotion Service and personalize Your user experience, for example, by enabling You to access videos in a language corresponding to Your browser’s settings or in a format compatible with Your device.
Despite the variety of the actual measures deployed, the various technologies used to collect data are commonly referred to as “
cookies
” or “
trackers
” and their use is regulated by “cookie laws.” Whenever applicable laws subject the use of cookies to user consent, Dailymotion asks for YYour consent prior to their use.
A “cookie” is a small data file that is installed on Your device. A cookie lifespan is limited to its purpose and does not, in general, exceed 13 months. A cookie expires upon the end of its validity period unless it uses so-called “refresh” feature. It may be deleted before the end of its validity period by You or by the technologies You use (e.g. Your browser).
Below You will find a general representation of types of trackers we use. You will find  information about the use of cookies in connection with advertising on the Dailymotion Service in Section 3 while to learn more about our cookie management rules, we invite You to read our
Cookie Policy
.
Depending on the country you reside in, you may, at any time, manage Your cookie settings and choose the purposes for which you consent to or refuse the use of cookies by accessing the “
Manage Cookies
” section accessible within the EEA from the footer of our website and settings of our app.
Cookies and Local Storage
We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to offer You a high quality Service, better understand how You interact with the Dailymotion Service or with marketing material advertising the Dailymotion Service outside of our Service; to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Dailymotion Service; to use technical and automated means to display Content and advertising  based on Your Data; to respect the rights of the Content rights holders or that of advertisers and to be in conformity with obligations imposed by applicable laws. We may create a unique device or user ID (“
Service ID
”) for You and store it in a cookie so we can customize Your experience based on Your preferences. These uses allow us to create a better experience for  You on the Dailymotion Service.
We may collect information through other kinds of local storage (also referred to as “
Flash cookies
“) and HTML5 local storage, including in connection with features such as volume/mute settings for the Video Player.
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. By changing Your browser settings, You can instruct Your browser to stop accepting all or some cookies or to prompt You before accepting a cookie from the websites You visit. For further information on disabling cookies or deleting information contained in cookies in general, please click
here
. Please note that disabling cookies or deleting information contained in cookies or Flash cookies may interfere with the performance and features of the Dailymotion Service, including the Video Player. For example, we may not be able to store Your preferences (such as the language to be used by the Service) or login information (such as keeping Your connection session active thus allowing You to be automatically recognized by the Dailymotion Service when You repeatedly access it through the same device) or use technical means to display  Content and advertising based on Your online viewing habits.
Web Beacons, Pixels and other Trackers
Web beacons or pixel tags are similar to cookies and can be embedded within web pages, videos, or emails. These technologies are mainly used to learn whether You have viewed a particular web page, ad, or email message; and determine other usage details including the time and date on which You viewed Content, the IP address of Your computer, and the URL of the web page from which the Content was viewed.
Mobile Device Identifiers and Software Development Kits (“SDKs”)
We may use or work with third parties, including our Commercial Partners and service providers, who use mobile SDKs to collect information such as advertising identifiers (e.g., “ad-ID” or “IDFA”) and information related to how mobile devices interact with the Dailymotion Service. An SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected and related services and functionality to be implemented (a mobile SDK is a mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon, described above). For instance, we may use this technology to analyze how You interact with Content and advertisements and to enable analytics or other features through mobile devices.
2.2.2. Collection of Data through Other Means
We may receive Data directly from You (ex. when You open an account, fill-in a questionnaire or contact our Support Team), from some of our Data Partners (ex. general information about your centers of interests deduced by our Data Partners when You use their services or those of third parties) or we may deduce certain information about You based on the information we have.
3.
PURPOSES FOR DATA PROCESSING
3.1. Purposes for which Data is Processed by Dailymotion
3.1.1. General
We process Data, either directly or via our service providers to create an engaging and relevant experience for our users, and to ensure that the rights and interests of Content right holders and advertisers are respected. We may share some of Your data with our Commercial Partners to operate and improve our Service and to better understand what You may be interested in.
We use all of the legitimately collected or received information to help us provide and support the Dailymotion Service with a first-class user experience that is adapted to each user’s tastes, as varied as they may be. The way we use the Data about You depends on how You use the Dailymotion Service.
Note that videos accessible on our Service, be it Content or video ads, do not belong to Dailymotion. They are provided by various right holders who, by sharing their videos on Dailymotion Service, decide which of their videos they make available to You.  They relate to a variety of topics, are in in multiple languages, they can be accessed from a number of electronic devices and through different browsers. As a content hosting platform Dailymotion does not curate the videos that are accessible to You. It means that we do not have a team of content editors offering You a selection  of Content believed to correspond to Your tastes. Instead, we use automated technologies to adapt Content and ads to technical characteristics of Your device (ex. to show You videos in a format compatible with Your device and in a language of Your browser) and to Your interests.
You will find in the present Section detailed information about the different purposes Your Data is processed for.
3.1.2. Purposes for which Data is Processed
Dailymotion may process the Data for the following purposes:
Provide the Dailymotion Service.
We use Your Data to deliver the Service, i.e.  to display Content and advertisements and to enable You to use each feature of our Service. For example, to allow You to connect to Your account we collect Your authentication data. To deliver a video in a format that works on a device You use, we collect its technical characteristics. If You have uploaded Content on our Service, we will use Your Data to provide You with statistics on how Your Content performs. If You use our monetization feature, Your Data will be used to track Your revenues. Our algorithms use, together with other data, information on Content You access and on how You interact with our Service to recommend Content that might be of interest to You.
Improve, Develop and Understand the Dailymotion Service and our Audience
. We process Your Data to understand how our Service is used and interacted with and ultimately provide our end-users with the best user experience we can offer. We may conduct surveys and research to learn what is expected from our Service. We analyze the information that we have, evaluate and improve our existing products and services, develop and test new offerings or features in order to follow technological evolution and maintain the quality our end-users expect from our Service. We diversify our revenue sources and implement cost-reducing measures to keep at the minimum eventual service fees, and, in particular, to maintain a free-of-charge access to Content hosted on our Service..
Communicate with You.
We may use Your Data to send You newsletters and marketing communications, communicate with You about the Dailymotion Service and inform You about changes of our Service legal terms and policies.. We also record the privacy preferences You communicate to us. We may use Your information to respond to You when You contact us, or for any other purpose that is disclosed to You at the time we collect the Data or that is related to a request made by You or related to You. To learn about opting out of promotional communications, please see the information we have provided in Section 8 below (“Your Privacy Rights”).
Show and Adapt Ads.
Dailymotion offers its users the opportunity to watch numerous videos without charging any fee in return. Such  free of charge service can only be possible thanks to the presence of advertisements and other alternative revenues. We may use Data we have, including information received from our Commercial Partners, to evaluate and improve our advertising and analytics systems so that the ads shown to You on and off our Services are customized and of real interest to You.  We also use Data to limit the quantity of advertisements You are shown on our Service to allow You to fully enjoy the Content. By processing some of Your Data we also measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services. Your Data may be shared with our Commercial Partners or some of our Data Partners to inform them about Your decision whether or not to allow processing of Your Personal Data and, subject to existence of applicable legal basis, to allow them to estimate whether the products or service for which they run advertising campaigns may be of interest to You. To learn about interest-based or online behavioral advertising, please see the information we have provided in Section 8 below (“Your Privacy Rights”) or exercise Your choices via Dailymotion’s “
Manage Cookies
” section accessible within the EEA from the footer of our website and settings of our app.
Pay You.
If You are a member of the Dailymotion Partner Program, we use Your billing information, such as Your billing address or payment methods details, to proceed with payment of sums generated under our Partner Program monetization features. If You choose a third-party payment method, we will communicate to the payment service provider of Your choice all information necessary to process due payments and may receive from such payment service provider the receiving account details and related payment confirmations. The exact information communicated or received depend on the payment service provider chosen, the payable amounts and then-current requirements of laws and regulations applicable to financial transactions. Note that we do not use or otherwise access Your credit card information.
Identify Your Geographic Location.
We may collect Your device’s location data (limited to the city level only). This information not only allows us to serve You Content related to Your local area, such as local news and sports videos, but enables us to ensure the respect of Content geo-restrictions imposed by the Content right holders. This Data may also be used to tailor advertising to You based on Your location by, for example, not showing You ads for services unavailable at Your location.
Elaborate Aggregated or Anonymized Statistics.
We may “de-identify” information about You and/or other users, which means that the Data is modified (anonymized or aggregated with other information) so it no longer personally identifies You. We may then use this “de-identified” information for any legitimate internal and external business purpose, including for research and analysis of the Dailymotion Service, improving our capacity to deliver customized advertisements, and for promoting our Service to future users, Commercial Partners and other business partners. In particular, we may also share Your aggregated Data (i.e. information in a form that does not allow its recipients to identify You) with advertisers and Content owners to provide them with meaningful insight about the audience of their ads or Content on our Service.
Ensure Safety and Security of Dailymotion Service and its Conformity with Applicable Laws.
We may use the Data to ensure the security of our Service and anti-fraud protection. Our dedicated engineering teams do so by using automated procedures and advanced technologies such as data encryption and machine learning. Consequently, Your Data may be processed as part of investigation of suspicious account activities or violations of our legal terms and policies. In conformity with our legal obligations, Dailymotion maintains connections logs linked to each User’s account activities and communicates them, if requested to do so pursuant to applicable legal procedures, to duly authorized public authorities.
Share Your Data.
Operation of our Service may require share of Your Data. Share of Data is not a purpose in itself but serves distinct purposes underlying our relationship with the entities we disclose Your Data to. For example, in general, the delivery of digital ads requires disclosure of some of Your Personal Data to companies participating in the ad-delivery process (ex. to advertisers, agencies, technical facilitators, etc.). The quantity and type of Data disclosed depends on whether or not Your consent to being shown targeted ads. Additionally, we may share Your Data with
Selected Commercial Partners
we closely cooperate with (some of which are our Affiliates). We do so to better understand what interests You and  offer You better services, Content and ads that are of interest to You. Some of Your Data may be disclosed to some of our Data Partners for further use of fostering AI development.
3.1.3. Specific Purposes for which Data is processed when operating the Enterprise Solution Video Player
We continuously work on improving the Dailymotion Service, including by developing different versions of our Video Player. As part of this effort, Dailymotion may offer to content partners, subject to specific financial conditions, the possibility to use our Video Player for distributing Content without any advertising being associated to it (the “
Enterprise Solution Video Player
”).
Content Partners having chosen this new solution (“
Clients
”) integrate this Enterprise Solution Video Player on their websites or their other digital properties (ex: mobile applications) and select Content they wish to make available to You.
When Clients use the Enterprise Solution Video Player, Dailymotion remains Data Controller for the cookies deployed by that player and related processing of Your Personal Data. As the Enterprise Solution Video Player is not designed to show advertisements, Dailymotion does not use advertising cookies nor process Your Personal Data for ad-related purposes. For further details on the cookies used by the Enterprise Solution Video Player, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
When You watch Content made available by Clients through the Enterprise Solution Video Player, You are visiting such Clients’ digital properties (ex: their websites or mobile applications). Consequently, other cookies than those used by our Enterprise Solution Video Player may be deployed by these Clients or third parties they work with. Dailymotion exercises no control over these cookies and the use of data they collect. For further information about cookies used by Clients and third parties they work with and corresponding processing of Your Personal Data, please refer to the privacy and cookie policies of the Clients’ digital properties that You visit.
3.2. Purposes for which Data is Processed by our Commercial Partners
3.2.1. Processing in Direct Relation with Your Use of the Dailymotion Service
When You watch Content or ads on the Dailymotion Service, our Commercial Partners may collect and further process, either directly or via their respective subcontractors, information about You and Your use of our Service. They may use this information, including in combination with other data they have access to, in order to adapt content and ads that may be shown to You on our and on third parties’ services. While doing so, our Commercial Partners process Your Personal Data in their capacity of Data Controllers and pursuant to their own privacy policies.
When advertisements are shown to You on our Service, some Data, in accordance with industry-wide standard technical protocols, is disclosed to or collected by our Commercial Partners to allow delivery of an ad on the device You use or for other ad-related purposes (ex. security, ad measurement, service improvement etc.). Such Data may include Your digital identifiers, information about Your device and its settings, the url of a website, the content and the associated ad You are watching, Your approximate location, the socio-demographic or interest-based category we think You belong to (based on the information we have collected from or about You and/or obtained from third parties), as well as Your privacy choices. We may share  additional data with advertisers. For example, data related to ad performance (e.g. how many times it was viewed, clicked on or otherwise interacted with) or general demographic information on ad audience (ex.  age range, gender and location of most frequent viewers of their ads (ex. female between 25 and 30 years of age, living in New York)). The actual categories of disclosed or collected Data and the purposes it is used for depend on Your use of our Service, the terms of our cooperation with Commercial Partners, the technical protocol used and, when applicable, on Your actual privacy preferences.
Dailymotion works with a large number of ad-related Commercial Partners. Their list is published on our Service and may be consulted at all times from within the “Manage Cookies” section accessible within the EEA from the footer of our website and settings of our app. Note that it does not mean that when You visit our Service all of these Commercial Partners process Your Personal Data. Only the Commercial Partners (or their technical service providers) involved in posting the ads shown to You or publishing Content that You watch on Dailymotion Service process Your data. The identity of our Commercial Partners who process Your data depends on the Content and ads You watch on our Service.
3.2.2. Remaining Processing
When operating the Dailymotion Service, we may disclose to or share Your Data with our Commercial Partners. In particular, we and our
Selected Commercial Partners
may share the information we have about You in order to learn more about Your tastes and let each of us offer You more personalized services, products and ads.
In addition, we may, from time to time, disclose some of Your Data to selected Data Partners for their use to train general purpose Artificial Intelligence. If we do so, and when required by the applicable laws, we will provide You with a possibility to oppose to such disclosure of Your Personal Data.
3.2.3. Parties Roles and Responsibilities
When disclosed Data is used by a Commercial Partner for its own purposes, it is that Commercial Partner who is the Data Controller for the Processing it undertakes
.
As a Data Controller, each Commercial Partner determines the purposes for which it wishes to process Your Personal Data. These purposes may include the development, improvement and delivery of their services, audience and service analytics, personalization and adaptation to Your centers of interest of their content, commercial offerings and ads, whether on or outside of the Dailymotion Service,  conformity with their respective contractual and legal obligations, such as, e.g., geographic restrictions of their content exploitation rights, calculation of applicable fees or anti-fraud measures. You may learn more about ad-related Commercial Partners’ Processing purposes and legal ground(s) by accessing their IAB Vendor registrations or privacy policies through links available within the “Manage Cookies” section accessible within the EEA from the footer of our website and settings of our app.
When our Commercial Partners’ collection or processing of Your Personal Data depends on Your consent, Dailymotion asks You for such consent on behalf of our Commercial Partners. Consequently, You may, at all times, manage Your privacy preferences with regards to the collection or processing of Your Personal Data by our Commercial Partners Your within the “Manage Cookies” section accessible within the EEA from the footer of our website and settings of our app. You may also exercise Your rights by accessing the Commercial Partners’ respective privacy policies accessible from within this section.
For reasons inherent to the dynamic character of online activities, the list of Dailymotion Commercial Partners may evolve, and we invite You to consult it regularly for the most up-to-date information.
Note that refusing the use of Your Personal Data for ad-targeting purposes will not block advertisements. You will still see ads, but they will be less relevant to Your
interests.
4.
DATA RECIPIENTS
We may share personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information collected from or about You with third parties, or allow You to share Your personal information with third parties, such as social networks, as explained further below (“
Data Recipients
”).
We require such Data Recipients to adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements that we may enter into with them.
4.1. Third Party Login Services
If You connect to the Dailymotion Service through a third-party log-in system (ex. Your Google or Apple account), You may be choosing to share information about Your activities on the Dailymotion Service with that third-party. Furthermore, if You visit Dailymotion while logged-in to their accounts, then those entities may record Your browser details and combine technical information from Your web browser with other information that each of them already knows about You. Your decision to share information about Your activities on the Dailymotion Service with Your these third-parties may result in Dailymotion sending relevant information about You to these third parties which may then use that information or render it visible to their own users in accordance with applicable law, their own data and privacy policies, and Your privacy settings. We recommend You familiarize Yourself with these third parties’ respective data and privacy policies and available account privacy controls. We remind You that Dailymotion is independent from these third-party companies and that any privacy settings You might have chosen on the Dailymotion Service are not applicable on such third-party sites.
4.2. Commercial Partners
We work with a number of Commercial Partners who help us offer and improve the Dailymotion Service. Commercial Partners include
Selected Commercial Partners
,
Data Partners
, Content uploaders, as well as advertisers and other actors of the digital industry. We may disclose information collected from or about You to such Commercial Partners (or their authorized service providers) when we are legally authorized to do so, but such disclosure is always accompanied by appropriate technical, organizational or contractual measures aimed at ensuring the integrity and security of Your information (e.g., aggregation, anonymization, etc.).
In particular, we may share information, generally in the aggregated, encrypted or anonymized form, about You with advertisers and advertising-related service providers, for the purposes described above under Section 3.2, (e.g., to deliver advertising videos), to make ads relevant and interesting to You or to measure and improve the effectiveness of advertising campaigns or with our Data Partners to foster their development of new technologies, including artificial intelligence. Note that we do not share directly identifiable information about You (such as Your email address) with advertisers and advertising-related service providers.
4.3. Service Providers
4.3.1. General
Like most companies, we contract with third parties to provide us with specialized services in connection with our business activities. The services we contract vary and evolve in time and include:  payment solutions, analyzing and processing data (e.g. provision of analytics software that helps us  improve ads relevancy), hosting our websites and Content, providing customer support, communicating with You (e.g. email or push notification systems) or otherwise help us provide the Dailymotion Service.
When the delivery of these services requires so (and if You consented so or if we are otherwise authorized to do so), we share some of Your Data with our Service Providers. Our Service Providers commit to confidentiality obligations in conformity with the present Privacy Policy and with the contracts we sign with them.
4.3.2. Audience Measurement Providers
Our Commercial Partners, such as content providers and advertisers, seek to measure the performance of their videos across many platforms, including the Dailymotion Service. Accordingly, Dailymotion may use and permit the use on its Service of independent, industry-standard, third-party measurement solutions (e.g. Nielsen or comScore) that enables us or our Commercial Partners to include Your video views in our or their measurement statistics. We may also share our own usage statistics, in anonymized or aggregated form, with these Commercial Partners.
To learn more about Your choices with respect to audience measurement software, please see the information we have provided in Section 8 (“Your Privacy Rights”).
4.5. Public Authorities and Legal Counsels
In some instances, we may be required to disclose information from or about You to public authorities or to legal counsels without notifying You or giving You the opportunity to object. We may disclose Your information in good-faith to protect the legal rights of Dailymotion, of our affiliates or Commercial Partners, and of each of our respective equity holders, directors, officers, employees, or agents, and technical service providers acting as our processors or sub-processors; to protect the safety and security of our users   or of third parties; to enforce our
Terms of Use
; to prevent fraud; for risk management purposes; and to comply with or respond to the law, a legal process, or a request for cooperation by a government entity. However, it is Dailymotion’s policy, whenever reasonably possible and legally permissible, to promptly notify You upon receipt of a subpoena, court order or other document requesting Your Data , so that You will have adequate opportunity to initiate appropriate legal proceedings.
Furthermore, if You notify us that You believe Your legal rights have been violated by Dailymotion or by another user of the Dailymotion Service, we may provide the Data that You provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to Your complaint.
4.6. Third Parties in Connection with certain Corporate Transactions
If we sell all or part of our business, make a transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a change-of-control transaction, or in the event of bankruptcy, we may transfer or share information from or about You to one or more third parties as part of the transaction, including as part of the due diligence process. In such case, Your Data would be transferred or shared only as an integral part of the underlying transfer of the Dailymotion Service (or part thereof) and not sold separately to third parties.
4.7. When Sharing of Your Data is Consented or Accepted by You or if You instrcut Us to Share it
When You use Dailymotion Service’s features: Some features of the Dailymotion Service may enable You to share videos through our Video Player, along with any information You choose to share. Ex: You may choose to to share videos through Your own websites, applications or social network channels, such as Meta or X. If You hold an account with Meta or X, You may choose to share information about a video on the Dailymotion Service with Meta or X users through a dedicated sharing feature on our Service. Such sharing is only possible while You are logged-in to Your Meta or X accounts. Your decision to share information about a video on the Dailymotion Service may result in Dailymotion sending relevant information about You to Meta or X. Meta and X, pursuant to their respective data and privacy policies and to Your Meta and X privacy settings, may process Your Personal Data relevant to the sharing of such video.
When You contact our Support service: in order to provide You with requested assistance, we may have to share Your information with third parties. Ex. if You claim that a video available of the Dailymotion Service infringes upon Your rights, we may communicate Your contact details to a User who uploaded that video.
When you agree so: ex. if You agree to participate in a market study, answer a questionnaire, participate in a sweepstake or similar event, we may share Your information with third parties as described in the applicable notice.
When we receive a request from a third party to exercise their statutory rights: Ex., if Your Content contains Personal Data of third parties, we may, in conformity with our Terms of Use, communicate Your contact details to enable them to exercise their statutory rights. We remind You that You are a Data Controller of Third-Party Personal Data contained in Your Content. For example, when Your video shows Your friends their images are their personal data and You are a Data Controller of Your friends’ personal data. As a Data Controller You have a legal obligation to reply to their requests to exercise their privacy rights. For that reason, if we receive a request to delete Your video because it contains Third-Party Personal Data (or any other similar request) we will forward it to You, inform the requestor that You are the Data Controller of their Personal Data, and communicate Your contact details.
5.
DATA SECURITY AND ACCOUNT ACCESS
5.1. Data Security
The security of Your Data is important to us. Our goal is to make You feel confident and safe when using the Dailymotion Service.
We use a variety of physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, and modification. For example, we take steps to limit access to sensitive information from or about You to only those Dailymotion employees, agents, and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to access such information. We also use measures like encryption and hashing to help protect sensitive information when in transmission, and firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to Your Personal Data. We also use techniques such as data aggregation to render it more difficult to link and trace information to You.
Despite these efforts, there is always a possibility that a breach in data transmission or storage may occur. We want You to feel confident in our security when using the Dailymotion Service, but
we cannot guarantee the absolute security of Data at all times
. We advise You to exercise caution and, in particular, to use a unique and complex password for Your Dailymotion account, i.e. a password that You do not use for any other service You have an account with (which could prevent, in the event Your Dailymotion password confidentiality is breached, unauthorized access to these other accounts), to change Your password if You suspect its fraudulent use and contact us if You notice any suspicious activities on the Dailymotion Service. As a good practice, we also encourage using a dedicated email address as Dailymotion Service credential thus limiting potential impacts of its exposure in case of a data leak.
We remind You that Dailymotion is a content hosting platform and not a content storage service and that You are responsible for keeping copies of any Content You upload on our Service.
5.2. Account Access
If You have an account with us, Your Personal Data can be reviewed online from within Your account settings. You can also update Your information either via the account settings or by contacting us (see
Section 11.5 “Contact Us
” for more details).
Your account is unique to You and protected by a user-generated password.  We advise You to choose a unique and complex password, not to disclose it to third parties, and to change it if You have any doubts as to its confidentiality. Do not hesitate to contact us if You observe any suspicious activity on Your account. Note that if You use third party log-in solution (e.g. Google), Dailymotion does not store or manage Your password. Instead, it is that the policies of the third-party log-in solution that apply to the management of Your password.
If You allow others to use Your account (including by authorizing others to set up specific accesses within Your account), they may be able to view information about Your account (e.g. Your email address) or any of the playlists created within Your library (e.g. videos You have viewed). You should exercise caution while handling and disclosing Your Personal Data on our Service and avoid sending it through insecure email. Please refer to the
Federal Trade Commission’s website
at for further information on how to protect Yourself from identity theft.
6.
DATA RETENTION
Data is stored electronically on Dailymotion’s servers or with our cloud service providers and is kept only as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise required by applicable laws.
In particular, You may close Your Dailymotion account and delete any of Your Content at any time.  Pursuant to our inactive account and inactive content policies, we may as well proceed with their deletion.
We have a legal obligation to retain some Data, such as, ex. information associated with the identity of anyone having uploaded Content or invoicing details. If You ask us to delete Your Data, provided that its retention is not required or authorized by the applicable laws, the Data is deleted or anonymized and used for statistical purposes only. Please refer to
Section 8
below for further details on Your rights in relation to Your Personal Data.
7.
YOUTH RESTRICTIONS AND PARENTAL CONTROL
Children who are under the legal age in their country of residence to enter into an agreement with a digital service provider are defined in this Privacy Policy as “
Juniors
” and are not permitted to register with Dailymotion, i.e. are not allowed to open an account with our Service.
The age limit that determines whether a person is a Junior is defined by the laws applicable in Your country of residence and generally varies from 13 to 16 years of age.
In addition, Juniors should not use or access our Service without the involvement and consent of a parent or guardian.
Dailymotion Service is intended for the general public. It does not specifically cater to any particular age or interest group. When You visit our Service without being logged-in, we do not know Your age. Despite lacking that knowledge, we have designed some Service features protecting Young audiences. In particular, a parental control is activated by default when using our Service.
If You are the parent or legal guardian of a Junior, and that child has somehow registered with Dailymotion without Your approval and contrary to our Terms and Conditions, please contact Dailymotion’s support team, available 24/7 through the
Dailymotion Help Center
to initiate an account deletion procedure. When submitting Your request, please provide us with a sworn statement confirming that You are either a parent exercising full parental rights or a legal guardian of the child and indicate Your full name and address, the child’s full name and address, Your relationship to the child and Your email address. Dailymotion will use this information only to process Your request and verify that You are the child’s parent or legal guardian, and for no other purposes.
8.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
8.1. General
Depending on Your country of residence, You may be entitled to access, correct and/or delete the Data You have provided to us, by requesting to do so through the setting of Your account, or by reaching out to the
Dailymotion Help Center
via the dedicated section. When justified by the circumstances of Your request, we may ask You for a copy of Your ID or any other relevant documents, in order to confirm that You are indeed the data subject or a person authorized to exercise these rights on behalf of a data subject, and to determine the laws and procedures applicable to Your request.
If You are a resident of European Economic Area, UK, Switzerland, California, Brazil, Korea or Turkey, You may find in this Section (Sections 8.5 through 8.9) specific information and procedures applicable under the laws of Your country of residence.
8.2. Change of Privacy Settings for Promotional Communications
You may decide not to receive promotional communications from Dailymotion by accessing Your account settings. You may also communicate to us Your decision not to receive promotional communications by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in a particular promotional message.
Note that You cannot opt out from receiving administrative messages, service announcements, and messages regarding the terms and conditions of Your account because those may contain important information necessary to use the Dailymotion Service.
You can choose to receive push notifications from Dailymotion on Your device. If You do not wish to receive push notifications, You can use Your device’s settings to turn them off.
8.3. Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-based Ads on Websites (including Mobile Websites)
Dailymotion offers its users the ability to make choices about the use of their information for ad targeting. To learn more about how to exercise Your ad preferences, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
Some of the third parties that collect or participate in the collection of information from or about You on the Dailymotion participate in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This program offers a centralized forum where individuals can declare their choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising. To learn more and to make choices about the use of Your information for online behavioral advertising on websites, please click
here
. Please note that if You exclude online behavioral advertising using this method, this choice will only apply to the specific browser or device from which You opt out and only to companies participating in the “YourAdChoices” initiative.
In addition, some of these third parties may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), a cooperative of online marketing companies that offers a centralized tool for opting out of interest-based advertising delivered by each of its member companies. If You would like to obtain more information about interest-based advertising and the NAI and make choices about their members’ use of information from or about You on websites, please click
here
. Please note that if You exclude interest-based advertising using this method, this choice will only apply to the specific browser or device from which You opt out and only to companies participating in the NAI initiative.
8.4. Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-Based Ads within Mobile Apps
You can define Your preferences regarding the use of Your information or ad targeting within mobile apps by accessing a cookie preference module available directly within the settings of Dailymotion’s mobile applications.
Some of the third parties that collect or participate in the collection of information from or about You on the Dailymotion Service participate in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This program offers a mobile application called the “AppChoices,” which provides a centralized location where users can make choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising within the mobile application environment. The AppChoices application can be downloaded from Your mobile device at
https://Youradchoices.com/appchoices
or from Your device’s app store. Please note that if You exclude online behavioral advertising using this method, this choice will only apply to the mobile device You used to do so and only to companies participating in the AppChoices initiative.
You may also exercise Your choices by accessing Your device settings and selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices), which will allow You to limit our use of information collected from or about Your mobile device (such as precise location data) for the purposes of serving online behavioral advertising to You.
8.5. Additional Information for EEA Residents
8.5.1. Data Subjects Rights
Individuals located in the EEA (i.e. European Economic Area, UK and Switzerland) have certain statutory rights in relation to their Data that they can exercise with
Data Controllers
, i.e. with entities in charge of processing of their Data.
Data Subjects Rights when Dailymotion Acts as a Data Controller: Subject to statutory exemptions, if You reside in the EEA, You have the right to request f
rom Dailymotion SA
the access, update, deletion, correction or transfer of Your Personal Data that Dailymotion SA processes in its capacity of a
Data Controller
. You can do so by using the settings and tools provided in Your Dailymotion account or by contacting Dailymotion SA. If You encounter troubles using the settings and tools, or if You do not have a Dailymotion account, reach out to the
Dailymotion Help Center
via the dedicated  section or send a letter to the attention of our Data Protection Officer at the following address: Dailymotion SA, 50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France. Please include within Your request a clear description of Your request and information about Your country of residence, along with any information allowing us to identify Your Dailymotion account (such as the email address used to log into such account) or Data and to confirm Your identity.
Depending on the nature of Your request, You may be asked to provide further documents as needed to verify Your identity and the conformity of Your request with legal requirements and to identify the Personal Data that Your request pertains to.
Furthermore, You are entitled to define and communicate to us the rules applicable to Your Data upon Your death.
Note that, in compliance with applicable laws, some of Your Data may not be communicated, rectified or deleted despite Your request to do so. In such case, we will inform You about our incapacity to fully comply with Your request and the reasons behind that decision.
Data Subjects Rights when Dailymotion Does Not Acts as a Data Controller: We remind You that when using the Dailymotion Service, Your Data may be Processed by different entities acting in their capacity of a Data Controller. If we receive from You a legally compliant request (i.e. allowing us to identify the Data Controller and to reasonably establish that it is filed by a person whose Personal Data is processed) that pertains to Data processed by another Data Controller, we will, if reasonably possible, transmit the request and Your contact details to such Data Controller and inform You about it.
In particular,
if Your Personal Data is present in Content available on the Dailymotion Service, it is the User who uploaded that Content who is a Data Controller of Your Personal Data, Dailymotion’s role being that of a Data Processor
. In conformity with the GDPR, data subjects need to address their request to a Data Controller, i.e. to the User who uploaded that Content. Your For that reason, if we receive a request to delete a video showing Your Personal Data (ex. a recording of You) we will forward it to the User who has uploaded that video, i.e. to the Data Controller. That User will have a month to reply (with a possibility of prolonging that delay by one additional month). Only in the absence of such reply, i.e. when a Data Controller does not respect
its legal obligation
to reply to a data subject request
, Dailymotion may disable access to such video.  As a content hosting platform, we have an obligation to disable access to content that is manifestly illicit. The presence of Personal Data in Content is not in itself illegal. However, the absence of an answer from a Data Controller constitutes a non-respect of a legal obligation. It is that non-respect that renders Content illicit and triggers Dailymotion’s blocking access to it on our Service.
During the review of Your request by the Data Controller (i.e. by the Uploader), Content remains accessible on our Service unless Your Personal Data that it contains belongs to a category of sensitive Personal Data (ex. health data) or is that of a minor. In such case, because that type of Personal Data requires a higher level of protection, we will temporarily block access to the Content while awaiting Data Controller’s decision.
For further details regarding Dailymotion role in the processing of Your Data, please refer to Section 1.1.
8.5.2. Data Privacy Framework
Your Personal Data may be processed by Dailymotion Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary of Dailymotion SA. At the date of publication of this latest version of our Privacy Policy, Dailymotion Inc. is registered with the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) and committed itself to respecting set standards in processing Personal Data of European Economic Area, Swiss and UK data subjects. With respect to Personal Data received or transferred pursuant to Data Privacy Framework, Dailymotion Inc. is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Dailymotion Inc. acknowledges its potential liability in cases of onward transfers to Third Parties of Personal Data.  You may regularly verify Dailymotion Inc.’s self-certification with the DPF by consulting the list of  its participants available
here
. If You have a question or wish to file a complaint regarding the covered data, please reach out to Dailymotion Inc whose contact information can be found in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy. Please include within Your request a copy of Your ID, information about Your country of residence, and any information allowing us to identify Your account on the Dailymotion Service. Dailymotion Inc. will reply to You within 30 days.
If You are not satisfied with the final Dailymotion Inc. decision regarding Your complaint, You may use the other appeal venues defined in the DPF. In particular, upon exhaustion of the appeal rights with Dailymotion Inc. You may file Your complaint with the entity declared by Dailymotion Inc. with the DPF as competent for dispute resolution purposes, namely EU Data Protection Authorities, the Swiss FDPIC or the
UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
, and if not satisfied with that entity’s decision, use the arbitration procedure provided under the DPF. For further information on applicable procedures please visit the
DPF website
.
8.6. Additional Choices for the Residents of the United States of America
8.6.1. Additional Choices for California Residents
8.6.1.a.
Personal Data Processing Information under the California Privacy Laws
8.6.1.a.i. General
If You are a California resident, in addition to any other information You may find in this Privacy Policy, this section is intended to provide You with specific information required under the California Consumer Protection Act (“
CCPA
”) as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), collectively referred to as “
CCPA
”. In particular, in this section we explain Your rights, list the categories of Personal Information (“
PI
”) that we collect or use and explain whether and how, in the preceding 12 months, we have collected, disclosed, Sold or Shared Your PI.
The terms “
Personal Information,
” “
Business,
” “
Third Party
”, “
Service Provider
”, “
Contractor
”, “
Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
“, “
Sale
”, “
Share
” and “
Sensitive Personal Information
”  used in this section have the same meanings as defined in the CCPA.
If You have an account with Dailymotion, we identify You by the email address You use to log-in or any other credentials available for use as log-in from time to time. However, if You do not have an account, in most cases, we rely on a unique online identifier to identify and recognize You.
When You access our Service, a Dailymotion cookie (i.e. a small text file) is dropped on Your device’s browser. If You use different devices or different Internet browsers to access our Service (and unless You do so as a logged-in user, in which case we might be able to recognize You regardless of the device or browser used), You are assigned a different Service ID for each of Your device/ browser combinations. In other words, if You first accessed the Dailymotion Service using Firefox on Your laptop, but then visited it on Your phone using Chrome You will appear to us as two distinct users. Unless You access the Dailymotion Service as a logged-in user, any information that we might have about You is attached to that Service ID.
Due to legal rules applicable to our activities, the lifespan of our cookies is limited to 13 months. Once the 13-month period comes to an end, the Dailymotion cookie storing Your Service ID expires. The cookie may also be deleted before the end of that 13-month lifespan; for example, it may be deleted intentionally by You or through Your browsing settings.  If You continue to use our Service, a new Dailymotion cookie will be dropped on Your browser and a new Service ID will be assigned to You.
As already mentioned in this Privacy Policy, we do not cross-reference Service IDs that are assigned to You on our Service. Unless You are a logged-in user (in which case we recognize You through Your account credentials regardless of the number of Service IDs created for You), each new Service ID represents to us a new user. For that reason, and unless You are a logged-in user, if You decide to exercise any of Your CCPA rights, Your decision will only be applied to the Service ID under which we recognize You. In particular
, if You use the Dailymotion Service on several devices or Internet browsers, Your decision to Opt-Out of the Sale and Share of Your PI needs to be expressed on each such device or browser
.
8.6.1.a.ii. Collected PI:
Collection, Disclosure, Sale and Share.
We may obtain Your PI either from You (directly or indirectly), from Dailymotion Companies or companies we have business relationships with. We receive Your PI directly from You when You create an account or otherwise communicate with us or interact with our Service. We collect or generate information about You when You use our Service. Some of the PI that we collect might belong to the category of Sensitive Personal Information (“
SPI
”). We receive Your PI from companies with whom we have business relationships when, for example, we engage them to help us operate our Service. Your PI may be shared with and by Dailymotion Companies if they participate in operating our Service or if You use their services.
Additionally, in order to enable the delivery of ads, certain PI may be disclosed to us by advertising partners wishing to advertise on our Service.
We disclose Your PI to our Service Providers, Contractors and Third Parties. When such disclosure is done for monetary or other valuable consideration, it is referred to under the CCPA as a Sale. When it is done for the purpose of targeting of ads to a consumer based on PI obtained from such consumer’s activity across businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications or services other than the Dailymotion Service, it is referred to under the CCPA as a Share.
Note that the Dailymotion Service is an advertising-based content hosting platform, meaning that presence of both Content and ads is its essential feature. Our business purposes include: enabling You to use Your Dailymotion account and any of the available Service features, using technical means to display  Content and ads to You on the Dailymotion Service including to tailor the content and ads to Your needs and interests; delivering and monitoring of our technical platform; processing payments that may be due to Content uploaders; using data analytics services aimed at improving our Service and providing required reporting to content uploaders and advertisers; ensuring security and preventing fraud, abuse or illegal activity; engaging service providers; providing customer support and ensuring our compliance with legal or industry standard rules; and establishing, exercising or defending legal claims.
The PI that we collect may be disclosed to (i) Dailymotion Companies, (ii) our advertising partners participating in the delivery of ads on the Dailymotion Service (e.g. advertisers, media agencies), (iii) our service providers (data analytics services, technical service providers, payment facilitators), and, (iv) if required so by applicable laws, public authorities. When we disclose Your PI, we only do so to the extent needed to achieve our business purposes or those of Dailymotion Companies and to comply with the applicable laws or regulations.
In the tables below You will find detailed information regarding the PI we collect, disclose, Sell and Share and the purposes we do so.
8.6.1.a.ii.1.
Collected PI: Categories, Sources and the Purposes It is Used for and the Categories of Third Parties to Whom Your PI is Disclosed
The following categories of PI may be collected by us from or about You and disclosed in the preceding 12 months for the below-listed purposes:
CATEGORY OF PI
EXAMPLES OF PI  (Depending on the PI You provide to us and Your use of our Service)
BUSINESS OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES THE PI IS COLLECTED, SHARED, SOLD OR DISCLOSED FOR
CATEGORIES OF THE SOURCES THE PI IS COLLECTED FROM
CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES TO WHOM PI MAY BE DISCLOSED DURING THE PRECEDING 12-MONTH PERIOD
Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique digital identifiers linked to Your device, browser or application (ex. Service ID, third party online identifier, IP address, account credentials (email address, username, and any other account credentials as provided from time to time), account name, a copy of official ID, or other similar identifiers that You may communicate to us directly or indirectly when using our Service)
-To comply with a legal obligation
-To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including display of Content and ads
-You; either directly or indirectly
-Our Service Providers
– Business or persons providing services to us (ex. payment solution providers (when You authorize them to disclose to us Your account information necessary for us to pay You))
– Advertising partners
-Providers of 3rd Party connect features (ex. Apple connect)
-Dailymotion Companies
-Advertising  partners (digital IDs, IP address only)
-Public authorities
– Dailymotion Companies
-Business or persons providing services to us
Your Content
Your videos, comments, reactions, etc.
-To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including display of Content and ads
You
-End-user of the Dailymotion Service
– Dailymotion Companies
-Business or persons providing services to us
Commercial Information
Revenues generated, Payment method details for payments made by us (to the exclusion of credit card details)
-To comply with a legal obligation
-To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including display of Content and ads
-You, indirectly (information generated by us based on Your Content activity)
-Business or persons providing services to us (ex. payment solution providers (when You authorize them to disclose to us Your account information necessary for us to pay You))
-Content right holders
-Public authorities
-Payment solution service providers
-Dailymotion Companies
-Business or persons providing services to us
Demographic Information
Date of birth, gender, language, geographic location
-To comply with a legal obligation
-To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including display of Content and ads
– You; either directly or indirectly
-Providers of 3rd Party connect feature (ex. Apple connect)
– Advertising partners (age range, either deduced or actual), gender, language and geographic location only
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Public authorities
-Dailymotion Companies
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement, including information on the upload of the Content
-To comply with a legal obligation
-To achieve our business purposes
-You; indirectly
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Dailymotion Companies
– Advertising partners
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Public authorities
-Dailymotion Companies
Geolocation data
-IP address
-Postal address
-To comply with a legal obligation
-To achieve our business purposes
You, indirectly
-Advertising partners (IP address only)
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Public authorities
-Dailymotion Companies
Device information
Device used, language and other settings, operating systems
To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including display of Content and ads
-You; indirectly
-Business or persons providing services to us
– Advertising partners
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Dailymotion Companies
Inferences drawn from PI to create Your profile
User segments based on Your deduced geographic location, age and/or viewing preferences and behavior
To achieve our business purposes
-You, indirectly (information generated by us based on Your activities)
-Dailymotion Companies
– Advertising partners
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Our Content right holders
-Dailymotion Companies
Content of Your communication with us
Any information that You might provide to us
To provide You the Service and in particular to provide assistance requested from our support service
You; directly or indirectly
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Public authorities
-Dailymotion Companies
-Right holders (ex. when You notify to us a possible copyright infringement)
Sensitive Personal Information
-Social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport, to the extend You communicate it to us (ex. as part of Your exchanges with our Support service)
-Information about Your possible ethnic origin or information on Your interaction with our Service that may reveal Sensitive Information.
Ex. if You watch content related to pregnancy You may see ads for baby products. Your interaction with an ad for health products may be recorded to measure ad performance.
-To comply with a legal obligation and, in particular, to establish a verifiable consumer request
– To provide You the Service and in particular to provide assistance requested from our support service
-To serve contextual ads. To better understand our Service audience including ad campaign analysis.
You; directly or indirectly
Business or persons providing services to us
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Public authorities
-Dailymotion Companies
-None;
Only de-identified and aggregated information may be provided to advertising partners
NB. Dailymotion Player is present on Dailymotion digital properties and on third parties’ digital properties (ex. websites). When our Player is embedded on a third party’s website, we use, for technical reasons, the url of that website to deliver ads and Content. In general, urls do not reveal any of Your SPI. In rare cases where full urls might suggest Your SPI (ex. when You visit a website addressed to a religious community, its url may suggest Your religious convictions), note that Dailymotion does not use that SPI. The full urls are used by us for technical purposes, including to display Content or ads, ensure security and debug, without the actual content of the url being analyzed by us.
8.6.1.a.ii.2.
Collected PI: Categories, the Purposes It is Sold or Shared for and the Categories of Third Parties Your PI is Sold to or Shared with
The CCPA defines the “Sale” of PI as sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s PI by the Business to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. When Your PI is thus communicated for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising, then such communication is referred  as Share.
Dailymotion does not knowingly Sell or Share PI of minors under 16 years of age.
As a part of our business activity, we may Sell to and Share Your PI with third parties with whom we cooperate, advertisers or tech companies. When You use our Service, our advertising partners collect Your PI, such as digital identifiers (e.g. online identifiers, IP address), activity history (how You interact with their ads) and electronic information (e.g. what browser You use), and You are shown their ads. These companies may use such information to help us conduct our business activities (in doing so, they are our Service Providers) and for their own business purposes including tailoring ads You see on and outside of our Service. Targeting of ads based on Your PI obtained from Your activity across different businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications, or services is referred to under the CCPA as “
Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
”. When our advertising partners engage in Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising (i.e. when they use Your PI collected on our Service and on other websites and services, to show You ads on and outside of the Dailymotion Service), our disclosure of Your PI to them amounts to the Share of Your PI.
Note that there is no Share of Your PI when ads You see on our Service are targeted exclusively using the PI collected on the Dailymotion Service. Consequently, if You Opt-Out of Sale or Share of Your PI, You will still see ads on our Services and these ads may continue to be tailored to Your interests but that tailoring may be less precise as it will be based only on the PI collected while using the Dailymotion Service. Your PI may continue to be disclosed to other entities but they can use it only for Dailymotion’s business purposes and pursuant to a written contract we have with them.
If You are over 16 and wish to Opt-Out from the Sale or Share of Your PI please refer to section 8.6.1.a.vi below to learn how to exercise that right.
The following categories of PI have been Sold or Shared by Dailymotion for the below-listed purposes in the preceding 12 months:
CATEGORY OF PI
EXAMPLES OF PI (Depending on the PI You provide to us and Your use of our Service)
BUSINESS OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSE THE PI IS SOLD OR SHARED
CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES WITH WHOM PI MAY BE SOLD OR SHARED DURING THE PRECEDING 12-MONTH PERIOD
Identifiers
Unique digital identifiers linked to Your device, browser or application (ex. Service ID, third party online identifiers, cookie IDs), IP address
To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including delivery of targeted ads
-Tech companies
-Advertising partners
Demographic Information
Age range, either deduced or actual gender, language, geographic location
To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including delivery of targeted ads
-Tech companies
-Advertising partners
Geolocation data
IP address
To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including delivery of targeted ads
-Tech companies
-Advertising partners
Device and connectivity information
Information about Your current connection to the Dailymotion Service pertaining to the device and Service connection; device used, language and other settings, operating system browser, url
To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including delivery of targeted ads
-Tech companies
-Advertising partners
Your Content
Your publicly available videos and related metadata to the exclusion of directly identifying personal information
– To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including financing of our Service
– To foster new technologies including through training of AI models.
selected Data Partners
8.6.1.a.iii. Retention Period of PI
Your PI is retained for as long as it is needed to fulfill our business purposes, including the execution of a contract we have with You, compliance with legal obligations or as necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. It is deleted, aggregated, deidentified or anonymized once it is no longer needed for the purposes described above. For each type of data and operation, we set retention timeframes based on the purpose for its collection, and ensure it is kept for no longer than necessary.
8.6.1.a.iv.
Automated Decision-Making
Dailymotion uses algorithms to improve our Service. For example, we use algorithms to generate more pertinent search results when You use our search engine or otherwise recommend content that we believe might be of interest to You. We also use them to infer some information from Your use of our Service. That information may be Your age range or gender. We use that deduced information to provide You with a more personalized experience.
8.6.1.a.v. California Consumer Rights
If You are a California resident, You have the right to know what PI we have collected about You, including the categories of PI, the categories of sources from which Your PI is collected, the business or commercial purpose behind our collection Sell or Share of Your PI, and the categories of third parties to whom Your PI may be disclosed. You may request access to (including obtaining a portable-format copy of Your PI that You provided to us) or deletion of Your PI or correction of inaccurate PI that we have in our records and that we have collected or otherwise obtained during the 12-month period preceding Your request. You also have the right to instruct us not to Sell or Share Your PI with Third Parties and, to the extent that Your SPI are used otherwise than to provide You with our Service or as authorized under the CCPA (which, at present Dailymotion does not do) to Limit the Use and Disclosure of SPI.
You may exercise any of these rights either directly or through an authorized representative. If You wish to make a request regarding Your PI via an authorized agent, You must provide this agent with Your written permission indicating the right which You wish to exercise, which is to be submitted to Dailymotion together with copies of Your and Your agent’s official IDs at the time of filing a request. We may ask for additional documents or information if we judge them necessary to establish whether Your request meets the legal standards of a verified request (i.e. means to determine that the consumer making a request is the consumer about whom Dailymotion has collected PI, or if that consumer is less than 13 years of age, the consumer’s parent or legal guardian), verify the agent’s authority to act on Your behalf, the extent of the authorizations You have granted and to identify Your PI.
Your choice to exercise any of the above-listed rights will not result in any discriminatory treatment regardless of whether in relation to Your use of the Dailymotion Service or Secondary Websites.
8.6.1.a.v.1.
Right to Opt-Out from Sale or Share of Personal Information and Limit the Use and Disclosure of SPI
You have the right to “opt-out” of the Sale or Share of Your PI, which means that You can tell a business to stop Selling or Sharing Your PI and to refrain from Selling or Sharing it in the future. Exercising Your Opt-Out right does not affect previously Sold or Shared PI.
To exercise this right, click on the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share/Process It for Purpose of Targeted Ads” link available on our Service (within the footer of our website and in the settings of our app). If You access our Service through our Player embedded on third party websites or applications or while using a small-screen device, You may see a different link. For technical reasons, due the available space, You may see a shorter text such as “
Don’t Sell/Share/use my Info for Targeted Ads
” or “
Opt-Out Sale/Share/Targeted Ads
”.
Note that the Opt-Out link may not be visible or functional if You access our Service using a non-California IP address
(e.g. while accessing the Dailymotion Service from a different state or country or doing so using location-masking technologies such as a proxy or a VPN (Virtual Private Network) software). If You are a California resident and encounter problems in the exercise of Your Opt-Out right, such as if You are not physically in California at the time, we invite You to contact us directly using either of the contact methods listed in Section 8.6.1.viii.
When available, You may also use a so-called “opt-out preference signal”, i.e. a browsing technology meeting the standards set by CCPA, that enables You to opt-out from Sale or Share of Your PI with all businesses You interact with on-line using a given device and browser without having to exercise that choice individually with each of such businesses. Note that while we provide You with the possibility to opt out from our Sale and Share of Your PI, the implementation of that opt-out preference signal may not be frictionless and require some additional interaction from You.
When an operation requiring share or sale of your PI has a particular scope, ex. is limited in time or concerns a particular category of data, we may offer you a dedicated opt-out option to enforce transparency of our operations.
Upon exercising Your right to Opt-Out, we will cease Selling and Sharing Your PI. In particular, we will refrain from disclosing it to Third Parties for their own business purposes.
Note that while we will not Sell or Share Your PI once You exercise Your Opt-Out right, we may still disclose such information to our business partners in order for them to help us carry out our own business activities. In these circumstances, our business partners will act as our Service Providers or Contractors and they will not be allowed to use Your PI for any purposes other than those we ask them to or as otherwise authorized by the CCPA.
We remind You that an Opt-Out decision is limited to the device and the browser used
. If You use our Service on different devices or via different browsers, Your Opt-Out decision needs to be communicated to us separately on each of them and renewed every time the associated Service ID is no longer active.
Additionally
, if Your Service ID is no longer recognized by our Service (either because the cookie it is stored in has expired or because You or the technology You use (e.g. Your Internet browser) has deleted such cookie or prevented its deployment), we will no longer be capable of either recognizing You or acknowledging that You have opted-out from the sale of Your PI. We invite You to verify Your registered options by accessing Your CCPA settings through the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share/Process It for Purpose of Targeted Advertising” link
(or
“Don’t Sell/Share/use my Info for Targeted Ads
” or “
Opt-Out Sale/Share/Targeted Ads
”), accessible from within the footer of our website and in the settings of our app,
and to renew the Opt-Out procedure if needed
.
Note that Dailymotion does not use SPI for purposes other than the ones disclosed in section  8.6.1.a.ii above or as otherwise permitted under the CCPA. Consequently we limit our use and disclosure of Your SPI to what is necessary to perform the services reasonably expected by an average user of the Dailymotion Service or as otherwise authorized under the CCPA.
8.6.1.a.v.2.
Requests to Opt-In After Opting-Out of the Sale and Share of Your PI
Once You have exercised Your right to Opt-Out, it is possible for You to opt back into the Sale and Share of Your PI. You will be alerted if a transaction requires the Sale of Your PI in order to be completed.
Opting back into the Sale and Share of Your PI is an easy two-step process: You just have to request to opt-in and You will then be asked to confirm Your choice. You may do so by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share/Process It for Purpose of Targeted Advertising” link (or “Don’t Sell/Share/use my Info for Targeted Ads” or “Opt-Out Sale/Share/Targeted Ads”) accessible from within the footer of our website and in the settings of our app, or by using any of the other contact methods described in Section 8.6.1.h below.
8.6.1.a.v.3.
Right to Access and / or Delete Your PI and / or Correct Your Inaccurate PI
In addition to the right to be informed about the PI we collect, disclose, Share or Sell (i.e. information available in this Privacy Policy), You have the right to request that Dailymotion provides You with access to the specific pieces and categories of Your PI that Dailymotion has collected, disclosed, Sold or Shared during at least  12 months preceding Your request. This request can only be made once every 12 months.
You also have the right to request the correction or deletion of Your PI that Dailymotion collected or maintained during the same 12-month period.
If requested so and to the extent technically feasible, upon receipt of Your access request we will provide the specific pieces of PI obtained from You in a form that is easily understandable to the average consumer, in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format enabling transmission to another entity without hindrance.
Upon receipt of Your verifiable request to delete Your PI, we will proceed with the deletion of such information unless otherwise authorized or required by law.
8.6.1.a.vi. Methods for Submitting a Verifiable Consumer Request
In addition to exercising Your Opt-Out right via the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share/Process It for Purpose of Targeted Advertising” link (or “Don’t Sell/Share/use my Info for Targeted Ads” or “Opt-Out Sale/Share/Targeted Ads”) accessible from within the footer of our website and in the settings of our app, You may submit Your Opt-Out, access, correction or deletion request by contacting our Support Policy Team using one of the following methods:
making a request via the “Personal Data” dedicated section available on the
Dailymotion Help Center
;
sending an email to
feedback@dailymotion.com
At a minimum, the following information must be provided with Your request:
Your account login (email address, username or other account credentials used to log-in to Your Dailymotion account) or Your Service ID(s), which You will be able to retrieve by following the instructions that we will provide to You;
the nature of Your request, i.e. what rights You wish to exercise;
documents evidencing that You are a California resident;
an email or a physical address we may use for further correspondence in relation to Your request;
whether Your request concerns Yourself or a third party (if You file on behalf of a third party, You must submit documents evidencing Your legal authority to do so (e.g. a signed document from the person You file the request for specifying the content of the request You are authorized to file, together with a copy of that person’s and Your own official IDs)).
To help our Help Center team identify the applicable procedures, we strongly recommend that You mention in the object or body of Your request a reference to the  or California Consumer Protection Act.
Depending on the content and circumstances of Your request, You may need to follow additional procedures (e.g. retrieve Your Service ID following the instructions provided by our Support Team) or provide additional supportive documents as necessary to confirm Your identity and allow us to identify Your PI.
Note that in order to comply with requests to access, correct, delete, or disclose a consumer’s PI, it is mandatory for Dailymotion to first verify such requests. The CCPA rights in relation to Your PI can only be exercised by You, meaning that Your request cannot concern PI that is not Yours and no one else can exercise the CCPA rights in relation to Your PI (unless acting as Your authorized agent). Consequently, before processing a request, we need to take reasonable measures to verify the identity of the person sending us a request, that person’s entitlement to exercise the CCPA rights and to identify the information such request relates to.
The actual verification process may take different forms depending on the circumstances of Your request. For example, if You have a Dailymotion account, You may be asked to reply to a verification email sent to You by our Support Team at the email address You use to log-in. The Dailymotion Support Policy team will guide You through the applicable procedures.
Your requests will be answered within the CCPA-prescribed 45-day period. However, when reasonably necessary, we may require up to an additional 45 days to  respond to Your request. We will inform You if we decide to extend the reply period.
8.6.1.b Third Party Marketing Activities
If You are a California resident, You may be entitled to request disclosure of the categories of PI (such as Your name and contact information), if any, that we share with third parties who wish to contact You or send You promotional information about their products and services directly (as compared to when the third party is acting on our behalf or You have provided Your PI as part of a co-promotion by Dailymotion and the third party). You may also request the names and addresses of these third parties. Please note that You can only make these requests once per calendar year.
If You are a California resident and would like to request a copy of this information regarding our disclosure of PI to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, please contact us using the procedure described in Section 8.6.1.a. (viii). or send us a letter at: Legal Department, Dailymotion Inc., 150 W 22nd Street, 12th Floor, NY, NY 10011, United States.
8.6.1.c. Specific Rules Applicable to Deletion of Information Published by Minors
If You are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user of the Dailymotion Service, You may request and obtain removal of Content or information that You have posted publicly on the Dailymotion Service. To make this request, please contact the
Dailymotion Help Center
and include a detailed description of the specific content or information You would like to remove and confirming Your country and state of residence. Please note that this removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the Content or information posted on the Dailymotion Service by You, as there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal.
8.6.2. Additional Information and Choices for Residents of
U.S.A. Privacy Law States
, except California
In addition to any other information which You may find in this Privacy Policy and in particular the description of how Dailymotion may process Your personal information (“
PI
”) provided in Section 8.6.1 “Additional Choices for California Residents ”, this section is intended to provide You with specific information as may be required under the local privacy laws of Your state of residence.
Each state legislation provides distinct definitions of the key terms used in relation to the processing of PI. For example, when PI is disclosed to third parties for cross-context targeted advertising (i.e. information collected when You use different services serves to tailor the ads You see on our Service), the California law refers to it as “Share” while the Virginia law uses the term processing for the purposes of “Targeted Advertising”.   Additionally, each state law defines independently the date on which You start benefiting from the rights provided to You. We invite You to consult the applicable state laws  to know the exact definitions of different privacy-related terms and the entry into force of the rights You benefit from.
Unless otherwise indicated in the present Section 8, all references to Share under Section 8.6 refer to the processing of PI for the purposes of Targeted Advertisement. Any other term has the meaning assigned to it independently under each applicable state privacy law.
8.6.2.a. Residents of the
U.S.A Privacy Law States
We inform You that Dailymotion does not process Your PI for the purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning consumers.  Dailymotion may disclose Your PI in a commercial context, in particularly when delivering tailored ads.
Please refer to section 8.6.1. for information on how Dailymotion may process Your PI.
In particular:
For information on the purposes of Dailymotion’s processing of Your PI please refer to Section 8.6.1.a.ii  “Collected PI: Collection, Disclosure, Sale and Share”
For information on the categories of personal data disclosed to third parties, the purposes of such disclosure and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose Your PI,  please refer to section 8.6.1.a.ii.1. “Collected PI: Categories, Sources and the Purposes It is Used for and the Categories of Third Parties to Whom Your PI is Disclosed”. Note that Dailymotion may disclose Your de-identified PI to third parties such as Content right holders or advertisers for reporting purposes. Such reports contain aggregated information not intended to identify You directly.
Dailymotion finances its commercial activities from advertising revenues. The presence of advertisement is an essential part of our Service. Consequently, we may process Your PI to show You the ads believed to be of interest to You. We may also Share Your PI with third parties for the purpose of Targeted Advertisement. In such case, Your PI related to Your use of the Dailymotion Service is combined by these third-parties with information about Your use of other services,  to select ads that are believed to correspond to Your interests.  You have a right to opt-out from the processing of Your PI for the purpose of Targeting Advertising by either exercising Your choice directly on our Service, by following the link “Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share/Process It for Purpose of Targeted Advertising” (or “Don’t Sell/Share my Personal Information or Target Ads” or “Opt-Out Sale/Share/Targeted Ads” if accessing our Service through Dailymotion Player embedded on third party websites or apps or while using a small-screen device) or by contacting our
Customer Service
. The Opt-Out links are accessible from within the footer of our website and in the settings of our app. They may not be available or operational if You access our Service outside Your state of residence.  Opting-out will not stop advertising but the ads You will see might be less pertinent, as they will be based only on the information we derive from Your use of our Service.
If You wish to exercise any of the rights granted under Your state’s  privacy laws (for ex. the right to opt-out,  be informed, to access,  correct or , delete Your PI,  or the right to data portability) You may contact our
Customer Service
indicating Your state of residence and the right(s) You wish to exercise. If You are a resident of a state providing for an appeal procedure  and disagree with our reply to Your request,  You may appeal it by filing an appeal request with our
Customer Service
, including the original request and the reply provided by Dailymotion.  Your appeal will be examined by a specialized team different from the one that issued the original reply. If You wish to contest the appeal decision, You may do so by filing a complaint with state Attorney General.
Depending on Your state of residence, our response time to Your initial and appeal request varies from 45 to 60 days and may be extended taking into account the complexity of Your case and our workload.
Note that exercise of Your rights will not result in any discriminatory treatment by Dailymotion. Please refer to Section 8.6.1.(a)(vi). “Methods for Submitting a Verifiable Consumer Request” for further details on how to exercise Your rights.
8.6.2.b.
Residents of the state of Nevada
If You are a resident of Nevada, note that Dailymotion does not presently sell personal data as this term is defined by the Nevada privacy laws. However, if You are a Nevada resident, You may nevertheless contact our
Customer Service
indicating Your state of residency to exercise Your right to opt-out of sale pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
8.7. Specific Information and Rights Applicable to Korean Residents
8.7.1.
일반사항
귀하가 한국에 거주하는 경우, 본 개인정보 처리방침의 내용에 더하여, 본 섹션에서 개인정보 보호법에 따라 필요한 세부 정보를 알려드리도록 하겠습니다.
개인정보의 공개 및 이전
구체적으로, 당사는 아래 열거된 제3자에게 개인정보를 제공하거나 개인정보의 처리를 위탁(국외 이전 포함)합니다.
개인정보의 제3자 제공(제3자가 자신 스스로의  목적으로 개인정보를 처리하는 경우):
개인정보를 제공받는 제3자
제공되는 개인정보 항목(당사가 보유하고 있는 정보 및 파트너사의 유형에 따라 다름)
개인정보를 이용하는 목적
파트너사
디지털 식별자, 귀하가 이용하는 기기 및 그 설정 정보, 귀하의 대략적인 위치(예: IP주소 일부), 귀하의 프로필(귀하가 속하는 것으로 생각되는 사회인구학적 범주 및 귀하가 시청하는 콘텐츠 및 관련 광고 그리고 귀하가 이 콘텐츠 및 광고와 어떻게 상호작용하는지에 대한 정보).
광고의 송출(상황별 광고이든 사용자의 관심사에 맞게 조정된 광고이든 무관), 송출된 광고 캠페인의 추적 및 분석, 서비스에 파트너사가 업로드한 콘텐츠의 시청에 대한 추적 및 분석, 사기 적발, 서비스 개선
계열사 : Dailymotion SA 및
비방디 그룹이 완전히 소유한 회사
디지털 식별자, 귀하가 이용하는 기기 및 그 설정 정보, 귀하의 대략적인 위치(IP 주소 일부), 귀하의 프로필(귀하가 속하는 것으로 생각되는 사회인구학적 범주 및 귀하가 시청하는 콘텐츠 및 관련 광고.
당사가 보유하고 있는 경우 : 이메일 주소, 연령, 성명, 별명, 우편 주소.
비방디 그룹 회사의 상품을 귀하의 관심사에 적합하도록 맞춤화하기 위하여 이용
공공 당국 및 기타 법적 절차상 권한 있는 주체
Dailymotion에 업로드된 동영상에 관한 정보
법령상 의무 준수
귀하가 선택한 결제 솔루션 서비스 제공자(Dailymotion 파트너 프로그램 회원에 한함)
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg (정보 보호 담당 연락처 : DPO; PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg)
Payoneer Inc., 150 West 30th street, Suite 500, New York, NY 10001; USA(정보 보호 담당 연락처 :
DPO@payoneer.com
)
또는 기타 귀하가 선택한 다른 은행 기관
귀하의 콘텐츠에서 창출된 수익 및 정산 처리에 관한 정보, 청구 세부 내용(성명, 주소, 결제 솔루션 제공자에 대한 귀하의 ID, Dailymotion 계정 ID), 정산 정보(지급액, 세금)
귀하가 당사와 체결한 당사의 계약상 의무의 이행
제3자에 대한 개인정보의 처리위탁(제3자가 당사를 대신하여 귀하의 개인정보를 처리하는 경우)
수탁자 및 귀하의 개인정보가 이전되는 국가(*)
이전되는 개인정보 항목(당사가 알고 있는 실제 정보에 따라 다름) 및 이전방법
위탁 업무 및 보유 기간
Dailymotion SA; 50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France;
(정보 보호 담당 연락처:
DPO
)
Dailymotion이 처리하는 모든 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
Dailymotion이 처리하는 모든 개인정보의 보관 및 당사 계열사의 주요 활동 국가 내 귀하에 대한 당사 서비스 제공 지원.
귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전됩니다.
귀하의 개인정보는 당사의 서비스를 귀하에 제공하는 데 필요한 기간 동안 또는 관련 법률에 의해 달리 승인되거나 요구되는 기간 동안 보유됩니다. 예를 들어, 업로드된 동영상은 프랑스, 미국 및 싱가포르에 저장되고, 그 삭제일로부터 30일까지 당사 시스템에 보유됩니다.
Dailymotion Advertising SAS;
50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France
(정보 보호 담당 연락처:
DPO
)
Dailymotion Asia Pacific Pte Ltd,
137 Amoy Street; Singapore 049965 (정보 보호 담당 연락처 :
고객 서비스
)
Dailymotion이 처리하는 모든 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
당사 계열사의 주요 활동 국가 내 귀하에 대한 당사 서비스 제공 지원
귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전됩니다.
귀하의 개인정보는 당사의 서비스를 귀하에 제공하는 데 필요한 기간 동안 또는 관련 법률에 의해 달리 승인되거나 요구되는 기간 동안 보유됩니다. 예를 들어, 업로드된 동영상은 프랑스, 미국 및 싱가포르에 저장되고, 그 삭제일로부터 30일까지 당사 시스템에 보유됩니다.
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.,
22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg (정보 보호 담당 연락처 : DPO; PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg)
Payoneer Inc.,
150 West 30th street, Suite 500, New York, NY 10001; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처 :
DPO@payoneer.com
)
귀하의 콘텐츠에서 창출된 수익 및 정산 처리에 관한 정보, 청구 세부 내용(성명, 주소, 결제 솔루션 제공자에 대한 귀하의 ID, Dailymotion 계정 ID), 정산 정보(지급액, 세금)
네트워크를 통한 전송
지급 처리 및 Dailymotion 파트너 프로그램 회원의 정산 촉진.
귀하의 개인정보는 결제 당시 이전되며 금융기관에 적용되는 법률에서 법적으로 요구되는 기간 동안 보유됩니다.
Google Ireland Limited,
Gordon House; Barrow Street; Dublin 4; Ireland, Google Inc.(미국)의 자회사
(정보 보호 담당 연락처:
https://support.google.com/policies/contact/general_privacy_form
)
comScore B.V.,
Herikerbergweg 280, 1101 CT Amsterdam ; the Netherlands (DPO:
Mouton Rouge SASU, 3 rue docteur Bleicher; 54000 Nancy; France (정보 보호 담당 연락처 : Mouton Rouge SASU, 3 rue docteur Bleicher; 54000 Nancy; France)
Amplitude,
631 Howard Street, Floor 5, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA, (data protection contact details:
here
)
귀하가 무엇을 업로드하고, 시청하며, 어떻게 당사 서비스와 상호 작용하는지 등 귀하의 당사 서비스 이용에 대한 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
당사의 정보 분석 및 처리 지원. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용하거나 Dailymotion이 당사의 서비스 제공자가 제공하는 애널리틱 툴을 사용할 때 이전되며, 최대 13개월 또는 귀하의 계정 기간 동안 보유되고, 그 이후 삭제 또는 총계처리됩니다.
Salesforce.com France S.A.S;
3 Avenue Octave Gréard 75007 Paris – France, Salesforce.com Inc, 미국의 자회사 (정보 보호 담당 연락처 :
privacy@salesforce.com
)
귀하의 연락처 세부 정보 및 적용되는 상업적 조건 등 귀하의 당사 콘텐츠 수익화 기능 사용에 관한 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
Dailymotion 파트너 프로그램 회원의 계정 관리. 귀하의 개인정보는 예상(prospect) 또는 파트너 계정의 생성 또는 업데이트 당시 이전되며, 귀하의 파트너 계정 삭제 또는 마지막 상업적 연락으로부터 최대 3년 동안 보유됩니다.
Google Ireland Limited,
Gordon House; Barrow Street; Dublin 4; Ireland), Google Inc.(미국)의 자회사 (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
https://support.google.com/policies/contact/general_privacy_form
)
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL “AWS” ,
38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, Amazon Web Services Inc. (미국)의 자회사 (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
)
MongoDB Ltd. (Atlas),
3rd Floor, 3 Shelbourne; Buildings, Nallsbridge; Dublin 4; Ireland; Atlas (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
privacy@mongodb.com
)
광고가 보여질 때 사용된 귀하의 이용자 또는 디바이스 ID, 귀하에게 해당되는 광고 부분, 귀하에 보여진 광고, 귀하의 광고와의 상호 작용 등 광고 시청과 관련된 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
당사의 서비스 및 귀하의 이용에 관한 데이터 일부 호스팅. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전되며, 당사의 사업 목적을 위해 필요하거나 관련 법률에 의해 달리 승인되거나 요구되는 기간 동안 보유됩니다. 예를 들어, 귀하의 Dailymotion 광고 쿠키 ID는 6개월 동안 보유됩니다.
Zendesk Inc. 1
019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처: Zendesk’s Global Privacy Counsel:
Rachel Tobin, AGC, EMEA & Global Privacy Counsel, Zendesk International Ltd. 55 Charlemont Place, Saint Kevin’s, Dublin, D02 F985 Ireland
privacy@zendesk.com
)
CallPoint New Europe SRL (“Telus),
AFI PARK 3, Vasile Milea boulevard n°4G ; 6th district ; Bucharest, Romania;
(연락처:
TI.Privacy.Office@telusinternational.com
)
법무법인(유) 광장 (대표변호사 김상곤)
• 이메일:
한국 개인정보 보호 문제 전용 이메일
• 우편: 대한민국 서울시 중구 남대문로 63 한진빌딩 법무법인 광장(Dailymotion의 국내대리인)
• 전화: 02-6386-7195
귀하의 연락처 세부 정보, 귀하의 질문 등 당사에 전달되 귀하의 질문에 관한 개인정보(귀하가 당사에 보낸 요청에 따라 실제 세부 사항은 다름).
네트워크를 통한 전송
고객 지원 제공. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 당사의 지원 팀에 연락할 때 이전되며, 귀하의 요청을 처리하는 동안 보유되고, 그 후 관련 법률에 따라 기록됩니다.
Braze Inc.
330 W 34th Street, 18th Floor, New York, NY 10001, USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
privacy@braze.com
, Braze Privacy Policy Issues, 330 West 34th Street, 18th Floor, New York, NY 10001; USA)
의무적 사항에 대하여 연락하고 귀하에 뉴스레터를 보내기 위해 사용된 연락처 세부 정보, 이메일, 성명, 성별.
네트워크를 통한 전송
의무적 서비스 연락 및 마케팅 툴 제공. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 계정을 생성하면 이전되고, 귀하의 계정 삭제 때까지 보유됩니다.
Beeswax.IO Corporation,
275 7th Ave 21st Floor; New York, NY 10001; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
privacy@beeswax.com
)
광고 전송을 위해 사용된 귀하의 이용자 또는 디바이스 ID, 비정밀 지리 위치(non-precise geolocation), 연결 데이터, 귀하에게 해당되는 광고 부분, (존재하는 경우) 귀하에 보여진 광고에 대한 정보 등 광고 전송에 관한 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
광고 전송 지원. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전되며, 90일 동안 보유되고 그 후 13개월 동안 추가로 기록됩니다.
White Ops Inc.,
27 West 24th Street, Suite 901, New York, NY 10010; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처: White Ops Inc., 27 West 24th Street, Suite 901, New York, NY 10010; USA)
Oracle America, Inc., (MOAT)
500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, CA 94065; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처: Oracle Corporation, Global Data Protection Officer; Willis Tower; 233 South Wacker Drive; 45th Floor; Chicago, IL 60606; U.S.A.)
Integral Ad Science France SASU,
33 rue Lafayette; 75009 Paris, France (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
privacy@integralads.com
or DPO at
dpo@integralads.com
; Lucid Privacy; 1556 Shrader Street; San Francisco CA 94117; USA; Attn: Integral Ad Science)
IP 주소.
네트워크를 통한 전송
유효하지 않은 트래픽 감지를 통한 광고 전송 지원. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전되며, 당사의 사업 목적을 위해 필요하거나 관련 법률 및 업계 표준에 의해 달리 승인되거나 요구되는 기간 동안 보유됩니다. 예를 들어, “Moat” 솔루션을 통해 유효하지 않은 트래픽을 감지할 때 사용되는 귀하의 IP 주소는 현재 1년 동안 보유됩니다.
DataDog Inc.
620 8th Avenue, 45th Floor; New York; NY 10018-1741; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처: Datadog, Inc., 620 8th Avenue, Floor 45, New York, NY 10018; Email:
gdpr@datadoghq.com
.)
모니터링 도구를 통해 감지된 사건을 조사하면서 접근될 수 있는 모든 개인정보, 조사된 사건의 성격에 따라 달라지는 접근된 실제 정보(예: 귀하의 IP 주소).
네트워크를 통한 전송
어플리케이션, 인프라, 네트워크의 성능 모니터링 보장. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전되며, 1년 동안 보유됩니다.
(*) 유럽 경제 지역(European Economic Area,“EEA”)에 위치한 회사들은 EEA 국가에 위치한 인프라를 사용할 수 있습니다.
Dailymotion이 개인정보를 유럽, 미국 및 싱가포르에 있는 서버에 보관한다는 사실에 유의하십시오. 또한 당사는 한국 국외에 위치한 제3자 클라우드 스토리지 제공자의 서비스를 이용하여 일부 개인정보를 보관하고 있습니다.
다른 회사들과 마찬가지로, 귀하에게 당사 서비스를 제공하기 위하여 Dailymotion은 업무 중 일부를 제3자 서비스 제공자들에게 위탁하고 있습니다(한국 국외에 위치한 자도 포함합니다).
국외 보관 및 위탁은 귀하와 당사의 계약을 이행하고, 정보통신서비스를 제공하기 위하여, 그리고 귀하의 이용자 경험을 향상하기 위하여 필수적입니다.
8.7.2. 데이터 보유
제6절에 더하여, 당사는 관련 법률 및 규정에 따라 아래의 개인정보를 정해진 기간 동안 보존할 수 있습니다:
통신비밀보호법: 귀하의 로그인 내역 기록 : 최소 3개월
귀하의 개인정보는 법령상 의무를 이행하기 위하여 필요하거나, 관련 법령상 허용되는 경우(예: 법적 청구의 성립, 행사 또는 방어를 위해 필요한 경우) 당사 또는 당사의 수탁자에 의한 그 보유 기간이 더 연장될 수 있음을 유의하십시오.
8.7.3. 개인정보 파기
개인정보의 보유기간이 경과되거나 처리 목적이 달성되어 개인정보가 불필요하게 된 경우, 개인정보는 아래에서 설명하는 다음의 방법을 이용하여 익명처리되거나 파기됩니다.
•
파기 절차
: 기술적으로 가능한 경우, 관련 개인정보는 보유기간이 경과되면 자동적으로 파기됩니다.
•
파기 방법
: 개인정보가 전자적 파일 형태로 기록되어 저장되어 있는 경우, 이는 기술적 방법(예: 로우레벨 포맷)을 통해 파기하여 해당 기록이 복원될 수 없도록 합니다. 종이 문서의 형태로 기록 및 저장되어 있는 개인정보의 경우, 분쇄하거나 인증 된 서비스를 통해 파기하는 방법을 사용하고 있습니다.
8.7.4. 법적 권리
귀하가 한국에 거주하고 있다면, 귀하, 귀하의 법정대리인 또는 기타 귀하가 관련 권한을 위임한 자는 일정한 예외사유를 제외하고는 귀하의 개인정보에 대한 일정한 권리를 갖습니다.:
o 귀하의 개인정보 처리에 대한 정보를 제공받을 권리
o 개인정보 처리에 대하여 동의하거나, 동의를 거부하거나, 동의의 범위를 한정할 권리
o 개인정보 처리를 확인하고 개인정보의 열람을 요구할 권리
o 개인정보 처리를 정지하거나, 개인정보를 정정, 삭제, 파기할 권리
o 개인정보 처리 과정에서 발생한 피해에 대하여 신속하고 공정한 절차에 따라 배상을 받을 권리
위 권리를 행사하는 방법에 대한 더 자세한 정보는 제8.1.절을 참조하여 주십시오.
8.8. Specific Information and Rights applicable to Turkish Residents
If You reside in Turkey, the following specific conditions apply to You:
Dailymotion may process Data listed under Section 2 for the purposes explained under Section 3 based on the following legal grounds:
processing is explicitly laid down in or dictated by laws;
processing of Your Data, is necessary provided that it is directly related to the conclusion or fulfilment of Your contract with us;
processing is mandatory for us to be able to comply with our legal obligations;
the relevant data is made available to the public by Yourself;
processing is mandatory for the establishment, exercise or protection of a right;
processing is mandatory for our legitimate interests, provided that it does not violate Your fundamental rights and freedoms;
Your explicit consent (this legal ground is only used in relation to processing that requires Your consent and is not used for any processing that might be performed based on another legal ground).
Pursuant to the applicable privacy laws in Turkey, You have the following rights regarding Your Data:
the right to learn whether Your Data is processed;
the right to request information with respect to such processing;
the right to learn the purposes of processing and whether Your Data is used for such purpose or not;
the right to know the third parties within or outside Your country to whom Your Data is transferred;
the right to request correction of Your Data if it is incomplete or inaccurate;
the right to request deletion or destruction of Your Data in accordance with applicable laws;
the right to request notification of actions taken within the scope of (v) and (vi) above items to third parties, who received Your Data from us;
the right to object to the consequences that are to Your detriment, as a result of the analysis of Your Data solely by automated means;
the right to claim indemnification if You suffer damages due to illegal processing of Your Data.
For further information about Your rights under the article 11 of the Turkish Data Protection Law, You may refer to the official law text accessible
here
in Turkish only.  Dailymotion has designated İlay Yılmaz as its personal data controller representative in Turkey to handle questions and complaints strictly in connection with the processing of Personal Information related to individuals in Turkey. Her contact details are listed under Section 11.5 below.
8.9. Specific information and Rights applicable to Brazilian Residents
Dailymotion may process Data listed under Section 2 for the purposes explained under Section 3 based on the following legal grounds:
consent;
compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation;
execution of public policies (only applied to the public administration and when the public policy is set forth in laws or regulations or supported by contracts, agreements, or similar instruments);
for carrying out studies by research bodies;
execution of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract (Data subjects need to be a party of this contract);
regular exercise of rights in lawsuits or administrative or arbitration proceedings;
protection of the life or of the physical safety;
protection of health (only applicable to procedures carried out by health professionals, health services, or sanitary authorities);
legitimate interests of the controller or a third party; and
credit protection.
Dailymotion may share the Data with third party data recipients who may be:
our service providers acting in their capacity of processors,
our partners acting in their capacity of independent controllers,
competent public authorities,
Dailymotion’s processors carrying out the processing according to the instructions provided by us and are liable for such processing.
Independent controllers carrying out the processing in an autonomous manner. Dailymotion does not decide nor is responsible for any such processing.
As a Brazilian resident, You are entitled, at any time, to exercise any and all of the following rights:
The right to confirmation of the existence of the processing;
The right to access the Data;
The right to correct incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date Data;
The right to anonymize, block, or delete unnecessary or excessive Data or Data that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
The right to the portability of Data to another service or product provider, by means of an express request
The right to delete Data processed with the consent of the data subject;
The right to information about public and private entities with which the controller has shared Data;
The right to information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial; and
The right to revoke consent.
For further information about Your rights under the article 18 of the Brazilian Data Protection Law (“
LGPD
”), You may refer to the official law text accessible
here
in Portuguese only.  If You wish to exercise any of the rights listed hereinabove, please contact Dailymotion Inc.
here
. To help our Help Center team identify the applicable procedures, we strongly recommend that You mention in the object or body of Your request a reference to the LGPD and/or to identify Brazil as Your country of residence.
9.
SPECIFIC CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO DAILYMOTION SECONDARY SITES
In connection with its main activity as a content hosting platform, Dailymotion operates Secondary Sites addressed to professionals in the advertising industry, such as software developers wanting to contribute to or use the Dailymotion APIs, content right holders interested in the Dailymotion’s Partner Program, advertisers, media agencies and various actors of the marketing sector and other persons who wish to learn more about our offering and our company of apply for a job position. All of the Secondary Sites can be accessed from the Dailymotion Site but, due to the particularity of their audience, may be subject to distinct terms of use.
Indeed, since the Secondary Sites of Dailymotion are not intended primarily for users of the Dailymotion Site, the Processing purposes described in this Privacy Policy are not the same as those applicable to the Secondary Sites.
The Secondary Sites may collect their visitors’ Data for purely statistical purposes, in particular to register the number of visits to the Secondary Sites’ pages and the behavior of their visitors (e.g. navigation time, pages clicked on, videos viewed, or articles read, etc.).
Dailymotion may use different types of cookies on the Secondary Sites:
so-called “functional” cookies designed solely to operate these Secondary Sites correctly or, if You decide so, to enable You to log-in using third party log-in tools (e.g. Google Connect);
audience measurement and statistical analysis cookies, deposited by Dailymotion or by our subcontractors providing audience measurement services (e.g. Amplitude).
The use of these audience measurement cookies is subject to the same rules as those explained in the present Privacy Policy. You can, at any time, oppose their use by indicating Your decision on the Consent Management page accessible from the footers of our Secondary Sites. You may also exercise Your rights of access, modification or deletion as described in Section 8 above.
10.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS AND STANDARD CONTRCATUAL CLAUSES
10.1. General Information
Processing of Your Personal Data takes please in the EEA and outside of the EEA.  When storing Your Data Dailymotion uses its own servers as well as those of its service providers including cloud storage service providers. Dailymotion’s policy is to use servers located in Europe, whenever technically possible as further described below.
Storage of Content:
Your  Content other than Comments: Content is stored on servers located in the EEA and owned by Dailymotion or by our cloud storage service providers, at present Amazon AWS. If You decide to make Your Content available outside of the EEA, an additional temporary “cache” copy of extracts of Your Content may be created on servers operated by our cloud storage service providers and located outside of the EEA. Creation of that cache copy is inherent to the video deliver technology and serves to reduce the latency, i.e. enables a viewer to see a video faster by shortening the time between the request to see a video and the appearance of that video on the viewer’s screen. A cache copy is stored on servers that are geographically close to a viewer. Creation of  cache copies on non-EEA servers results in a transfer of Your Personal Data, namely, extracts of Your Content, outside the EEA.
Comments: depending on the territory Your access the Dailymotion Service from, You may have a possibility to comment on the Content available on our Service. Your Comments are stored in the USA on servers used by our service provider assisting us with operating the comment feature.
Your Operation of the Dailymotion Service: Operation of the Dailymotion Service involves cooperation of all companies  belonging to the Dailymotion group.  Some of these companies are located outside the EEA. Consequently, non-EEA Dailymotion entities may process Your Personal Data outside the EEA, namely in the USA, Singapore or other countries in which members of their staff operate.
Service Features:
Display of ads: when You are shown an ad, Your Personal Data may be transferred outside of the EEA if an advertiser or a technical intermediary process it in such territory.
Service features other than display of ads: Dailymotion Service enables various features, ex. storage of Content, display of Content, statistics, customer support, Content search or recommendation. The Data thus processed is stored on servers owned by Dailymotion and by our services providers (ex. cloud-storage service providers, customer support, business analytic tools, etc.) and is analyzed using Dailymotion’s and our service providers’ tools. For example, if You have an account with Dailymotion, Your email address is transferred to our USA-based service provider who assists us with User communication.
10.2. Data Processors/ Service Providers
Dailymotion uses services of different Data Processors/ Service Providers, the list of which is accessible
here
.
10.3. Legal Mechanisms Relied Upon
We may disclose Your Data to third parties, be it our service providers, our Commercial Partners or public authorities, including those located outside of Your country of residence. Dailymotion respects privacy rights, and strives to collect, use and disclose Your Data strictly as necessary and in a manner consistent with the applicable laws, including when such processing of Your Data is carried out outside of the country of Your residence. In particular, Dailymotion transfers the Data of EEA residents to non-EEA countries, only when sufficient level of protection is ensured.
Note that the competent EEA authorities have determined a list of non-EEA countries considered as providing an adequate level of protection. Transfer of Personal Data to such countries does not require additional safeguards. When transfer of EEA residents Data by Dailymotion is undertaken to countries that are not on this list and is not otherwise authorized by the applicable laws, such transfer relies on the  following mechanisms  to ensure the security of Your Data:
The
Data Privacy Framework
(for transfers to the U.S. only), or
the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, accessible
here
and accompanying technical measures, if applicable, or
Binding Corporate Rules in place within multinational organizations, or
derogative mechanism as provided in
article 49 of GDPR
, if applicable.
Note that because Your Content is You Personal Data, by making it available to viewers outside of the EEA, You render Your Personal Data present in these territories as well.
11.
MISCELLANEOUS
11.1. Third-Party Access Points, Devices and Links
The Dailymotion Service may be accessible through third-party websites, applications and other means of access operated by other companies (collectively, “
Third-Party Access Points
“). For example, You can access the Dailymotion Service through third-party websites where the Video Player has been embedded. The Dailymotion Service also may contain links to third-party websites or applications. For example, if You click on an advertisement or a search result on our website, You may be taken to a website that we do not control. None of these Third-Party Access Points, devices, websites or applications are operated by Dailymotion, even if they contain our name or logo. As such, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of these Third-Party Access Points. Accordingly, we recommend that You review their respective privacy policies for further information.
11.2. Deleting Your Dailymotion Account
If You have an account with us, You may choose to delete Your Dailymotion account, in accordance with our
Terms of Use
, via the settings of Your Dailymotion account when signed in. If You are a Member of our Partner Program, deletion of Your account will require a prior termination of that Program. Please note that after You delete Your account, You will not be able to sign into our website or access any of Your Personal Data. However, You can open a new account at any time. If You delete Your account, we will still retain some information from or about You when we are required to do so under the applicable law or contracts we are party to. We may also continue to use some of the Data in anonymized or pseudonymized forms for various operational and analytical purposes. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties, as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties’ policies.
11.3. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
If You reside in a country of the European Economic Area, UK and Switzerland:
unless the waiver of choice of jurisdiction is not authorized under applicable laws, You agree that any dispute between You and Dailymotion arising out of or relating in any way to this Privacy Policy or our collection, processing and/or use of Your Data shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of France, without reference to its conflicts of laws, and notwithstanding multiple defendants or third party claims. You also agree that any claim or dispute between You and Dailymotion shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Paris.
If You reside in a country that is not part of the European Economic Area, UK or Switzerland
: unless the waiver of choice of jurisdiction is not authorized under applicable laws, You agree that any dispute between You and Dailymotion arising out of or relating in any way to this Privacy Policy or our collection, processing and/or use of Your Data shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflicts of laws, and notwithstanding multiple defendants or third party claims. You also agree that any claim or dispute between You and Dailymotion shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction located in the New York County.
11.4. Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law or the Dailymotion Service or for other reasons in our discretion. We may do so as needed, but in any event, the Privacy Policy will be updated at least once every 12 months. Therefore, it is important that You verify the effective date of the latest update of the Privacy Policy each time You visit the Dailymotion Site or use any of the Dailymotion Service, to ensure You are familiar with our most updated policies and practices. If we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify You by posting a notice on the Dailymotion Site.
If You are a User or a Partner, we may also send an email to the email address that You most recently provided to us in Your Dailymotion account settings, prior to the material change taking effect. Accordingly, please keep Your account information, including email address, updated. Any material change to this Privacy Policy will be effective automatically (i) 7 days after the revised Privacy Policy is first posted or, for users who register or otherwise provide opt-in consent during this 7-day period, at the time of registration or consent, as applicable, or (ii) immediately upon its publication, if required so by applicable laws.
11.5. Contact Us
If You have further questions about this Privacy Policy, wish to learn more about our information-handling practices, or wish to exercise Your Privacy Rights, You can reach us:
by sending an email request to the
Dailymotion Help Center
via the dedicated “Your Personal Data” section or to the domestic representative designated below, if he/she is located in Your country or state of residence,
To help our Help Center team identify the applicable procedures, we strongly recommend that You mention in the object or body of Your request a reference to the local privacy law You refer to (e.g. GDPR, CCPA) and identify Yourself as well as Your country of residence.
by sending a letter to the attention of:
our Data Protection Officer at the following address: Dailymotion SA, 50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France, if You reside in a country of the EEA and/or for matters relating to the GDPR; or
our Legal Department at the following address: 150 W 22nd Street, 12th Floor, NY, NY 10011, United States, if You reside in a country that is not part of the EEA; or
the domestic representative designated below, depending on Your country of residence:
If You reside in South Korea /
귀하가 한국에 거주한다면, 아래 추가 조항이 귀하에게 적용됩니다 :
Dailymotion has designated
Lee & Ko
as its domestic representative in South Korea to handle questions and complaints relating to the processing of Korean users’ Personal Information and to handle tasks prescribed by the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection. You may contact our domestic representative by using the following information:
• Lee & Ko (Sang Gon Kim, Managing Partner)
• Email:
Email Reserved for Korean Privacy Issues Only
• Mail: Lee and Ko (Domestic Representative of Dailymotion), Hanjin Building, 63 Namdaemun-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, Korea,
• Telephone: 02-6386-7195
Dailymotion has designated Ms. Majdoline TRAVERS as its Chief Privacy Officer under the Korean privacy laws. Chief Privacy Officer may be contacted by email at
here
or by letter addressed to Dailymotion Inc. to the attention of Korean Chief Privacy Officer; c/o Dailymotion SA, 50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France.
Dailymotion은 대한민국 이용자의 개인정보 처리 관련 고충과 문의의 처리 및 정보통신망 이용촉진 및 정보보호 등에 관한 법률에서 정한 업무의 처리를 위해 법무법인(유) 광장을 국내대리인으로 지정하였습니다. 아래 정보를 이용하여 국내대리인에게 전화, 이메일, 또는 우편으로 문의하실 수 있습니다.
– 법무법인(유) 광장 (대표변호사 김상곤)
– 이메일:
국내 개인정보 문의
– 우편: 서울 중구 남대문로 63, 한진빌딩 18층, 법무법인 (유) 광장, Dailymotion 국내대리인 전화: 02-6386-7195
Dailymotion은 한국 개인정보 보호 관련 법령에 따라 Ms. Majdoline TRAVERS를 개인정보 보호책임자로 지정하였습니다. 개인정보 보호책임자에게 연락하기 위하여는
legal@dailymotion.com
에 이메일을 송부하시거나, 수신인을 Dailymotion Inc. 한국 개인정보 보호책임자 앞으로 하여 c/o Dailymotion SA, 50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France. 에 우편을 송부하시기 바랍니다.
If You reside in Turkey (Türkiye) / Türkiye’de ikamet ediyorsanız:
For Privacy Matters
: Pursuant to applicable privacy laws in Turkey (Türkiye), You may contact our data controller representative in Türkiye for privacy matters by email or mail by using the following information:
Esin Attorney Partnership Email :
[Email Reserved for Turkish Privacy Issues Only]
Mail : Esin Attorney Partnership (Data Controller Representative of Dailymotion) Ebulula Mardin Cad., Gül Sok. No. 2
Maya Park Tower 2, Akatlar-Beşiktaş 34335 Istanbul, Türkiye.
For takedown requests
: the easiest and most efficient way to report a Content that You deem inappropriate is to click the “report” button below each video. In addition to such online tool, You may also, as a Turkish resident, send a letter or an email in Turkish to the Representative appointed by Dailymotion in Türkiye, in the scope of the Law No. 5651:
Name: Gökhan Gökçe
Address: Buyukdere Cd. No. 193/2 Esentepe – Sisli – Istanbul
Email :
[Email reserved for content takedown requests from Türkiye
only]
By sending a content takedown request to Dailymotion, You acknowledge and agree that Dailymotion may have to forward Your request (including the personal data contained in it) to the uploader of the disputed content, if such communication is necessary to process Your request.
Gizlilik ile ilgili Meseleler için: Türkiye’deki geçerli gizlilik yasaları uyarınca, bu husustaki meselerle ilgili olarak aşağıdaki bilgileri kullanarak e-posta veya posta yoluyla Türkiye’deki veri denetleyici temsilcimizle iletişime geçebilirsiniz.
Esin Attorney Partnership E-posta:
[E-posta adresi yalnızca Türkiye’deki Gizlilik Meseleleri için ayrılmıştır]
Posta: Esin Avukatlık Ortaklığı (Dailymotion’ın Veri Denetleyici Temsilcisi)
Ebulula Mardin Cad., Gül Sok. No. 2 Maya Park Tower 2, Akatlar-Beşiktaş 34335 İstanbul, Türkiye
İçeriğin yayından kaldırılması talepleri için: Uygunsuz olduğunu düşündüğünüz bir içeriği bildirmenin en kolay ve en etkili yolu, her videonun altındaki “bildir” düğmesini tıklamaktır. Bu tür internet üzerinden sunulan bir araca ek olarak, 5651 Sayılı Kanun kapsamında, Türkiye’de ikamet eden biri olarak, Dailymotion tarafından Türkiye’de görevlendirilen Temsilciye Türkçe bir mektup veya e-posta da gönderebilirsiniz.
Nom: Gökhan Gökçe
Adres: Büyükdere Cd. No. 193/2 Esentepe –Şişli– İstanbul
E-posta:
[E-posta adresi yalnızca Türkiye’den gelen içeriğin yayından kaldırılması talepleri için ayrılmıştır]
Dailymotion’a bir içeriği yayından kaldırma talebi göndererek, talebinizi işleme koyabilmek için böyle bir iletişim gerekmesi durumunda, Dailymotion’ın talebinizi (içerdiği kişisel veriler dahil), ihtilaflı içeriğin yükleyicisine iletmesi gerekebileceğini kabul etmektesiniz.
If You reside in Brazil / se voce reside no brasil:
Dailymotion has designated Ms. Natasza Gach as its data protection officer under the Brazilian General Data Protection Act to handle questions and complaints strictly in connection with the processing of Data related to individuals in Brazil. You may contact our data protection officer for such privacy matters by email or mail by using the following information:
Nom: Ms. Natasza GachAdresse : Dailymotion Inc – Legal Department – Attn: Ms. Natasza Gach – Data Protection Officer for Brazil – 150 W 22nd Street, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10011, United States
Email:
[Email reserved for processing of Data related to individuals in Brazil only]
You are also entitled to file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
Dailymotion designou a Sra. Natasza Gach como sua diretora de proteção de dados sob a Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados do Brasil para lidar com perguntas e reclamações estritamente relacionadas com o processamento de dados relacionados a indivíduos no Brasil. Você pode entrar em contato com nosso diretor de proteção de dados para questões de privacidade por e-mail ou correio usando as seguintes informações:
Nome: Sra. Natasza GachEndereço: Dailymotion Inc – Departamento Jurídico – Attn: Sra. Natasza Gach – Oficial de Proteção de Dados para o Brasil – 150 W 22nd Street, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10011, Estados Unidos
Email:
[Email reservado para processamento de dados relacionados a pessoas físicas apenas no Brasil]
Você também tem o direito de registrar uma reclamação junto à Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANPD) por meio de seus canais oficiais.
If You reside in the United Kingdom
Dailymotion has designated the DPO Centre Ltd. as its local representative to handle questions and complaints strictly in connection with the processing of Data related to individuals in the United Kingdom. You may contact our representative for such privacy matters by email or mail by using the following information:
Postal Address: The DPO Centre Ltd, 50 Liverpool street, London, EC2M 7PY, UK
Phone number: +44 (0) 203 797 6340
Email:
Email reserved for UK personal data protection issues
If You reside in the United States of America
In order to exercise Your rights under the local USA privacy laws, You may contact us at:
Postal Address: Dailymotion Inc., Legal Department, 150 W 22nd Street, 12th Floor, 10011 New York, NY
Email:
click here
In case of translation of all or part of this Privacy Policy, You acknowledge and agree that only the English version of this Privacy Policy shall prevail in any event, including where such translation is provided by DAILYMOTION.