Skip to content
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Thank you for visiting Papertrell.com and, if applicable, choosing to use our Service. This Privacy Policy, like our Terms and Conditions, is an integral part of using our service, and you must completely agree to it in order to use our Site and Service.
2. Definitions
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we may use certain words or phrases, and it is important that you understand the meaning of them. The list is not all-encompassing and no definition should be considered binding to the point that it renders this Privacy Policy nonsensical:
“Papertrell” refers to the business which owns this website (Trellisys.net Private Limited), our Site, or our Service, depending on the context of the usage;
“Privacy Policy” refers to this Privacy Policy, to which you agree in exchange for our permitting you to access and/or use our Site and/or Service.
“Service” refers to the services that we provide through our Site, including but not limited to our mobile app publishing platform
“Site” refers to our website, www.papertrell.com;
“User” refers to you, as well as any other person who uses our Service, or visits our Site;
“You” refers to you, the person who is agreeing to this Privacy Policy with Papertrell.
3. Information Collected
Identifying Information Collected by Us
When using our website, you will provide your name, e-mail address, mailing address, date of birth, and telephone number. You will also upload any content that you wish to have published.
We may charge fees for the use of our Service. We may choose to process your payment directly, or we may pass some or all of the information you provide to us, including your credit card information, to a third party payment processor for processing.
Non-Identifying Information
Whenever you visit our Site, we may collect non-identifying information from you, such as your IP address, referring URL, browser, operating system, cookie information, and Internet Service Provider. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, this information alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
End User Data
Papertrell may collect data about the end users of any apps created using our Service, subject to our receiving authorization from such end users to do so. You agree that Papertrell shall be the sole owner of such data and may exploit it for any purposes, commercial or otherwise, that it sees fit, and that you shall not be entitled to review the data.
You further agree that you will not interfere or aid or abet any other party in interfering with the collection or exploitation by Papertrell of end user data.
For greater certainty, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, end user data may include information about end users similar to that described in the “Identifying Information Collected by Us” and “Non-Identifying Information” subsections of this section of the Privacy Policy, as well as notes, comments, and any other information.
4. Use of Your Information
We may use your information:
To enhance or improve users’ experiences, our Site, or Service.
To process transactions.
To send e-mails about our Site or respond to inquiries.
To send e-mails about the Site and other products, news, or updates for Papertrell, or other businesses, websites, or services owned or operated by us.
5. Accessing, Editing, and Removing Your Information
Users may in some cases be able to review and edit the personal information they have provided to us by logging into their account on the Site and editing their account. Although most changes may occur immediately, information may still be stored in a web browser’s cache. We take no responsibility for stored information in your cache, or in other devices that may store information, and disclaim all liability of such. In addition, we may, from time to time, retain residual information about you in our backup and/or database. Express withdrawal of consent is required if you wish your data to be deleted from our databases. All reasonable attempts will be made to ensure personal data is deleted from our databases subject to the Storage Period policy.
6. Storage Period
We only store personal data for as long as necessary for the purpose the data was collected for.
This means that personal data collected based on your consent, will be deleted if you withdraw your consent. Personal data processed by our platform in performance of our association with you, will be deleted once the contract is implemented and all obligations pursuant to this are implemented. All data related to your account, including personal data, location data, access logs are retained until you delete your account.
Personal data, Invoices, Location data, IP Addresses, Shipping Addresses related to any purchases or financial transactions are retained for a period of 7 years from the date of transaction or 7 years from the date of account deletion, which ever is later for any government auditing related purposes.
7. Cookies
We use cookies to save your preferences. For this reason, you must have cookies enabled when you use our Site or Service.
8. Third Parties
8.1 Third Party Websites
Papertrell or its Users may post links to third party websites on its Site or through its Service, which may include information that we have no control over. Whether you access third party websites through a link on our Site, or as a consequence of using our Service, you acknowledge that you are aware that these third party websites are not screened for privacy or security issues by us, and you release us from any liability for the conduct of these third party websites.
Please be aware that this Privacy Policy, and any other policies in place, in addition to any amendments, does not create rights enforceable by third parties. Papertrell bears no responsibility for the information collected or used by any advertiser or third party website. Please review the privacy policy and terms of service for each site you visit through third party links or through our Service.
8.2 Purchases
You will be required to provide your financial information to us and/or a third party payment processor when paying for your subscription. It is your responsibility to ensure the security of your payment details when making purchases through this third party, and we recommend that you conduct routine credit bureau checks to protect your identity.
9. Third Party Access to Your Information
Although you are entering into an agreement with Papertrell to disclose your information to us, we do use third party individuals and organizations to assist us, including contractors, web hosts, and others.
Throughout the course of our provision of our Services to you, we may delegate our authority to collect, access, use, and disseminate your information. For example, our web host stores the information that you provide us, and we may hire third parties to assist us in maintaining, repairing, improving, or otherwise assisting us with our Site and Services.
It is therefore necessary that you grant the third parties we may use in the course of our business the same rights that you afford us under this Privacy Policy. For this reason, you hereby agree that for every authorization which you grant to us in this Privacy Policy, you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services of for the purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our website or its underlying files or systems. You agree not to hold us liable for the actions of any of these third parties, even if we would normally be held vicariously liable for their actions, and that you must take legal action against them directly should they commit any tort or other actionable wrong against you.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you agree that we may use Google Analytics and Flurry to collect analytics, demographic, and other general information about Users.
10. Law Enforcement
You agree that we may disclose your information to a third party where we believe, in good faith, that it is desirable to do so for the purposes of a civil action, criminal investigation, or other legal matter. In the event that we receive a subpoena affecting your privacy, we may elect to notify you to give you an opportunity to file a motion to quash the subpoena, or we may attempt to quash it ourselves, but we are not obligated to do either. We may also proactively report you and release your information without receiving any request to third parties where we believe that it is proper to do so for legal reasons, such as instances where we believe your actions violate any law of the Republic of India or any other country having jurisdiction over us, our Site, Services, or our Terms of Service. You release us from any damages that may arise from or relate to the release of your information to a request from law enforcement agencies or private litigants. We may release your information under the conditions listed in this paragraph whether it is to individuals or entities in the Republic of India or elsewhere.
11. Further Information Collection
We may now, or in the future, work with banks, government agencies, and others to improve our Service and combat money laundering or other unlawful acts. You agree that, in furtherance of our working with such entities, we may require that you provide us with additional financial information or identity verification information in order to fulfill our obligations to such third parties, and that we may pass your information to such third parties without your consent for the purpose of anti-money laundering or other measures, regardless of whether we suspect you specifically of having broken any laws. If you refuse to provide such information, we may terminate the provision of our Service to you.
12. Commercial and Non-Commercial Communications
By providing information to the Site that forms the basis of communication with you, such as contact information, you waive all rights to file complaints concerning unsolicited email from us since, by providing such information, you agree to receive communication from us other anyone else covered under this Privacy Policy. However, you may unsubscribe from certain communications by notifying Papertrell that you no longer wish to receive solicitations or information and we will endeavor to remove you from our database where you have the right to request this under our Agreement, Privacy Policy, or applicable law, or where we voluntarily decide to grant the request.
13. Security Measures
We take certain measures to enhance the security of our Site and Services, including using SSL Certificates. However, we make no representations as to the security or privacy of your information. It is in our interest to keep our website secure, but we recommend that you use anti-virus software, routine credit checks, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security and privacy threats.
14. Your California Privacy Rights
Papertrell permits residents of the State of California to use its Service, and complies with the California Business and Professions Code §§ 22575-22579. If you are a California resident you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Various provisions throughout this Privacy Policy address requirements of the Californian privacy statutes. In summary, you must presume that we collect electronic information from all visitors. You may contact us at info@trellisys.net with any questions.
15. International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the Republic of India and choose to provide information to us, Papertrell may transfer personal information to the Republic of India or elsewhere and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
16. Amendments
Like our Terms of Service, we may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will post a notice of when this Privacy Policy was last updated. You must agree to the amendments as a condition of your continued use of our Site and Service. If you do not agree, you must immediately cease using our Site and Service and notify us of your refusal to agree by e-mailing us at info@trellisys.net.
We're Online!
How may I help you today?