Privacy Policy
It is Comitic's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website and our mobile products. This Privacy Policy covers Comitic’s treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") and other data that Comitic gathers when you are accessing Comitic’s services.
Protection of Certain Personally Identifying Information
Comitic may disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that:
(1) need to know that information in order to process it on Comitic's behalf or to provide services available at Comitic's website and mobile platforms, and
(2) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Comitic services, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
Comitic
does not rent, sell or otherwise exchange for profit
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. Comitic will disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Comitic believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Comitic, third parties or the public at large.
In addition, if Comitic sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of all or a material part of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Comitic may transfer your personally identifying information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.
If you are a registered user of one of Comitic services and have supplied your email address, Comitic may occasionally send you emails to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Comitic and our products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Comitic takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
What Information Does Comitic Collect?
We collect (via partner's SDKs) information, some of which may be considered personal. Such as but not limited to: OS version, phone model, phone resolution, advertising id etc.
                                Any information collected by our partners is strictly via their SDKs.  This information 
                                is used by our advertising partners to make sure the ads that are served are most relevant to our users.
We do not volunteer or share any information collected by Comitic with our advertising partners. This means that if you have logged in and provided information about your email, gender, age or other personal information – we
do not
share it with our advertising or analytics partners.
User Accounts and Personal Information Associated with User Profiles
All information voluntarily provided by users upon sign up, login and profile filling activities is considered personal. Account and profile information is processed and stored on Google Servers via Google's Firebase service. Comitic and Google follow all reasonable security measures to protect such information.
                                The information referenced above is used
strictly to enhance app experience
and is never shared with any advertising partners.
Removal of User Account and Associated Information
If you would like your account and associated data removed, you need to send an email requesting this to
contact@comitic.com
from the email associated with the registered account you would like to be removed.
Analytics
Comitic utilizes analytics partners to collect, store and analyze analytical data. This data may include ID identifying unique installation on a device which will change if our apps are reinstalled or "Advertising ID" where applicable to uniquely identify each device to be able to track session length and other metrics for each device.
Information Collected Automatically:
When you use, Comitic services, for
some
requests we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or mobile platform, including user agent, IP address, cookie information, and the URL you requested. We treat this data as non-Personal Information, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. Comitic only uses this data in aggregate form.
Security:
When Comitic stores or transfers potentially personally identifiable information to its partners and data processors, Comitic its partners and data processors use commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard potentially personal identifying information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification.
Partners
Advertising partners*
We work with the following partners who may serve ads and collect necessary information to do so via their respective SDKs:
AdMob -
https://admob.com
InMobi -
https://inmobi.com
MoPub -
https://mopub.com
A9 -
https://a9.com
AppNexus -
https://www.appnexus.com/
DistrictM -
https://districtm.net/
Smaato -
https://smaato.com
OpenX -
https://openx.com
Liftoff -
https://liftoff.io
PubMatic -
https://pubmatic.com
TripleLift -
https://triplelift.com
* Please note that this list may periodically change as we change advertising partners
Analytics partners*
Firebase -
http://firebase.google.com
Flurry -
http://flurry.com
* Please note that this list may periodically change as we change andlytics partners
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Comitic may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Comitic's sole discretion. Comitic encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our services, including but not limited to our website, mobile applications and our web services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Questions or Concerns?
If you would like to communicate with us about this Privacy Policy or Comitic’s collection and use of data please contact Comitic at
contact@comitic.com