What we do
Who we are
Brands
Careers
News
Drop us a line for press inquiries, partnering, or advertising.
Contact Us
RECURRENT VENTURES
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated and Effective Date:
January 26, 2023
Introduction
Recurrent Ventures Inc., together with its subsidiaries and its affiliates, (“Recurrent,” “us,” “we,” or “our”) offers digital media services through a variety of online offerings (our “Websites”). This Privacy Policy applies to the websites which link to this policy and explains how Recurrent collects, uses, and discloses information about you when you visit our Websites or otherwise interact with us. Note that this Website and some of our applications may have supplemental terms which would govern in the event of a conflict with this Privacy Policy.
Our privacy practices are subject to the applicable laws of the places in which we do business, so we have added region-specific terms that only apply to customers located in certain geographic regions, or as required by applicable laws.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website homepage or sending you a notification). Your continued use of the Website or Services following any changes means that you have accepted, consent to, and agree to be bound by such revised Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
This Privacy Policy includes the following sections:
Scope of This Notice
This Privacy Policy describes Recurrent’s practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing (“processing”) your personal information when you use our Services, which include when you:
Visit our Websites and any other sites or applications that link to this Privacy Policy.
Create and maintain an account with us.
Make a payment through us.
Make a purchase or other transaction with us.
Subscribe to or engage with our newsletters or other electronic communications.
Interact with our social media pages.
Click on our ads posted on third party sites.
Communicate with our service representatives or features (including via chat functions, email, text, or phone).
Otherwise interact with us.
This Privacy Policy also applies to personal information we collect from third parties about you.
This Privacy Policy
does not apply to
:
Third-Party Sites.
Websites, apps, videos (embedded or direct links), or other content (each a “Linked Site”) to which we link that are not operated by us, including social media services. We do not endorse any other websites and providers by providing such links, and our Privacy Policy applies only to your use of our Websites and Services. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of any websites and services we link to on our Website, and you should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may collect about you.
Workforce Members and Candidates
. Our processing of the personal information of job applicants/candidates and workforce members is not governed by this policy.
Non-personal information
. Our processing of information that cannot be linked to an identifiable or identified individual, including non-identifying aggregate information. We may process this data for any legitimate business purpose.
Personal Data We Collect and How We Use It
Personal information (sometimes called “personal data”) is a broadly defined term whose legal definition varies across jurisdictions. When used in this Privacy Policy, “personal information” includes information that is reasonably capable of identifying a particular individual (including through their device) either alone or when combined with information from other sources.
The personal information we collect about you depends on the nature and context of your interaction with our Recurrent and our Services.  It may also depend on various choices you make about how to use the Services we offer, the functionality and features you choose or enable, your location, the devices you us to interact with our services, and applicable law.
The following describes the personal information we collect about you and the way we collect it.
Personal Information You Give to Us
We collect the following categories of personal information you provide to us, including the following:
Your personal details
like your first and last name, email address, phone number, physical address, zip code, gender, job application information, and other contact information you provide.
Account and other identifiers
like a username, screen name, handle, account ID, assigned user ID, customer number, or similar identifier that can be used to identify and user or account. We may also collect your consent to collect cookies.
Marketing and communications data
. For example, your preferences in receiving marketing from us.
User content.
For example, emails and text messages, photos, videos, audio recordings, customer support communications, comments/feedback, and any other content submitted or posted by you.
Survey data
. We may contact some individuals to request participation in a survey, competition, promotion, or other general research. If you choose to take part in these, you may provide personal information, in or along with your survey responses, or in any other feedback or comments you give us. Through some features of the Services and through certain promotions, you may also submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person’s name, mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card.
Contests, sweepstakes, and prize drawings data
. If you take part in a contest, sweepstakes, or prize drawing, then you may provide personal information, feedback, or comments to enter, or as part of the contest, sweepstakes, or prize drawing.
Messages and email data.
We collect information about you when you send, receive, open, read or otherwise engage with messages, email, or other communications in connection with our Services, including whether you have opened or acted on those communications.
Social media content.
For example, interactions with social media providers, including content you post on our social media pages. If you use a social media provider to register or log into your Recurrent account, we will receive your personal information from them.
Other personal information you provide
. If you provide us personal information other than that described above, we will collect it and use it for the purposes for which you provide it or other consistent purposes.
Inferences
. In certain instances, we may infer personal information about you based on the information you have provided to us or that we have collected about you.
Chat modules.
We may collect certain categories of personal information from you when you use our interactive chat module. By interacting with the chat box, you consent to our collection practices and understand and acknowledge that we may use this data to communicate with you about our products and services.
Payment processing information
. For example, the form of payment, payment card number and details, bank account number, payment service provider, and other payment information you provide.
We can gather or infer your geolocation based on certain identifiers, you’re your IP address or mailing address. We use this information in part to determine which legal jurisdiction is applicable to you and your dealings with us. You may choose to grant our Services permission to access your device’s precise geolocation, which we may use to confirm your address and help us operate or personalize our Services, including by tagging posts, providing information on or adding information to a map, and helping us show you more relevant content or ads.
Personal Information We Derive Through Your Use of Our Services
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our or their behalf across the web and in mobile applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your visits to websites that use our Services and other websites and applications, This information may be used by Recurrent and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. Please review the “Your Privacy Preferences” section of this Privacy Policy to learn more.
The information we collect using these technologies includes:
Device and browser identifiers
. For example, an assigned user ID, IP address, or similar identifier that can be used to identify your device.
Coarse location Information
. A general approximation of your location that is not based on global position system (GPS) information.
Browsing and search history
. Information about the content you view and searches you make on our Website(s).
Real-time website interactions
. We or our service providers may capture and record your real-time interaction with our Websites, such as mouse movements, clicks, and user inputs, in a video format to provide insight into what works and what doesn’t work for users of the Website and/or platform and to identify and repair technical errors such as broken links that impair the website’s functionality.
Website log and usage data
. Information related to our pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Advertising and event metrics.
Information about the advertisements you have viewed and your interactions with our Websites.
Video watching history.
We may record your video-watching history on our Websites, including the description of the videos you have viewed, and share them with third parties.
Personal Information We Collect From Others
We mostly collect personal information directly from you or based on your interaction with our Websites, but we may also obtain information about you from other sources. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to identity verification services, credit bureaus, mailing list providers, and publicly available sources. Additionally, if you create or log into your account through a social media site or third-party service (like Facebook or Google), we will have access to certain information from that service, such as your name, email address, and profile picture, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site or third-party service.
Even if you are not a registered user of our Services, your information might still be collected. Some users may choose to share information about their contacts, including their name, email address, phone number, or other information. Users may also post or comment with personal information about other users (though we discourage it).
What We Do with Your Personal Information
We may use your personal information for a variety of reasons. Depending on how you interact with our Services, these include using personal information for:
Delivering our services
to you, including providing the related customer support, communication, and security, sending your newsletters to which you have subscribed, adding you to our mailing lists, sending you communications about changes to your account and our Websites’ and services’ terms or policies, and allowing you to sign up for special offers from third parties through our Websites and Services.
Policy enforcement
, including enforcing our terms of service, acceptable use policies, anti-spam policies, and similar policies.
Advertising and marketing
to send advertisements and marketing material via physical and electronic mail relating to product specials and other promotional events or offers, perform marketing testing, research and data analytics, product development, and perform similar activities.
Contextual and behavioral targeting
to provide contextual customization of ads shown as part of an interaction with our Website or application, using tracking technologies like cookies and pixels, and to enable Website features such as geographically-specific pricing or logging.
Counting ad impressions and website interactions
to audit interactions with our Websites, applications, or advertisements, count ad impressions to unique visitors, verify position and quality of ad impressions, and perform similar activities.
Customer service
to provide customer service, maintain and service products and accounts, provide training for quality assurance purposes, and perform similar activities.
Fraud prevention
to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Processing transactions
to process or fulfill orders and transactions, verify customer information, process payments, confirm eligibility, promotional benefits, and perform similar activities.
Public health and safety
to conduct screening or temperature checks for COVID-19 symptoms or similar screening activities related to public health and safety.
Defending against claims and litigation
to investigate, defend against, or respond to potential or actual disputes, claims, and litigation.
Responding to law enforcement requests
and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
Determining employment eligibility
to determine eligibility for employment, verify references and employment history, and conduct background checks.
Claims and benefits administration
to process claims and administer benefits in accordance with applicable laws.
Employee and emergency contact communications
to communicate with our employees or individuals listed as an employee’s emergency contact.
Reorganization, purchase, and sales activities
to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which information held by us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
Other reasons described
to you at the point of collection of your information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
Our Sharing of Your Personal Information
Besides using your personal information ourselves, we may share your personal information with the following:
With the parties whom you authorize
. If you consent to or authorize us to share personal information with third parties.
Business services providers
. These are those persons or entities with whom we have a relationship to provide business operations services and support. These providers may include the following:
IT operations providers
. These include cloud computing service providers, website hosting providers, customer service providers, email delivery services, internet service providers, data backup and security providers, functionality and infrastructure providers, and similar service providers.
Operations providers.
These include service providers with whom we partner to provide day-to-day business operations, including payment processors (like
Stripe
and
Shopify
), security vendors, business software service providers, banks, and others.
Professional advisors
. These include lawyers, accountants, auditors, consultants, security professionals, and other similar parties when disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal and contractual obligations, prevent or respond to fraud or abuse, defend ourselves against attacks, or protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our customers, and the public.
Marketing and advertising providers.
These include advertising, direct marketing, and lead generation providers, affiliate marketing program providers, retargeting platforms, data brokers, ad networks, marketing consultants, and similar service providers.
Affiliates.
Between and among our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership.
Legal compliance parties.
Persons to whom we believe it is necessary or appropriate to provide information, such as pursuant to a subpoena or a court order, to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence, to enforce our Terms and Conditions, to protect our operations, to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Reorganization.
Persons involved in the consideration, negotiation, and completion of a business transaction, including the sale, merger, consolidation, acquisition, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, bankruptcy, or reorganization, and any subsequent integration.
Authorized disclosures:
To any party when authorized by the individual to whom it pertains to share it.
We reserve the right to use and disclose information that is non-personal Information in any manner permitted by law except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
Publicly Posted Content
Recurrent users may have the ability to post content to one or more Recurrent forums or webpages, such as user-submitted pages, chat rooms, and bulletin boards. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information in any forum, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other people. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features.  You may request and obtain removal of such posted content by contacting us at
compliance@recurrent.io
and specifically identifying the content to be removed.  Please be advised that any such removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of all traces of the content posted on the Recurrent forums.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information; the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information; the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means; and the applicable legal requirements. In some circumstances, you may ask us to delete your information. Additionally, we may anonymize your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Data Security
We have implemented and maintained reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. However, no security measure is perfect, so we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply common protections described in this policy.
Our Clients
If you are a client or business partner of ours, then the contract between your company and Recurrent shall prevail over this Privacy Policy to the extent of any conflict.
International Data Transfers
We are located and operate in the United States. By submitting personal information to us, you understand that we may transfer your personal information to country foreign to you, including the United States, for processing. The laws that apply to the use and protection of personal information in the United States, or other countries or jurisdictions in which we transfer or process personal information, may be different from the laws and protections in your country. These transfers may include transfers to our service providers located in foreign jurisdictions. Whenever we engage a service provider, we require that its privacy and security standards adhere our requirements and applicable privacy laws.
Your Privacy Preferences
You can control the collection and use of personal information for some of our processing activities. This includes:
Adjusting Communication Preferences
Emails from Recurrent
: During the registration for a Website, you should be presented with an opt-in to receive email communications. If you wish to no longer receive email communications, you can click on the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of the email, or email Recurrent at
compliance@recurrent.io
to let us know, and we will remove you as soon as possible. Opting out of marketing or newsletter emails will not opt you out of all emails—we may need to send you transactional or similar emails related to your Recurrent account, purchases, legal or contractual updates, or similar topics. You are not able to opt-out of these emails.
Text messages
: You may opt out of automated text notifications at any time by replying “STOP,” or any alternative keyword we have shared with you. You may still receive communications from Recurrent regarding safety issues, such as messages related to your account, even if you have opted out.
Blocking Cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but you can alter how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the settings. Information about managing cookies for popular web browsers can be found in the links below:
Safari
(Desktop) and
Safari Mobile
(iOS).
Firefox
Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Brave
Many websites, including ours, employ Google Analytics. To opt out of Google Analytics data collection, follow
these instructions
from Google. To learn more about how Google uses personal information visit:
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for interest-based advertising purposes, please visit
Your Ad Choices
and
Manage My Browser’s Opt-Outs
. Your device may also include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for behavioral advertising purposes. If you opt-out, you will still receive advertisements, but they will not be delivered to you by such companies from whom you have opted-out based upon your behavioral data possessed by the companies from whom you have opted-out. The opt-out process through the Digital Advertising Alliance relies upon the placement of an opt-out cookie on your device, and you must repeat this process on each device or if your cookies are purged from your device.  Cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on certain mobile services. Users may opt-out of certain advertisements on mobile applications or reset advertising identifiers via their device settings.
To learn how to limit ad tracking or to reset the advertising identifier on your iOS and Android device, click on the following links:
iOS –
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
Android –
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Your Privacy Rights
Some jurisdictions provide covered individuals with specific privacy rights which can be exercised against covered entities. Depending on the jurisdiction, these rights may include the following:
Access and Portability.
The right to know (or confirm) what personal information a business has collected about you, and to receive a copy of it.
Deletion/Restriction
. The right to request that a business delete personal information it has collected from you or restrict how it is used, subject to certain exceptions.
Correction/Rectification
. The right to request correction of inaccurate personal information maintained by the business.
Opt-Out of the Sale/Sharing of Your personal information
. The right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. The term “sale” varies by jurisdiction, but sometimes includes the right to opt-out of the use of personal information for targeted advertising purposes.
Revoke Consent
. Where consent is required for processing under applicable law, you may withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time.
Object to Processing.
Object, on grounds relating to your situation, to our processing of personal data concerning you which is (i) necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest, (ii) carried out in the exercise of official authority vested in us, or (iii) processed by us on the basis of our legitimate interest. In this case, where applicable, we will no longer process the personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
Limitation/Restriction
. The right to limit or restrict a business’s use or disclosure of certain personal information.
Opt-out of Profiling/Automated Decision-Making:
The right to opt- out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
Non-Discrimination
. The right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights conferred at law, including, but not limited to, by (i) denying you goods or services, (ii) charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties, (iii) providing you a different level or quality of goods or services, or (iv) suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate governmental authority.
Recurrent will honor the privacy rights afforded to individuals in accordance with applicable law and will not discriminate against individuals for exercising their privacy choices under the law.
Exercising Your Privacy Rights
You may make a request at any time to exercise your access, deletion, correction, and restriction rights listed above by using our
Privacy Portal
or emailing us at
compliance@recurrent.io
.  We will respond to your request within a reasonable period (if properly submitted) and in accordance with applicable law. If we need more time to process and respond to your request, we will notify you of that fact along with the reason for the delay. If we decline to act regarding your request, we will inform you of our decision and the reason for it, and, if applicable, with instructions on how you may appeal our decision.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not intended for persons under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect or process the personal information of individuals under the age of 16. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us with their personal information, please contact us at
compliance@recurrent.io
.
Jurisdiction-Specific Privacy Disclosures
Members of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland
Our Legal Grounds for Processing Your Personal Information
When we process personal information about you to comply with legal requirements or to perform our obligations under a contract with you or with our customer through whom you use our offerings, failure to provide such information may prevent or delay our fulfillment of these obligations.
To the extent required by applicable law, we will collect your personal data with your consent, where required, and in accordance with our legitimate need to provide our Services.
Under European data protection laws, Recurrent is required to rely on one or more legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information we have about you. We describe these legal bases and some accompanying examples in more detail below.
Performing our agreement.
Recurrent processes your information as is necessary to perform our contract with you. For example:
We use your information to create your account and set you up as a registered user on Recurrent.
We transfer your information outside of the EU to the United States to provide our Services.
Your consent.
Recurrent processes certain information based on your consent, which you may revoke at any time. For example:
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies, based on your consent.
Where you choose a method of verification to confirm your address, we do so in accordance with your consent.
If you decide to use location services in the context of Recurrent, we collect and process such location information based on your consent.
We rely on your consent to tailor ads based on your activity and information on other websites and partner data, such as inferred interests.
We will send you marketing communications where you have consented to receive such communications in accordance with applicable law.
Legal obligation.
Recurrent may process your information to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims. For example:
We may preserve and disclose your information if it is necessary to respond, based on applicable law, to a valid legal request (e.g., a subpoena, search warrant, court order, or other binding requests from the government or law enforcement).
We may retain and process your information where it is necessary for compliance with applicable tax laws.
Vital interests.
Recurrent may process your information in certain circumstances when it is necessary to protect your vital interests or those of others. For example:
We may need to process your information in order to protect your life or safety or the lives or safety of others, or otherwise prevent physical injury or other harm to any person or the general public.
We may preserve or share your information with law enforcement and related authorities where we have a good faith belief that it is required in the context of an imminent threat.
We may share your personal data with disaster relief agencies, first responders, and other individuals to facilitate disaster or emergency response efforts.
Legitimate interests.
We may process your information where it is necessary for the purposes of Recurrent’s or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as those of creators. We process your information in furtherance of the following legitimate interests:
Providing, improving, and developing our Services
. We use your information to provide our Services, including any personalized services, and to understand and improve our business and our user relationships.
Providing ads, measurement, and analytics services
. We use your information to provide personalized ads both on and off Recurrent and to measure and analyze the success of those ads to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our advertisers. We do so as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of marketing and monetizing our Services.
Sending marketing communications
. We rely on our legitimate interests in marketing and promoting our Services to use your contact information and send you marketing communications in accordance with applicable law, except where applicable law requires that we rely on your consent to send such communications.
Sharing information for legal and safety reasons
. Where required for legal and safety reasons, we may disclose information to law enforcement and related agencies and authorities in furtherance of the legitimate interests described further below.
As detailed in the Privacy Policy
, where we process your information based on legitimate interests, you have the right to object to such processing. Where you exercise your right to object, we will cease processing your information for that specific purpose, unless there are compelling legitimate grounds overriding your objection or where your information is processed for legal reasons.
You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority at any time if you are of the opinion that the processing of personal data relating to you violates applicable law. If the complaint relates to provisions of the EU and UK GDPR, or Swiss data privacy laws, you can lodge such complaint with a supervisory authority in the Member State of your place of residence, your place of work, or the place of the alleged infringement. You may identify the applicable supervisory authority based on your location on the European Data Protection Board website. If the complaint relates to provisions of the UK GDPR, you can lodge such complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. For contact details of your local Data Protection Authority, please see:
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
S. State-Specific Privacy Rights
We have collected the following categories of personal data (or personal information) from or about consumers and customers and disclosed such personal data to third parties for a business purpose within the last twelve (12) months:
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Sources From Which the Information Was Collected
Categories of Third Parties To Whom This Type of Personal Information Is Disclosed For a Business Purpose
Types of Third Parties With Whom This Category of Personal Information Is Shared/Sold
Identifiers (e.g., name, signature, address, telephone email, IP address)
·       You (or your device)
·       Other Individuals
·       Business Services Providers
·       Affiliates
·       Governmental Entities
·       Business Services Providers
·       Affiliates
·       Governmental Entities
Marketing and Advertising Providers
Customer Records (as defined in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
·       You (or your device)
·       Other Individuals
·       Business Services Providers
·       Affiliates
·       Governmental Entities
·       Business Services Providers
·       Affiliates
·       Governmental Entities
Marketing and Advertising Providers
Protected classifications (e.g., age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status)
·       You
·       Other Individuals
·       Affiliates
·       Governmental Entities
·       Business Services Providers
·       Affiliates
·       Governmental Entities
We do not sell or share
Biometric information
We do not collect
Commercial information (e.g., your purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies)
·       You (or your device)
·       Business Services Providers
·       Affiliates
·       Governmental Entities
Marketing and Advertising Providers
Internet/network activity (your browsing history, search history)
·       You (or your device)
·       Business Services Providers
·       Affiliates
·       Governmental Entities
Marketing and Advertising Providers
Geolocation data
We may gather your geolocation based on your address, IP address, or other data associated with a particular location. If you are using company-equipment that collects geolocation, we may associate that geolocation with you.
·       Business Services Providers
Marketing and Advertising Providers
Sensory data (e.g., audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information)
We do not collect from consumers generally. Visitors to our physical locations (not open to the public) may have this data collection.
·       Business Services Providers
We do not sell or share
Professional or employment-related information (e.g., current or past job history or performance evaluations)
We do not collect from consumers generally.
Education information
We do not collect from consumers generally.
Inferences drawn from other personal information
We may make inferences about your preferences, likes, and interests based on personal information you provide to us.
·       Business Services Providers
·       Marketing and Advertising Providers
Marketing and Advertising Providers
Sensitive personal information (as defined by applicable law)
·       You
·       Other Individuals
·       Governmental Entities
·       Business Services Providers
·       Affiliates
·       Governmental Entities
We do not sell or share
Residents of certain U.S. States have the rights indicated below as of the date in which the applicable laws granting such rights are effective, which are as follows:
California
: January 1, 2023
Virginia
: January 1, 2023
Colorado
: July 1, 2023
Connecticut
: July 1, 2023
Utah
: December 31, 2023
Privacy Rights
Description
CA
VA
CO
CT
UT
Access/Know
Request confirmation from us as to whether your personal information is being processed by Recurrent and, if so, access to such personal information.
X
X
X
X
X
Deletion
Request that your personal information be deleted (subject to some limitations).
X
X
X
X
X
Portability
Request that Recurrent provide a copy of the personal information concerning you that you have provided to us in a usable/readable format.
X
X
X
X
X
Rectification/Correction
Request that Recurrent correct any inaccurate personal data relating to you (subject to limitations).
X
X
X
X
Restriction on Sharing for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising (called “sharing” under California law)
Request that Recurrent stop sharing of your personal information for purposes cross-contextual behavioral of targeted advertising purposes.
X
X
X
X
X
Sales of Personal Information
Request that Recurrent stop selling personal information about you to third parties.
X
X
X
X
X
Restriction on Automated Decision-Making or Profiling
Request that Recurrent stop using automated decision-making technology to evaluate you, create a profile of you, and make predictions about your future behavior.
X
X
X
X
Limiting the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
Request that Recurrent limit our use and disclosure of your “sensitive personal information,” as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CCPA), to the extent required by law.
X
X
X
X
X
Right to Appeal
Appeal the denial of a privacy rights request under the relevant law
X
X
X
If you would like to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information for cross-contextual behavioral or targeted advertising, you can do so
here
.
You may make a request at any time to exercise your privacy rights under applicable law by using our
Privacy Portal
.  We will respond to your request within 45 days of receipt (if properly submitted). If we need more time to process and respond to your request, we will notify you of that fact along with the reason for the delay. In all cases, we will complete your request within 90 days from the date of our receipt of your properly submitted request. If we decline to act regarding your request, we will inform you of our decision and the reason for it, along with instructions on how you may appeal our decision.
California
California residents may submit CCPA requests themselves or using an authorized agent using our
Privacy Portal
or by emailing us at
compliance@recurrent.io
. CCPA requests are subject to our verification measures which vary depending on the type of request made and the sensitivity of the information you request. We may ask you to provide a few pieces of information to confirm your identity in our records. If you authorize an agent to submit a request on your behalf, we may require the agent to provide proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request and may verify the agent’s identity and authority to act on your behalf.
How We Respond To Do-Not-Track Signals & Global Privacy Controls
: A “do-not-track” signal is a privacy preference feature in some web browsers that tells a website that a user does not want their online activity to be tracked. We currently support Global Privacy Control (GPC), a specification designed to allow internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as whether or not they want to be tracked or have their personal information sold or shared with third parties for targeted advertising. It consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that our Websites can use to honor your privacy settings. GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions, click here to view the options. If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC can be found by clicking
here
. If your browser or device has enabled GPC, it will override your preferences selected in the cookie banner or privacy settings on this Website.
California Shine the Light Disclosures
: California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits visitors to our Websites and users of our Services who are California residents to request, once a year, certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email at
compliance@recurrent.io
and include “Shine the Light Request” in the subject line.
Notice of Financial Incentive
We may offer our customers loyalty and other incentive programs that provide certain benefits, such as rewards and exclusive offers. We may also provide other promotional campaigns, such as sweepstakes, contests, or limited-time promotions (collectively, the “Programs”). When you sign up for one of these Programs, we typically ask you to provide your name and contact information (such as email address and/or telephone number). Because our Programs involve the collection of personal information, they might be interpreted as a “financial incentive” program under the CCPA. The value of your personal information to us is related to the value of the free or discounted products or services, or other benefits that you obtain or that are provided as part of the applicable Program, less the expense related to offering those products, services, and benefits to Program participants. Participation in a Program is governed by the applicable terms and conditions (including the official rules for any sweepstakes or contest or the promotional terms for any short-term promotion), which will also describe the financial incentives associated with the promotion and how to participate. You are not obligated to participate in any contest, sweepstakes, or short-term promotion and may terminate your participation at any time (as described in the survey terms and conditions). You may withdraw from participating in a Program at any time by contacting us using the designated method set forth in the applicable Program terms and conditions.
Nevada
Although we do not “sell” “covered information” of Nevada “consumers” as those terms are defined under Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes, you may contact us by sending an email to
compliance@recurrent.io
and registering your email address so that we can provide you notice in the event we should do so in the future. At that future point, you will then have an opportunity to exercise your opt-out rights under that law subject to our verification. You can contact us via
compliance@recurrent.io
if you need to subsequently update your contact email for such notices. It is your responsibility to keep your Nevada notice contact information current.
Advertisments
All or partial advertising on this Website or App is managed by Playwire LLC. If Playwire publisher advertising services are used, Playwire LLC may collect and use certain aggregated and anonymized data for advertising purposes. To learn more about the types of data collected, how data is used and your choices as a user, please visit
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy
Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or complaints about our privacy practices, please contact us at:
compliance@recurrent.io
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://recurrent-privacy.my.onetrust.com/webform/884ee7f7-6458-4686-b09b-d6fac263c926/d28bf0a8-6d1b-4843-ada4-112ae1be6409:
The requested content is no longer available
Sub-policy 2
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy:
×
Do you agree to let us use cookies?
On the Playwire website, we use cookies to deliver better user experience, manage authentication and provide relevant alerts. Learn more from our
Privacy Policy
.
Accept
×
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how Playwire LLC, its subsidiary and affiliate corporations, successors, and assigns (collectively, “Playwire”) uses and protects the information you provide.
This “Privacy Policy” applies to
www.playwire.com
,
the Playwire Platform (see below), and any other websites owned or operated by Playwire or that may be subsequently added, variations or successors to this website (the “Playwire Sites”), any Playwire computer software downloadable or otherwise available from the Playwire Sites (“Software”), Playwire’s services, including but not limited to, the Playwire digital advertising technology, advertising management services, mobile applications, Revenue Intelligence™, RAMP™, Trendi™, Kids Club
®
, and all other Playwire platforms and networks (collectively referred to as the “Services, Platforms and Networks”)
This Privacy Policy applies to all Users of the Playwire Sites, Software, the Services, Platforms and Networks.   If you are interested in finding out more information regarding our GDPR compliance,
click here.
Last Updated: Mar 16, 2023
1. TYPE OF INFORMATION PLAYWIRE AND THIRD PARTIES COLLECT.
By use of the Services, Platforms and Networks, Playwire may collect two (2) types of information about Users: Personal and Non-Personal. In addition, Playwire works with advertisers, ad agencies, third-party traffic measurement services and other service providers (collectively “Third Parties”) to serve advertisements on publishers using the Playwire Services, Platforms and Networks. Third Parties may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device including but not limited to cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other information as described below.
“Personal Information.” Personal Information refers to information that lets Playwire know the specifics of who you are and which may be used to identify, contact or locate you or a business interested in the Playwire Sites, Software, the Services, Platforms and Networks (
e.g.
, name, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address). Playwire may collect Personal Information when you use the Playwire Sites including, without limitation, setting up account information, filling out surveys, corresponding with Playwire, or otherwise volunteering information about yourself. Playwire does not sell, trade or rent Personal Information collected through the Playwire Sites to any third-party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Playwire shall: (1) fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies; and (2) may be required to disclose Personal Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation.
“Non-Personal Information.” Non-Personal Information refers to information that, by itself, does not identify you as a specific individual (
e.g.
, demographic information or website visitations). Playwire and/or advertisers, advertising agencies, third-party traffic measurement services and other service providers may collect and/or process Non-Personal Information through a variety of methods and industry standard technologies described further below.
Information about your browser including: the type of browser you use, browser language, browser settings, cookie information and other locally stored objects. This may include data about you related to bid requests and ad impressions, collected when we decide to show you an ad on a Digital Property and when we deliver an advertisement.
Information about your device including device operating system version, connection type, device make, device model, device Identifiers such as your IDFA or AAID, and the IP address from which the device accesses our Services, Platforms and Networks.
Unique anonymous IDs assigned to your browser or device, which allows the Platform to automatically recognize your browser or device the next time it visits another Digital Property that has integrated our technology.  This allows our clients and partners to sync their own unique identifiers against this ID so that they can use their own data on the Services, Platforms and Networks that they may have associated with you (collectively “Digital Identifiers”).
General geolocation information, as well as precise geolocation information when location services have been enabled for an app on your device that has integrated our technology or that sends that information to our Services, Platforms and Networks.
Information about your online activity such as website visited, general browsing history, viewing history, referral source, search history and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, app, or advertisement, including the time web pages or apps were visited or used, including in-game or online viewing activity (e.g., videos viewed, pages viewed).
Inferences or audience segmentation derived from our Services, Platforms and Networks, such as individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, and behaviors.
Information about ads served, viewed or clicked on, including the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it and whether you visited the advertiser’s website or downloaded the advertiser’s app.
Information about the specific content viewed on websites
Email addresses in hashed form
Information about your internet service including information about which internet service provider is used by you.
To receive more information about these practices and/or opt out of these types of data collection you may visit the following links:
To opt-out of interest-based advertising using cookies:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/
https://optout.aboutads.info/
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
https://allaboutcookies.org/how-to-manage-cookies
To opt out of email-based identifiers go here:
LiveRamp:
When you use Playwire Publisher Websites and enter your email address on their websites (either to log in, or to sign up for a newsletter, or similar), we may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR).
LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
.
Trade Desk UID:
https://transparentadvertising.org/
To turn off personalized ads in Chrome go here:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
To opt out of Google Analytics go here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Mobile device system software such as Apple iOS or Google Play Services provide mechanisms that allow users to opt out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings (“Opt out of Personalized Ads” on Android devices and “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices). When Playwire’s technology encounters “Limit Ad Tracking” signals they are respected. Devices vary in where they include the setting to adjust.
2. HOW PLAYWIRE AND THIRD PARTIES USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
We use, and allow third parties as set forth herein to use, the information we collect for the following purposes:
System Administration. Playwire may use Non-Personal Information for the purposes of system administration, assisting in diagnosing problems with Playwire servers, monitoring Playwire’s Services, Platforms, and Networks performance and traffic on the Playwire Sites and to gather broad demographic information about Playwire customers.
For our legitimate business interests to provide services to advertisers, including providing and operating our services which include:
Compiling statistics about the advertising transactions occurring through our Platform and conducting research and development for our own internal business purposes, such as analyzing campaign forecasts and conducting machine learning to help our clients improve their sales of ad space and delivery of ads to you
Analyzing and reporting on campaign and ad performance, such as reporting to advertisers about when and how you have been exposed to ads or clicked on ads, and reporting to Digital Properties information about when and how ads were shown on their Digital Properties and whether they were clicked on
Investigating, protecting against, and deterring malicious activity, fake traffic, or fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity on the Platform and on the internet.
For our legitimate business interests to provide services to our customers and publishers, including providing and operating our services.
Playwire uses Cookies and IP Addresses to track features such as delivering content specific to your interests and informing you of new, relevant services or certain third-party offerings.
Notices to Registered Users. If you have registered for an Account, Playwire may use your Personal Information to send emails regarding your registration, including confirmation to verify the accuracy of any information you have provided. Playwire may also send you emails to verify your identity or to notify you if Playwire believes your use of Playwire Sites violates any applicable agreement for the use of the Playwire Sites.
Advertising-related purposes:
Interest-Based Advertising: Using Platform Data to infer what you may be interested in and to serve ads to you based on these inferred interests.
Frequency Capping: Limiting the number of times you see an ad so you don’t see the same ad or type of ad too many times
Showing Ads in Sequence: Showing you ads in a particular order to provide a better user experience
Geo-Targeting: Customizing ads shown to you based on your current or prior location
Contextual Ads: Showing ads to you based on the content you are viewing
Ad Measurement: Understanding how users respond to ads (e.g., clicking on the ad)
Aggregated Statistics: Reporting aggregated statistics regarding, for example, the effectiveness of online advertising campaigns
Cross-Device Mapping: Enabling Cross-Device Mapping (grouping the devices that are owned by an individual or household) in order to serve or measure advertising on related devices on behalf of our clients.
For ad campaigns that are intended for child-directed sites, or child-directed categories of digital app stores (such as apps included in Apple’s Kids category), we take measures to ensure that our service providers have disabled any and all forms of behaviorally targeted advertising and sensitive ad content categories and that the child’s anonymous browsing information is only used for permissible internal support operations in accordance with COPPA (e.g., contextual advertising, ad capping, etc.). All ads are subject to human review for appropriateness.
Promotional Emails.  Playwire may use your Personal Information to send you emails periodically listing promotions or events relating to the Playwire Sites or from Playwire’s marketing partners or sponsors. You have the choice to opt out of receiving such promotional emails by sending an e-mail to legal@playwire.com and/or following the instructions in such correspondence. Once Playwire has processed your opt-out request, Playwire will not send you promotional emails unless you opt back in to receive such communications.
Legal Rights and Compliance with Law: We may also disclose Platform Data in the event that we reasonably suspect malicious activity or fake traffic or when we reasonably believe it is required by law, subpoena, or other legal process, including to meet security or law enforcement requirements.
Contact Information. If you contact Playwire by telephone, e-mail, or letter, Playwire may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence. If you report a problem with the Playwire Sites, Playwire may collect this information in a file specific to you. You may contact Playwire at
legal@playwire.com
to request the removal of this information from Playwire’s database.
3. HOW TO ACCESS AND CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Upon request, Playwire shall allow Users to update or correct Personal Information previously submitted, but only to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Additionally, upon request, Playwire shall delete Personal Information from the database where such information is stored; however, it may be impossible to entirely delete a User’s entry without some residual information being retained due to the manner in which data backups are maintained. Requests to delete Personal Information shall be submitted to legal@playwire.com.
4. SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Security Measures. Playwire takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Information. These include, but are not limited to, internal reviews of: (i) Playwire’s data collection; (ii) storage and processing practices; (ii) electronic security measures; and (iv) physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where Playwire stores Personal Information. All Playwire employees, contractors and agents who access Personal Information are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution or unauthorized use or disclosure of Personal Information.
Third-Party Links. The Playwire Sites may contain links to third parties who may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information directly from you. Additionally, Playwire may use third parties to provide components of the Playwire Sites. In either case, such third parties may have separate privacy policies and data collection practices, independent of Playwire. Playwire: (i) has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions; (ii) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites; and (iii) does not make any warranties or representations about the contents, products or services offered on such websites or the security of any information you provide to them.
5. YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
If you reside or are located in certain jurisdictions, you may have rights and protections regarding the collection, processing, sharing, and use of your data under a particular jurisdiction’s law. This may mean that you may have the right to:
Request access and obtain a copy of your data;
To request rectification of your data;
In certain circumstances, and subject to some specific legal reasons where we may need to retain data, to request that your data be deleted or erased
To opt out of the sale of your data to third parties;
If applicable, to enforce your right to data portability;
To object to the processing of your data in certain circumstances;
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights with respect to your data.
6. The GDPR and Your Rights as an EU or UK Data Subject
A.    Persons Covered.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in the United Kingdom, then the Data Protection Act 2018 applies to our processing of personal data. These laws each grant those located respectively in the EEA and the UK a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on Playwire as we process the personal data of data subjects located in those places. This section is designed to provide more information on how Playwire adheres to the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018 and your rights as a data subject located in the UK or the EEA.
B.    Definition of Personal Data.
Both the GDPR and UK Data Protection Act define personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in the EEA or UK we treat it as personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to Playwire.com; b) data collected from customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees.
C.    Special Categories of Personal Data.
Playwire does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to UK or EEA data subjects, and we do not create Profile Information of audience segments of such consumers based on special categories of personal data (i.e. data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health, or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation).
D.    Legal Basis for Processing.
Both the UK Data Protection Act and GDPR requires entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by Playwire includes: a) consent; b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will endeavor to outline our legal basis for the most common types of processing conducted by Playwire.
I.    Cookie and Similar Tracking Technologies
– We endeavor to obtain consent for our placement of cookies, pixels and similar tracking technologies as required under the ePrivacy Directive as implemented throughout the EEA. As Playwire does not have direct relationships with Internet users in many cases, we ask Publishers and other partners to obtain a consent on our behalf as described below.  Where we directly place cookies (e.g., via Playwire.com) we directly obtain the consent from data subjects we’ve identified as being from the EEA or other place where consent is required.
II.    Usage Data and Profile Information
– While we obtain a consent for our placement of cookies as described above, Playwire processes Usage Data and Profile Information under our legitimate interest. For purposes of clarity, where this data is utilized for analytics, targeted advertising, measurement or reporting, we also process it via legitimate interest. To offer additional transparency, we endeavor to mention some of these use cases in the consents obtained for cookies and pixels.
III.    Website Data
– We collect personal data via Playwire.com. Where that data is provided to Playwire (e.g., via completing an online form), we consider it either Account Data and/or data collected pursuant to a Business Relationship which are described below. Where we place cookies via the website, we use consent. Where data is collected automatically (e.g., log files containing IP addresses), we process such data via our legitimate interest and in order to maintain the website and help us to a better job of personalizing the website to the interests of visitors.
IV.    Account Data and Business Relationships
– We require some Publishers to setup an Account with Playwire. Similarly, we maintain accounts containing personal data with most of the vendors who provide services to Playwire, our customers, our employees and our business partners. If you are an employee of one of those entities, Playwire may have your personal data including your name, your work email or your work telephone number. For data subjects located in the EEA or UK, we process this data under the legal basis of contractual necessity. In other words, we need to process this data in order to honor the terms of the contract between Playwire and the Publisher, customer, vendor, etc. This includes maintaining an account and login credentials, billing and payment purposes, communicating with the other party, and fulfilling requests. Where we are seeking to market additional products and services to these entities, we will do so via legitimate interest unless applicable law dictates that we use consent (e.g., for email marketing).
V.    General Purposes
– There are a number of instances where Playwire processes personal data which are distinct from the descriptions provided above. For example:
A.    Legal and Regulatory Compliance
– Like most companies, Playwire will process data in order to comply with law, cooperate with requests from competent legal authorities such as the police, and to pay taxes. The legal basis for this type of processing is necessary for Playwire to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
B.    Enforcement of Legal Obligations
– To enforce our terms and conditions, protect of our intellectual property and/or the rights of third parties, Playwire processes personal data in these instances via our legitimate interest. This may include obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings.
C.    Sell and Promote Our Business
– Playwire may choose to conduct, evaluate and/or promote the sale of our business via our legitimate interest.
D.    Aggregated Data
– Where we aggregate data and remove digital identifiers (e.g., cookie IDs), we may use this data for internal research, marketing, and statistical analysis purposes.
E.    UK and EU Data Subject Rights.
Where the GDPR or UK Data Protection Act applies, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. As an example, the right to object applies to processing which is carried out because it is necessary for our legitimate interests and only if we cannot demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which outweigh your rights, interests and freedoms. The same right does not apply to processing which is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations or to perform a contract with you. Given that both the UK Data Protection Act and the GDPR defines personal data broadly, these rights may extend to the personal data we place into cookies or similar tracking technologies.
Where processing is based on your consent, in accordance with the GDPR and UK Data Protection Act (as applicable), you may withdraw that consent at any time, although any processing previously carried out will still be legal. In order to exercise your data subjects’ rights or if you have any questions about these rights, you can write to us at gdpr@playwire.com . We will endeavor to respond to any requests to exercise your rights within one month from when they are made, although this period may be extended in some cases in which case we will inform you before the expiration of the one month period.
You also have the right to submit complaints to the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. A list of supervisory authorities in the EEA can be found here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
F.    Cross-border transfers of EU or UK Personal Data.
We generally process data in the United States. When we share data, we provide data to companies globally. In each case, we have safeguards in place which allow those transfers to happen in a way that ensures data is handled in accordance with the applicable law.
When we transfer personal data outside the EEA or UK, unless the recipient or location to which the data is transferred has been approved by the appropriate authorities as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, we put in place measures to ensure that the transfer complies with the applicable data protection law and that the personal data which is transferred is appropriately safeguarded.
G.    Data Protection Officer.
Playwire has appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required.  Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted as follows: gdpr@playwire.com
7. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA)
1. Overview of California Consumer Privacy Laws
This California Privacy Policy applies only to California consumers (“you” or collectively as “consumers”) and supplements the Playwire Privacy Policy (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”). The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), collectively referred to as “California Consumer Privacy Laws”, provide California consumers with specific rights regarding their personal information. This California Privacy Policy describes a California consumer’s privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Laws, explains how you may exercise your privacy rights, and provides an overview on the types of personal information we collect.
2. California Consumer Privacy Laws provide you with the following rights:
Right to know.
You have the right to know what categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect about you; the categories of sources from which we collect personal information; our business or commercial purpose for the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information; any categories of third parties with whom we share your information; and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about that consumer
Right to delete.
You have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we collect about you.
Right to opt out.
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. If we sell any of your personal information, you have the right, at any time, to tell us not to sell your personal information. You also have the right to request that we do not share your personal information.  If you wish to exercise these rights, please see our  Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information opt-out page.
Right to correct.
You have the right to request the correction of any inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the inaccurate personal information as you may direct.
Right to limit use or disclosure of sensitive personal information (“SPI”).
You have the right to limit the use and disclosure of your SPI, if we are using your SPI beyond what is reasonable and proportionate to provide the requested goods or services.   We do not collect SPI.
Right to nondiscrimination.
If you exercise any of your privacy rights, we will not discriminate against you.
Notice of Financial Incentives.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow us to provide financial incentives for collecting, selling, or retaining your personal information.
Right to know how long we retain your information.
We will retain your information as long as it is reasonably necessary for each disclosed purpose, as outlined in the tables below. If you have any questions or would like to exercise any privacy rights, please contact us.
3. Information We May Keep.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow us to keep your personal information that we need to provide you with goods and services, ensure the security and integrity of your personal information, fix any errors, exercise free speech, use your information lawfully for our internal purposes, and to comply with the law.
4. Contact.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow you to exercise your privacy rights and request your information from us, at no cost. We will provide our response in a readily usable format, which is usually electronic.  If you would like to exercise any of your privacy rights, please contact us through any of the following:
by writing to:
Playwire, LLC
Attn: Privacy
4855 Technology Way
Suite 500
Boca Raton, Florida 33431
by email:
legal@playwire.com
5. Verification of Your Identity.
To protect your privacy, we will ask you to verify your identity. We will ask you to confirm your name, email address, phone number and other information so that we can reasonably confirm your identity. We will not share any information until we can reasonably confirm your identity.
6. Our Response Time to Your Privacy Request
Response Time.
We will respond to your verifiable consumer request (“VCR”) within forty‐five (45) days from when you contacted us.
Response Time for Complex Requests.
If you have a complex VCR, state privacy laws allow us up to ninety (90) days to respond. We will still contact you within forty‐five (45) days from when you contacted us to let you know we need more time to respond.
Our Response.
Our response will cover the 12-month period preceding the business’s receipt of the VCR. A consumer may request that we disclose the required information beyond the 12-month period (limited to personal information collected on or after January 1, 2022), and we will provide that information unless doing so proves impossible or would involve a disproportionate effort. Note that there is no obligation to provide this information to the same consumer more than twice in a 12-month period.
7. Authorized Agent.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow you to ask someone else to exercise your privacy rights for you. This person is your “Authorized Agent.” Before we will share anything with your Authorized Agent, you will need to provide your written permission or other proof, such as a valid Power of Attorney. Please contact us if you would like us to know who your Authorized Agent is.  Once we have your written permission, we will also ask your Authorized Agent to verify their identity with us directly. We will not share any of your information with your Authorized Agent unless we have both your written permission and have verified the identity of your  authorized agent.
8. Information Collection and Use- Sources of Information.
Please refer back to https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy.  To help consumers make informed privacy decisions, the California Consumer Privacy Laws create and define categories of personal information. Some types of personal information may apply to multiple categories. We collect the categories of personal information described in Table 1 below. Depending on your level of interaction with us, we may not have collected your personal information from all of the categories.
Categories of Personal Information
Specific Types of Personal Information
Categories of Sources of Collection
Identifiers
A. Identifiers such as name and email that you choose to provide to us when you email us, complete an online form or register for our products or services.
B. IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet
A. Directly from you, the user
B. From your device when accessing our website or one of our publisher Websites/Apps that utilize our technology or services
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browser and Device Information, User Agent,IP Address,  Mobile Device Identifiers such as IDFA or AAID/GAID, custom or external unique Identifiers, search history and information on interaction with our publisher websites, their content and advertisements
Through our Publisher Websites/Apps  that use our technology or services when you access those Websites/Apps
Location
Regional location of the users device
Through the IP address of your device, collected through our publisher Websites/Apps that utilize our technology as you access them
Inferences
Inferences drawn from the above mentioned categories to create an advertising profile reflecting perceived interests and behavior of a user
Through our Publisher Websites/Apps  that use our technology or services when you access those Websites/Apps
9. Business Purposes Of The Personal Information We Collect And Sell.
Table 2 is a list of the categories of personal information we disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Categories of Personal Information
Business or Commercial Purpose
Identifiers such as name and email that you choose to provide to us when you email us, complete an online form or register for our products or services.
A. Providing Customer Service, maintaining and servicing your account and communicating with you.
B. Auditing customer interactions
C. Advertising and marketing company news and products to you
D. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet or other electronic network activity, Location Data, Inferences
A. Providing data services which analyze how users interact with content and advertisements on website/apps
B. Analytics and research activities to improve our products and services
C. Detecting security incidents, illegal or fraudulent activities
D. Debugging and troubleshooting purposes to improve service, fix errors and maintain usability of services
10. Categories Of Personal Information We Sell Or Disclose For A Business Purpose
Table 3 below describes the categories of personal information we sell or disclose for business purposes. These are also the categories of information we sold in the past 12 months.  The sources for each category of personal information we collect, the business or commercial purposes for which we use each category of personal information, and the third parties with whom we may share your personal information with.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties to Whom the information is disclosed or sold
IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet, Internet or other electronic network activity, Location Data, Inferences
A. Providing Customer Service, maintaining and servicing your account and communicating with you.
B. Auditing customer interactions
C. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
D. Marketing company news and products to you
E. Advertising Services
F. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
Playwire collects the personal information described above for a variety of business and commercial purposes.
For
Ad Services
, we use the personal information collected to provide our services; serve ads; provide information and reports to Media Buyers; prevent End Users from seeing the same ad too many times; customize and personalize ads; analyze ad performance; deliver Internet-based and location-based advertising; detect and prevent fraud and protect the security of our Ad Services; provide, manage and improve our Ad Services and develop new services; calculate usage levels of our Ad Services, help diagnose server problems and administer our Ad Services; and as we believe to be necessary or appropriate, such as to comply with legal requirements.
For
Playwire properties
, we use the personal information collected to send marketing and promotional communications; send administrative information; engage in and process transactions; post testimonials; provide interest-based advertising and engage in analytics on your activity on the Playwire Properties and other websites over time; manage accounts and provide customer support or other services; improve the content and quality of Playwire’s Properties and Ad Services; for legal purposes; and for our business purposes, such as to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
Categories of Third Parties to Whom We May Disclose or Sell Personal Information
We may disclose any of the personal information we collect for our business purposes, or sell the personal information, to the following categories of third parties:
Playwire’s Publisher Clients
Media Buyers & Planners
Playwire’s other clients including advertisers, brands, agencies, and other third party advertising partners
Attribution and Analytics Partners
Playwire’s vendors, consultants, and other service providers
Website advertising parties
8. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
Use of the Playwire Sites is not intended for minors under the age of 18 (“Minors”). Minors are not authorized by Playwire to use playwire.com, even if Minors set up an Account or accept the terms of any agreement for Playwire Sites. Parents or guardians may authorize Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 to use the Playwire Sites, provided they assume all responsibility and legal liability for the conduct of such Minor including, without limitation, monitoring the Minor’s access and use of the Playwire Sites.  Note that Playwire does work with Publishers who have their own sites that are intended for Minors and have their own separate privacy policies.
Playwire does not intentionally collect nor maintain any personally identifiable information from Minors. If you discover your Minor child has submitted his/her information to Playwire, you may request to have such information deleted from Playwire’s database by sending an email request to
legal@playwire.com
together with the e-mail address that was submitted by the Minor. Upon receiving the request, Playwire shall delete such information within twenty (20) business days. If Playwire learns that a Minor is using the Playwire Sites, Playwire will require verified parental or guardian consent, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). To learn more about COPPA, consult this simple one-page informational guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program:
//www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html
9. CHANGES TO PLAYWIRE’S PRIVACY POLICY
Playwire continually strives to implement new technologies and processes to better protect you, your privacy and your use of the Playwire Sites. As a result, changes to this Privacy Policy may be made by Playwire from time to time. If we make changes, we will post them here and update the date above. If we make material changes to this Policy, we may take additional measures to notify you and, if necessary, gain your prior consent. In no event will these changes result in the degradation of any of the security measures designed to protect you from unauthorized disclosure, as such measures are described in this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT PLAYWIRE
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Playwire as follows:
Playwire, LLC
Attn: Privacy
4855 Technology Way, Suite 510,
Boca Raton, Florida 33431
Email:
legal@playwire.com
Phone: (
561) 206-4621
Playwire may change this Privacy Policy from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion.