Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Iversoft Solutions Inc. is committed to respecting the privacy of individuals and recognizes the needs of people for the appropriate management and protection of any Personal Information that you agree to provide to us.
Our Privacy Management Plan includes guidelines on the collection, storage, use and retention of your personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information as follows:
Collection:  For visitors of our website we collect non-personally identifiable information such as your web browser, device type and version, operating system, IP address, referral source, page views, website navigation paths, length of visit, as well as time zone, and some of the cookies installed. We collect this information using analytics programs such as Google Analytics and HubSpot Analytics.
We use cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information such as the type of Internet browser and operating system the visitor uses, the domain name of the website from which the visitor came, date and duration of the visit, number of visits, average time spent on our website, pages viewed, to help users remember passwords, where applicable, and the number of cookies accumulated.
For users of our mobile applications we collect personally identifiable information including: your name and/or company name, address, phone number, email address, screen name and usage patterns.
For those who submit an enquiry or contact us including, but not limited to, through our contact us page, subscribe to our newsletter or blog or download our ebooks, we may collect personally identifiable information as applicable such as: name, company name, website URL, email, phone number, project type and budget.
Use:
We use your personally identifiable personal information to:
fill orders;
contact you;
provide you with information or advertising relating to our business when you request such information;
provide you with support when requested;
participate in promotions when requested;
improve and optimize our website and applications;
administer our applications, websites; and
to better manage our business.
We use your non-personally identifiable information to:
place cookies to help users remember passwords and preferences;
improve and optimize our website and applications;
administer our applications, websites;
and to better manage our business.
For European residents please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe and that we are processing your information for legitimate business purposes as stated above.
Sharing Information:
We share your non-personally identifiable information with third parties to help us manage our business and as stated above. For example, we may use google analytics to learn about how users use our website. We may use Shopify to provide buy and sell components in websites we have built for clients.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit some of our mobile applications. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information during your visits to these and other applications in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a mobile advertising identifier to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioural advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the corresponding support page for
Apple devices
or
Android devices
.
We may also share your personally and non-personally identifiable information to comply with laws and legal requests such as a subpoena.
We will make all reasonable efforts to fully inform such individuals about the planned use/disclosure of personally identifiable information.
Accuracy: We will make every reasonable effort to ensure that the personal information we collect and use is accurate and complete. Individuals providing personally identifiable information will have the opportunity to review and correct their personally identifiable information, and on a written request by an individual to whom the information relates, we will modify the information as required.
Storage: We will store personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information using hard copy and/or electronic means in such a way as to prevent unauthorized collection, access, use, disclosure or disposal of the information.
Retention: We will establish a retention period for all personally identifiable information collected. This period may be related to legislation other than PIPEDA (Employment Standards for example). You may ask us to delete this personally identifiable information on a written request by an individual to whom the information relates.
Disclosure: Except as explicitly outlined in this policy, we will not disclose non-personally identifiable information unnecessarily. We will not disclose personally identifiable information to any third party, unless the affected individual consents.
Access: We promote individual’s right of access to personally identifiable information about themselves. We will provide access to such information upon request. Access will be provided according to established procedures. You can ask that your personally identifiable information be corrected, updated or deleted.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT AND TO REQUEST INFORMATION, CORRECT INFORMATION OR DELETE INFORMATION WE HAVE ABOUT YOU, CONTACT :
Matthew Strentse
E-mail:
matt@iversoft.ca‍‍
INFORMATION IS ALSO AVAILABLE FROM:
Information and Privacy Commissioner, Ontario, Canada
Phone: 1 (800) 387-0073
E-mail:
info@ipc.on.ca
Address: 2 Bloor Street East, Suite 1400
Toronto, Ontario M4W 1A8
Canada
Web:
http://www.ipc.on.ca‍‍‍