Privacy Policy
IGC Mobile s.r.o  PRIVACY POLICY FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
This privacy policy covers your use of each software application (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by IGC Mobile s.r.o; published and available on the Google Play application store and Apple App Store.
Please read this privacy policy carefully as they govern your use of Application. If you do not agree with our privacy policy please do not use our Application.
IGC Mobile s.r.o is the data controller of your information, you may contact IGC Mobile s.r.o using the details below:
support@igcmobile.com
	IGC Mobile s.r.o
	Lyckovo namesti 508/7
	186 00 Praha 8 - Karlin
What information does the Application obtain and how it is used?
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
The Application may collect certain information automatically:
the type of mobile device you use, screen size and language.
unique product installation ID
the IP address of your mobile device
your mobile operating system version
the type of mobile Internet browsers you use
the information about the way you use the Application. This information is impersonalized, does not contain any personal identifiable information such as name, phone, sex, age, etc.
optional Google Play Services Player ID and Alias (Android versions only)
The Application has no access to any contacts information, credit cards, passwords, browser history, etc.
Unique product installation ID is a random UUID which is used to identify particular Application installation and store Application-specific data such as game progress, scores or rating. You may reset this UUID by uninstalling the Application and installing it again or by clearing Application data. (Android versions only)
Google Play Services Player ID and Player Alias are stored and processed only if you have logged in to the Google Play Services. We bind your game progress information to this ID to be able to share it between your devices.
USER PROVIDED INFORMATION
The Application may collect the technical and device-specific data during the error report generation procedure to send it to the technical support team. In this case the generated report is sent by the user using his/her email account. This procedure is optional and performed under your control and explicit confirmation. The final e-mail containing the error report can be edited by you before submission.
CUSTOMER SUPPORT WEBSITE
A customer support portal collects and process only the information provided by you and the following technical information:
Your IP address, type and version of your browser
The web site may use session and persistent cookies
DOES THE APPLICATION COLLECT PRECISE REAL TIME LOCATION INFORMATION OF THE DEVICE?
This Application itself neither collects precise information about the location of your mobile device nor share it with any advertisement providers. A coarse location information may be deducted from your IP address. The Application uses this deduction to understand your location at country level.
ADVERTISEMENT
If your copy of application is used by you in advertisement sponsored mode, we use and can share some of collected data to the third parties such as Google Inc, Facebook Inc, Mopub, Inc. The shared data may include advertisement identifiers, online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses; client identifiers, device information (model, screen size). We do not share your real name, age, email address, precise location, etc.
You can find more specific details, data processing policy and actual list of collected data by visiting the following resources provided by advertisement platforms:
Google Admob
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/adsservices/
Facebook Audience Network
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/dataprocessing
MoPub Privacy Policy
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
ANALYTICS
We use Firebase Analytics and Firebase Crashlytics services to understand the usage of Application to improve user experience. 
	The personal data which may be used for analytics purposes is automatically removed in 30 days. 
	The aggregated anonymised data may be stored longer.
SHARING
This Application uses external modules for advertisement and analytics purposes (such as Firebase Analytics, Google Ads, Facebook Audience Network, etc) and Google Play Services; their privacy policies are covered by separate documents provided by the corresponded service providers. These services are optional and can be turned off by the user.
You can share the results and achievements using any external application installed on the device, in this case the Application only transmits the results and brief description to the external program chosen by you to share data with.
RETENTION
The Application retains automatically collected information in log files for the period of 30 days.
The Application state information, device UUID and Google Player ID retained for the lifetime of the application. This information may be removed by your request.
THE RIGHT TO BE FORGOTTEN
If you’d like to remove all personal data from our system, please contact us using the data from Contacts section.
If you use Application in advertisement sponsored mode you may withdraw your consent in the application settings.
OLDER VERSIONS
The phone and device identification data was used by the Application directly in the older Application versions to create hashed device id. The Application should be actualized (updated) to the latest available version to comply the statements described in this document.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
WE MAY DISCLOSE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our  rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
If IGC Mobile s.r.o . is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets
CHILDREN
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
SECURITY
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The latest policy version is always available at the Google Play product page and company website
YOUR CONSENT
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing” means using cookies on a computer/handheld device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the European Union. If you reside outside the European Union your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under European Union privacy standards.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/adsservices/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Ads Data Protection Terms: Service Information
Controller Terms
Controller Services
The following Google services are eligible to be in scope of the Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms:
AdMob
, except for the AdMob Processor features referred to in the 'Processor Services' section below.
AdSense
Authorized Buyers (formerly known as DoubleClick Ad Exchange Buyers)
Funding Choices
Google Ad Manager (formerly known as DoubleClick for Publishers Small Business and DoubleClick Ad Exchange)
, except for the Google Ad Manager Processor features referred to in the ‘Processor Services’ section below.
Google Ad Manager 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick for Publishers Premium and DoubleClick Ad Exchange)
, except for the Google Ad Manager 360 Processor features referred to in the ‘Processor Services’ section below.
Google Ads (formerly known as AdWords)
: All Google Ads programmes and services accessible to customers through their Google Ads accounts, except for those Google Ads programmes and services that can be in scope of the Google Ads Data Processing Terms, as listed below.
Google Customer Reviews
Programmable Search Engine
Web Search Syndication
Google may update this list from time to time, subject to the terms of the Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms.
Data Processing Terms
Processor Services
The following Google services are eligible to be in scope of the Google Ads Data Processing Terms:
Ads Data Hub
AdMob Processor features
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Enhanced Conversions
Google Ad Manager Processor features
Google Ad Manager 360 Processor features
Google Ads Customer Match
Google Ads Store sales (uploads)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Looker Studio
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google may update this list from time to time, subject to the terms of the Google Ads Data Processing Terms.
Types of personal data
In relation to the Google Ads Data Processing Terms, Customer Personal Data may include the following types of personal data (as applicable, depending on the Processor Services provided under the Agreement).
Processor Service
Types of Personal Data
Ads Data Hub
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; client identifiers
AdMob Processor features
Secure Signals
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers and device identifiers
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; precise location data; client identifiers
Display & Video 360
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; precise location data; client identifiers
Enhanced Conversions
Names, email addresses, phone numbers, addresses, client identifiers, online identifiers, including internet protocol addresses
Google Ad Manager Processor features
Secure Signals, Dynamic Ad Insertion
Google Ad Manager 360 Processor features
Secure Signals, Dynamic Ad Insertion
Google Ads Customer Match
Names, email addresses, addresses and partner-provided identifiers
Google Ads Store sales (uploads)
Names, email addresses, phone numbers and addresses
Google Analytics
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; client identifiers
Google Analytics 360
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; client identifiers
Google Analytics for Firebase
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; client identifiers
Google Optimize
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers and internet protocol addresses; client identifiers
Google Optimize 360
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers and internet protocol addresses; client identifiers
Google Tag Manager
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers and internet protocol addresses
Google Tag Manager 360
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers and internet protocol addresses
Looker Studio
Data relating to individuals provided to Google via the service by (or at the direction of) Customer, including to create and collaborate on reports, graphs and charts
Search Ads 360
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; client identifiers
Google may update this list from time to time to reflect changes to the types of personal data handled by the Processor Services.
Last update: 12 February 2025
Previous Version
22 April 2024
26 February 2024
04 October 2023
14 November 2022
13 September 2022
8 April 2022
14 September 2021
24 March 2021
27 November 2020
26 October 2020
14 May 2020
27 February 2020
24 July 2018
Sub-policy 1
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/:
Products
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
Partners
View all resources
More about us
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Take your monetization
to the next level
Maximize revenue, reduce costs, and save time with MAX
Start earning more
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
Increase ad revenue
Earn more for your ad inventory with an integrated 360º approach
Unified Auction
Drive the highest yield for your app real estate
Choose the mediation platform with the most competitive demand: 25+ SDK networks, 20+ in-app bidders, premium and diversified DSPs through the AppLovin Exchange, and custom options for anyone else you work with.
AD FORMATS
Expand your revenue opportunities
Leverage all major ad formats for more ways to drive in-app ad revenue, as well as innovative ad placements like app open and lock screen ads.
Native
Interstitial
Rewarded
Playable
Rich Media
MREC
Banner
Display
360° Growth
Scale your ad revenue with more active users
MAX makes it easy to reinvest your revenues and learned insights into user acquisition with AppLovin’s growth engine, AppDiscovery, to unlock self-perpetuating growth.
Optimize your ad revenue strategy
Make smarter decisions with full transparency into your ad revenue data
REPORTING TOOLS
MAX’s suite of reporting tools gives actionable insights on demand
Measure performance across your entire monetization strategy
Gain insights and identify opportunities to improve yield all within a single, comprehensive, customizable dashboard or downloadable report.
Ad Inventory
Track ad performance, overall revenue, and integration health.
Network
Monitor bidding performance and the ability to fill and serve ads.
Waterfall
Analyze impact of waterfall configurations and segmentation on revenue.
Validate revenue data across MAX and partner networks
Monitor and detect discrepancies between ad sources early to protect your revenue. Compare metrics including:
CPMs
Impressions
Revenue
Understand the entire user lifecycle to optimize LTV
Measure the impact of ad settings on metrics such as user retention, engagement, and revenue per install over time for a group of users who installed an app on the same day.
Get insights into user engagement
View daily analytics on your app’s performance, including number of daily active users in your app, ARPDAU, and the average number of impressions users are seeing. Plus, filter reports by ad format to understand the impact of optimizations.
Access granular data for more accurate ROAS and user LTV calculations
Remove blind spots and better optimize paid user acquisition campaigns with user and impression-level data handed off to your MMP or BI tool of choice.
A/B Testing
Test your entire monetization strategy
Easily set up A/B tests to identify opportunities for driving incremental ad revenue. Test changes to:
Demand partners
Waterfall configurations
Price points
Ad frequency
Refresh rates
User segments
Spend less time on setup and management
Get started quickly and automate processes for revenue optimization
Mediation Management Tools
Modernize traditional waterfalls with automation
Update network CPMs daily without lifting a finger
Ensure fairer competition from non-bidding networks.
Put your CPMs on autopilot
Reduce the need for regular updates, and minimize opportunities for error.
Capture more revenue with better price setting
Leverage historical data to power smart CPM adjustments.
Spend less time on waterfall creation and ad unit management
Manage your setup through the MAX UI or your own BI tool.
Easy Cloning
Speed up waterfall creation by cloning ones that already exist.
Ad Unit Management API
Create ad units, build and update waterfalls, and launch A/B tests via your own platform or BI tool.
Developer Tools
Monetize your apps without disrupting your workflow
Launch your apps confidently
MAX’s testing tools reduce post-launch frustration.
Test Mode
Provide reliable network fill for your test devices.
Mediation Debugger
Verify and troubleshoot your integrated ad networks.
Develop what you want, how you want
MAX provides unmatched support for multiple platforms and development engines.
Supported Platforms
Android
iOS
FireOS
Supported Development Engines
Unity
Adobe AIR
Cordova
React
Unreal
Flutter
Godot
Defold
Unity Integration Manager
Quickly get started monetizing your Unity app with a plugin that integrates the AppLovin SDK and network adapters automatically.
Ensure brand safety
Protect your revenue by ensuring quality in all aspects of your app experience — including which ads users see.
Ad Review
Gain control over ad visibility
Monitor ads running in your app and automatically identify risky or competitive content for easy bad ad reporting.
Detect
Automatically flag risky content and competitor ads based on custom rules and filters.
View
View and filter flagged ads by network, format, content rating, advertiser, rule, and more.
Report
Easily report problematic ads within the dashboard.
Compete
Inform your user acquisition efforts with intel into the latest ad concepts in your app category.
User Journey
Support your support teams — quickly find ads reported by users
View all the ads seen by a user to easily locate problematic ads that could cause churn, and report them directly from the dashboard. Plus, eliminate the need to blindly block ads or networks that may not actually be problematic.
Creative Debugger
Access comprehensive ad information on demand
Use a simple gesture to reveal ad information such as the name of the network, the creative ID, and more, and automatically generate reports for problematic ads.
Here’s what our developers are saying
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
Take your mobile monetization to the MAX
Start earning more