Privacy & Security Policy
Skip to the content
Privacy & Security Policy
Dubai Electricity and Water Authority (DEWA) is committed to protecting the rights of the users of its website, and keeping data and information secure. We have created this privacy and security statement to explain the current information management practices on our websites.
Information Collection and Usage:
DEWA does not collect any personal information about you when you visit its website, unless specified, or you choose to provide this information to us. However, upon your visit, the following information is automatically collected and stored:
The IP address from which you access the Internet and the date and time of your visit to our website.
The pages you visit (recorded by the text and graphics files that compose the page)
DEWA use this information solely for statistical and monitoring purposes and to help us identify which services are most or least interesting to our visitors, as well identifying website performance.
We may use third party tools or software for conducting statistical analysis. However, only certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who accessed our website or most visited pages, are collected. Such information does not identify you individually.
DEWA keeps all collected information confidential except where disclosure is enforced or required by law, or as part of requirement to protect the rights or properties of DEWA.
Security of Transactions:
Please be assured that this site has security measures in place to protect the information you provide us. We use encryption methods to protect all information, which is deemed to be sensitive, or any other data that should remain secure to meet DEWA’s, federal, or local legal requirements.
Links to third-party websites:
DEWA's website may provide links to other web sites. However we are not responsible for the accuracy of the contents of these sites or their mechanisms for information collection and usage.
If you connect to any other site through DEWA’s website, you need to read its Security & Privacy Policy to determine its practices related to information collection and usage.
Security & Privacy Policy Changes:
DEWA reserves the right to change this Security & Privacy Policy at any time. The amended version of the Security & Privacy Policy will be always published only on DEWA's website.
Privacy intrusion:
If you doubt that your privacy is being compromised, follow these steps immediately:
Close all browsers
Change your password immediately
Inform us by email on
customercare@dewa.gov.ae
or phone on
+971-4-601-9999
.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored in your device when you visit a website. DEWA uses cookies to improve your overall website experience.
How does DEWA use Cookies?
DEWA’s website cookies store website preferences like preferred language, font-size, or specific version (e.g. high-contrast). Once your preferences are set, you do not need to specify them again for DEWA’s site. DEWA also uses cookies for parts of the website that require registration to access content.
DEWA is committed to the protection of its customers’ private information and does not track individual users or their identity.  DEWA only accesses the system information of the device, the website is being viewed on, to gain useful knowledge about how it is used. The collected information is used solely for statistical and monitoring purposes to help DEWA improve the user experience of the services and to identify the performance of DEWA’s services.
3rd Party Cookies:
DEWA also uses 3rd party tools or software, such as Google Analytics, to track web statistics. In this case, Google will place a 3rd party cookie on your computer. This is also the case with Google Maps across the site.
Any information collected by way of these cookies will be stored and managed by DEWA as per the approved DEWA Website and Mobile App Privacy Policy. If you don’t wish to store cookies for DEWA’s website, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent, disable the cookies collection feature, or delete cookies that have already been set.
Disclaimer:
DEWA is not responsible for any technical, hardware or software failures of any kind; lost or unavailable network connections; incomplete, garbled or delayed transmissions. It assumes no liability for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, consequential or psychological damages as a result of visiting or using its Website or loss of services, income or welfare resulting from any virus that may infect computer equipment used to access its sites. Under no circumstances will DEWA be liable for any damages or injury that result from the use of the materials on this site and the user shall indemnify DEWA from and against all liabilities resulting from the user's failure to observe these terms and conditions. DEWA does not warrant that information currently accessible is up-to-date.
Please wait a moment
Your privacy is important to us. We will only interact with the DEWA webpage you will share with us.
Are you sure you want to reinitiate the Hayak chat?
Sign Language