Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information We Collect
Information Collected By Third Parties
How We Use The Information We Collect
Your Communication Preferences
California Consumer Privacy Statement - Applicable Only to California Residents
California Notice of Financial Incentives
Colorado Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to Colorado Residents
Colorado Bona Fide Loyalty Program
Connecticut Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to Connecticut Residents
Delaware Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to Delaware Residents
Iowa Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to Iowa Residents
Montana Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to Montana Residents
Nebraska Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to Nebraska Residents
New Hampshire Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to New Hampshire Residents
New Jersey Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to New Jersey Residents
Oregon Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to Oregon Residents
Texas Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to Texas Residents
Utah Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to Utah Residents
Virginia Privacy Rights - Applicable Only to Virginia Residents
Privacy-Related Requests - Other Jurisdictions
Security
Other Websites
Persons Under Ages 13 and 21
Changes To This Policy
Privacy Officer
LAST UPDATED: February 21, 2025
MGM Resorts International values your patronage and respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy ("
Policy
") describes the information collection, use, protection, and sharing practices of MGM Resorts International and MGM Resorts International web sites, mobile applications, electronic communications, and properties described below (collectively, "
us
," "
we
," or "
our
"). If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, please contact us at
privacy@mgmresorts.com
. As used in this Policy, the word “
including
” means including, without limitation.
This Policy applies only to MGM Resorts International, MGM Resorts International websites ("
websites
"), mobile applications, social media pages, and other electronic communications that we control and that post this Policy (collectively, "
MGM Online Services
"), and the following resorts, casinos and properties (which may include facilities and venues located on such premises) (collectively, "
MGM Resorts
"):
ARIA Resort and Casino (including Sky Suites) in Las Vegas, Nevada
Beau Rivage in Biloxi, Mississippi
Bellagio in Las Vegas, Nevada
Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa in Atlantic City, New Jersey
Dolby Live in Las Vegas, Nevada
Empire City Casino in Yonkers, New York
Excalibur in Las Vegas, Nevada
Luxor in Las Vegas, Nevada
Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas, Nevada
Mandalay Place in Las Vegas, Nevada
Michelob ULTRA Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada
MGM Grand (including Skylofts and Mansion) in Las Vegas, Nevada
MGM Grand Detroit in Detroit, Michigan
MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada
MGM National Harbor in Oxon Hill, Maryland
MGM Northfield Park in Northfield, Ohio
MGM Springfield in Springfield, Massachusetts
New York-New York in Las Vegas, Nevada
NoMad Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada
Park MGM in Las Vegas, Nevada
The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada
The Park District in Las Vegas, Nevada
The Signature at MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada
T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada
Vdara Hotel & Spa in Las Vegas, Nevada
W Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada
MGM Resorts International is a corporation subject to the laws of the United States. This Policy describes our information collection, use, protection, and sharing practices in the United States. The United States may not offer a level of privacy protection as great as that offered in other jurisdictions. In jurisdictions outside of the United States where we are subject to different or more restrictive local laws, we may adjust our practices in those jurisdictions to comply with local laws. Otherwise, we make no representation that the practices described in this Policy are compliant with laws outside of the United States that apply to the collection, security, use and disclosure of information. Information that is collected or stored in jurisdictions outside of the United States may, subject to applicable law, be disclosed or transferred to the United States or other locations. When information is transferred to the United States, it will be handled in accordance with the laws of the United States.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information from a variety of sources and in a variety of ways, including the following:
A. Personal Information
. When you visit, use, and/or access MGM Resorts or MGM Online Services (e.g. sign-up for MGM Rewards loyalty program or book a hotel reservation on a MGM Resorts website), you may provide us with (and/or we may collect) information by which you can be personally identified including your name, date of birth, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, driver's license number, government-issued identification card number, passport number, videos, recordings, and images of you (“
Personal Information
”). For example, we may collect Personal Information when you complete a form, have a card/document scanned/swiped/tapped, or through camera functionality on your mobile device that you enable. We may also obtain Personal Information from third parties.
B. Employment Application Information/Business-to-Business Information
. If you apply for a job with us, we may ask for certain information about you including your work and education history, and your profile/résumé. If you are an employee or other representative of our vendors, business partners, or other third parties, information we obtain about you in the course of your professional relationship with us, such as professional and employment-related data and contact information.
C. Vehicle Information
. Through various ways (including when you park a vehicle at, or otherwise visit, MGM Resorts), we may collect information about a vehicle including an image of the vehicle, the vehicle's make, model, and license plate number. For example, we collect license plate information through technology known as “Automatic License Plate Recognition” (which captures the images of vehicle license plates and related information such as time/date of image capture) for various safety, security, fraud prevention, and other purposes. This information may also be collected manually (such as at check-in).
D. Purchase and Transaction Information
. When you visit, use and/or access MGM Resorts or MGM Online Services, we may collect information about your activities and actions including your purchases, reservations, and gaming activity (in jurisdictions where gaming is permitted).
E. Sensitive Information
. When you make a purchase, visit, use and/or access MGM Resorts or MGM Online Services (e.g., check-in to hotel (including at the front desk, a kiosk or via mobile check-in) and enter a casino), or engage in other transactions or activities, you may provide us with sensitive Personal Information, which may include your credit or debit card number, financial account number, biometric-related information including physiological or biological characteristics used to establish individual identity, such as fingerprints or facial recognition, medical/health-related information, social security number, naturalization number, precise geolocation, racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, genetic data, sex life and sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status (“
Sensitive Information
”). We may collect Sensitive Information through various ways including when you complete a form, have a card/document scanned/swiped/tapped, or through camera functionality on your mobile device that you enable.
F. Wi-Fi and Location Information
. When you use Wi-Fi services we make available at MGM Resorts, we may collect (directly or through third parties) information about the websites you visit, the type of device and browser you are using, your device identification number, your precise physical location, bandwidth used, session time, etc. Even if you choose not to use Wi-Fi services we make available at MGM Resorts, we may still collect information concerning the precise physical location of your mobile device within and around MGM Resorts for Non-Marketing Purposes (defined in Section 3.A. below). With notice or your consent (and regardless of whether you use Wi-Fi service we make available at MGM Resorts), we might also collect information about the precise physical location of your mobile device within and around MGM Resorts for marketing purposes.
G. Device and Browser Information
. When you visit, use, and/or access MGM Online Services, we may collect information about the type of device and browser you are using, the unique number assigned to your server or Internet connection, your physical location, and your interactions with MGM Online Services (including the monitoring and recording of such interactions and reconstructing activity from a session or by a user). We may also use “cookies”, other tracking tools (such as APIs (application programming interface) and SDKs (software development kits)) and similar technologies to help us recognize and serve you better including to analyze technical data from you and for marketing purposes. Cookies are small files that contain information sent by a website that is saved on your computer's hard drive. Cookies also are used to put a unique identifier on your computer. We use different types of cookies with different purposes depending on where you are located when you visit, use and/or access MGM Online Services. In all jurisdictions, we use cookies that are necessary for the MGM Online Services to function as you would expect. For example, necessary cookies allow you to navigate between web pages and log in to your account. Other types of cookies enable us to gather data such as web pages visited, links clicked, material downloaded, and allow us to record and/or reconstruct activity from a session or by a user. These types of cookies help us to generate statistics regarding usage of MGM Online Services and for troubleshooting, analytics, issue resolution, and other purposes. There are different methods for cookie placement, including “browser” cookies (also known as “html cookies”) and Flash cookies (also known as “Local Shared Objects”). You can configure your browser to reject browser cookies or to notify you when browser cookies are offered so that you can accept or reject them. However, if you reject browser cookies you may not be able to conduct some transactions or use some services on MGM Online Services. In addition, blocking or deleting browser cookies may not block or delete other types of cookies including Flash cookies. In some jurisdictions and on select MGM Online Services' sites, you may be able to access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
to opt-out of the placement of non-necessary cookies for such select MGM Online Services. To exercise such opt-outs with respect to the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, please access the specific T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page on its site or at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
.
H. Social Media Information
. When you use integrated social media features on MGM Online Services, or other social media websites or mobile applications, we may obtain information including your name and e-mail address; and videos, recordings, and images of you.
I. Video Surveillance Information
. When you visit MGM Resorts, we may use video and other surveillance systems to monitor gaming areas and other public and sensitive areas within and around MGM Resorts for safety, security, fraud prevention, and other purposes. Some surveillance systems may incorporate facial recognition technologies, which may be used for additional screening.
J. Audio, electronic, or similar information.
When you call MGM Resorts, for example, to make a hotel reservation, dining reservation, or purchase entertainment tickets, to inquire about your loyalty program account, or otherwise communicate with MGM Resorts via audio, electronic and/or video channels, we may obtain information related to you and your request/inquiry and we may monitor or record such interaction.
K. Other Information
. We may obtain information about you from third parties, including entities that direct you to, are located at, or are accessible via, MGM Online Services or MGM Resorts, business partners, family members, and friends.
L. BetMGM and Other Gaming Information
. If you participate in activities on/at BetMGM-branded gaming platforms/facilities/retail operations or other sports betting, poker, or casino games platforms/facilities/retail operations, we may obtain information from other parties including BetMGM which includes information related to your BetMGM or other gaming account(s) including information that we need to make services available to you and/or to associate your BetMGM (or other gaming) account(s) and your MGM loyalty program account.
M. Marriott Bonvoy and Other Related Information
. If you are a Marriott Bonvoy member who books a room at certain MGM Resorts and/or engages in other activities at certain MGM Resorts, we may obtain information from other parties including Marriott International. This may include information related to your Bonvoy account including information that we may use and/or need to make services available to you and/or to associate your Bonvoy account to you and/or your MGM-related activities.
N. Chat Functions
. MGM Online Services may use tools to provide chat features to connect you with chat assistance (including, but not limited to, online, via text message, mobile application, and/or telephone), which may be powered by human interaction, chatbots (which may use artificial intelligence ("AI")), or a combination of human interaction and chatbots. We may collect the information that you submit to us to provide, improve, and/or develop the chat functionality, so that we can, for example, better respond to your and other customers' future interactions. We and/or our third-party service providers may record chat sessions, store data associated with those sessions, use such information for quality and training purposes and for other purposes including those contemplated by this Policy. By using our MGM Online Services that include chat functionality, you consent to the collection, recording, retaining, storing, and use by us and our service providers of chat sessions and information that you provide.
O. Surveys
. We may initiate surveys from time to time, including using third-party survey providers. The survey providers collect and process your survey responses on our behalf and provide us the information in response to the surveys. We use survey data to help improve and assess our services, our website, and for other business purposes.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES
A. Interest-Based Advertising
. When you visit, use, and/or access MGM Online Services in some jurisdictions, certain cookies (such as certain cookies placed by third parties), other tracking tools (such as APIs (application programming interfaces) and SDKs (software development kits)), and similar technologies may be used by third parties to collect information at, or through, MGM Online Services and other websites for a variety of purposes including for analytics and for providing you with advertisements. This type of ad-customization is sometimes referred to as “interest-based advertising.” For more information about interest-based advertising please visit
https://www.networkadvertising.org/faq
.
In relevant jurisdictions and on select MGM Online Services’ sites, you may be able to access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
to opt-out of the placement of non-necessary cookies, including cookies used for interest-based advertising, for such select MGM Online Services. To exercise such opt-outs with respect to the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, please access the specific T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page on its site or at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
.
Please note that the use of cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies by third parties at, or through, MGM Online Services is subject to their own privacy policies, not our Policy. If you would like more information about your choices concerning interest-based advertising, including how you may opt-out of some uses of information collected by members of the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance, including those that may collect information at, or through, the MGM Online Services, please visit
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
and
https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
.
At this time, we do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “do not track” instructions.  We use a third-party service provider to assist us in responding to opt-out preference signals sent by the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) standard, a user-enabled setting available in certain internet browsers and browser extensions.
B. Cross-Device Information
. We use Adobe’s Cross-Device Analytics (CDA) feature to better understand how you use MGM Online Services across the various devices you use and to deliver tailored promotions. To learn more from Adobe about Cross-Device Analytics, please visit
https://business.adobe.com/products/analytics/cross-device-analytics.html
.
3. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A. Use by MGM Resorts International
Marketing Purposes
. We may use the information we collect for our own marketing purposes including notifying you of special promotions, offers, and events via e-mail, direct mail, social media, telephone, text message, push notifications, in-room notifications, and other means.
Non-Marketing Purposes
. We may use the information we collect for non-marketing purposes including (1) validating your identity; (2) recording and accessing gaming-related activity (in jurisdictions where gaming is permitted); (3) conducting research, analytics, and statistical or demographic analysis; (4) processing, fulfilling, and tracking reservations, purchases, or other transactions such as hotel accommodations, gaming activities, spa services, food and beverage services, retail, and entertainment; (5) complying with legal and regulatory requirements; (6) customizing your experience while visiting, using and/or accessing MGM Online Services and/or MGM Resorts; (7) protecting and defending MGM Resorts International and its affiliates against legal actions or claims; (8) preventing fraud and detecting security incidents; (9) collecting debt; (10) satisfying contractual obligations; (11) evaluating employment applications; (12) safety and security purposes including protecting our rights and property, cooperating with law enforcement or other government agencies for purposes of national security, public safety, or matters of public importance when we believe that disclosure of information is necessary or appropriate to protect the public interest; (13) assess and improve our products and services; (14) assess and improve MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; (15) create and update customer profiles; (16) determine your eligibility for casino markers and offers; (17) responding to your inquiries; (18) performing background checks (for example, if you apply for employment with us); (19) process financial transactions; and (20) manage professional development, performance, and conduct (collectively “
Non-Marketing Purposes
”).
When it is possible to do so, we may link Personal Information such as your name or e-mail address with non-Personal Information such as the unique identifier associated with your computer or mobile device. We may also link Personal Information with other generally or publicly available information to help us identify your preferences or interests. The information we collect may also be merged with information available from other sources such as (1) companies that match e-mail addresses with postal addresses and other information; (2) credit card verification and credit services; and (3) other subsidiaries, resorts, casinos, or properties that are owned, operated, or affiliated with MGM Resorts International (each a “
MGM Subsidiary
”).
B. Sharing within MGM Resorts International and with Subsidiaries
We may share the information we collect for any purpose among MGM Resorts International and any individual MGM Resort, MGM Subsidiary, or MGM Online Service. Sensitive Information will only be shared for Non-Marketing Purposes.
C. Sharing with Business Partners and Other Third Parties
We may share the information we collect with our business partners and other third parties for Non-Marketing purposes and marketing purposes (e.g., joint marketing purposes or our business partners’ (or our own) marketing purposes). Even if you opt-out of permitting us to share your Personal Information with our business partners and other third parties for marketing purposes, we may still share the information we collect with them for Non-Marketing purposes such as processing transactions, fulfilling your requests, responding to your inquiries, analytics (such as analyzing performance and utilization metrics), etc. Sensitive Information will only be shared with our business partners and other third parties for Non-Marketing Purposes. When we provide Sensitive Information or other Personal Information to our business partners and other third parties, we require them to exercise reasonable care to protect such information and restrict the use of such information to the purposes for which it was provided to them.
D. Service Providers and Contractors
We may engage service providers and contractors to provide certain services to us or to perform certain services on our behalf including analytics, fraud and security protection-related services, marketing, fulfillment, etc. In some cases, service providers or contractors may collect or be provided with access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform such services.
E. Certain Business Transactions
We may share any or all of the information we collect (including Sensitive Information) with any successor to all or part of our business in connection with a transaction involving a sale, purchase, reorganization, or transfer of any asset of MGM Resorts International and/or any individual MGM Resort or MGM Online Service.
F. BetMGM
Regarding sharing information with BetMGM, LLC (or others) about a BetMGM or other gaming account, we will provide BetMGM, LLC (or others) with certain information (subject to compliance with applicable laws and with your consent where required) including information related to gaming activity that is necessary for, and/or used by, BetMGM, LLC, others, and/or us to administer your BetMGM, MGM loyalty and/or other accounts, and for regulatory and other purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. For opt-out information specific to your BetMGM accounts and/or BetMGM, LLC, please see Section 4.B. below.
G. Marriott International
Regarding sharing information with Marriott International (and/or others affiliated with or acting on behalf of Marriott International) about and/or related to your Bonvoy account and/or stay(s) (and other activities) at certain MGM Resorts, we will provide Marriott International (or others) with certain information including information related to your stay and other activities at certain MGM Resorts that Marriott and/or others may use and/or need in connection with and/or to administer your Bonvoy account, provide you with information about your stay at certain MGM Resorts and for other purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy and Marriott Group Global Privacy Statement
https://www.marriott.com/about/privacy.mi
.
H. Social Media Information
MGM Online Services, or other social media websites or mobile applications, may allow you to connect and share information with various social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, and other similar platforms. These features may require us to implement cookies, plug-ins, and/or APIs provided by such social media platforms to facilitate communications and features. We may share information that you provide us or that we may collect about your use of MGM Online Services with these various platforms, and such information becomes subject to their privacy and data policies when we do so. See Sections 3.A. and 3.C. for additional information.
We may also use the advertising services and networks offered by social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, and other similar platforms, to deliver ad content. We may disclose personal information to these social media platforms to allow such platforms to identify similar platform users that may be interested in our ad content. Use of these services requires the social media platform to implement cookies and/or pixels and similar technologies to deliver ads to you while online with such platforms. If you are a California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, or Virginia resident, please see the applicable state-specific sections below for more information about your choices with respect to your personal information and online targeted advertising (also known as cross-context behavioral advertising) through the use of cookies and similar technologies.
4. YOUR COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
A. For MGM Rewards Program Members Only: Using the MGM Online Preference Center to Update Your Marketing Communication Preferences (Including How to Opt-Out of Marketing from Us)
To review and/or update your marketing preferences (including how to opt-of receiving marketing solicitations from us) please login to your MGM Rewards Loyalty account here
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/sign-in.html
,
select “Preferences” then “Manage Preferences”. Within the Preference Center, you can manage which MGM Resorts Property you choose to receive marketing communications from, if any. You can also manage among various communications preferences including e-mail, mail, phone, text message and push notification. See Sections 4.B. and 4.D. for details on how to opt-out from having your Personal Information shared and/or sold to certain third parties for marketing purposes.
B. For All (including MGM Rewards Program Members): How to Opt-Out of Marketing from Us (Additional Options) and How to Opt-Out of Having Your Personal Information Shared with Others for Marketing Purposes
Regardless of whether or not you have a MGM Rewards Program account, you have the following options related to marketing solicitations.
If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing solicitations from us via email, mail, phone, text message and push notification, or you do not want us to share your Personal Information for marketing purposes with our business partners or other third parties, or with any individual MGM Resort, or MGM Subsidiary please submit your request via e-mail at
optout@mgmresorts.com
;
via telephone at (866)-761-7111; or via postal mail, with your specific request(s) at:
MGM Resorts International
Corporate Compliance Department
Attn: OPT-OUT
71 E. Harmon
Las Vegas, NV 89109
Although you may opt-out of the use and sharing of Personal Information for marketing purposes, we may still use and share information we collect for Non-Marketing Purposes. For example, even if you choose to opt-out from marketing-related communications, we will continue to send you transactional messages about your reservations or stays.
Please note, if you would like to submit a request to opt-out of marketing or otherwise exercise any other rights or request information related to a BetMGM account and/or BetMGM, LLC, please contact BetMGM, LLC at
optout@mgmresorts.com
or:
BetMGM, LLC
Attn: Privacy Policy
Harborside Plaza 2, Suite 700
200 Hudson Street
Jersey City, NJ 07311
C. How to Opt-Out of Online Tracking
For information on how to opt-out of some uses of information collected by third-party advertising companies at (or through) MGM Online Services, please visit
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
and
https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
.
In addition, in some jurisdictions, you may be able to access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
to opt-out of third-party cookies used for interest-based advertising (Targeting Cookies).
D. State Specific Opt-Out Rights
Nevada Residents
. Nevada law gives consumers in Nevada the right to restrict certain businesses from selling certain Personal Information to certain unaffiliated third parties. To exercise this right (for Nevada residents only), please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and follow the instructions and provide the requested information including your complete name, street address, city, state, zip code, and email address.
California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights
.
California Shine the Light Law:
California law requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California residents asking about the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for third party marketing purposes. Alternatively, such businesses may adopt a policy of not disclosing Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes if a California resident has opted-out of such information sharing. We have adopted an opt-out policy. If you wish to opt-out of our sharing your Personal Information with third parties for marketing purposes, please follow the instructions in Section 4.B. above.
California Consumer Privacy Act and Privacy Rights Act:
If you are a California consumer, please see Section 5 of this Privacy Policy called “California Consumer Privacy Statement” for more information about your privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020) and its implementing regulations (such laws/regulations are collectively, "CCPA" and such privacy rights are, collectively, “California Privacy Rights”).
Colorado Residents – Your Colorado Privacy Rights
. If you are a Colorado consumer, please see Section 6 of this Privacy Policy called “Colorado Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out rights under the Colorado Privacy Act as amended and its implementing rules (such law/rules are collectively, "Colorado Privacy Law" and such privacy rights are, collectively, “Colorado Privacy Rights”).
Connecticut Residents – Your Connecticut Privacy Rights
. If you are a Connecticut consumer, please see Section 7 of this Privacy Policy called “Connecticut Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act as amended (such law is hereinafter, "Connecticut Privacy Law" and such privacy rights are, collectively, “Connecticut Privacy Rights”).
Delaware Residents – Your Delaware Privacy Rights
. If you are a Delaware consumer, please see Section 8 of this Privacy Policy called “Delaware Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out rights under the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act as amended (such law is hereinafter, "Delaware Privacy Law" and such privacy rights are, collectively, “Delaware Privacy Rights”).
Iowa Residents – Your Iowa Privacy Rights
. If you are an Iowa consumer, please see Section 9 of this Privacy Policy called “Iowa Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out rights under the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act as amended (such law is hereinafter, “Iowa Privacy Law" and such privacy rights are, collectively, “Iowa Privacy Rights”).
Montana Residents – Your Montana Privacy Rights
. If you are a Montana consumer, please see Section 10 of this Privacy Policy called “Montana Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out rights under the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act as amended (such law is hereinafter, “Montana Privacy Law” and such privacy rights are, collectively, “Montana Privacy Rights”).
Nebraska Residents – Your Nebraska Privacy Rights
. If you are a Nebraska consumer, please see Section 11 of this Privacy Policy called "Nebraska Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out rights under the Nebraska Data Privacy Act as amended (such law is hereinafter, "Nebraska Privacy Law" and such privacy rights are, collectively, “Nebraska Privacy Rights”).
New Hampshire Residents – Your New Hampshire Privacy Rights
. If you are New Hampshire consumer, please see Section 12 of this Privacy Policy called “New Hampshire Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out rights under the New Hampshire Privacy Act as amended (such law is hereinafter, "New Hampshire Privacy Law" and such privacy rights are, collectively, “New Hampshire Privacy Rights”).
New Jersey Residents – Your New Jersey Privacy Rights
. If you are a New Jersey consumer, please see Section 13 of this Privacy Policy called “New Jersey Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out rights under the New Jersey Data Privacy Act as amended and its implementing rules and regulations (such law/rules/regulations are hereinafter, "New Jersey Privacy Law" and such privacy rights are, collectively, “New Jersey Privacy Rights”).
Oregon Residents – Your Oregon Privacy Rights
. If you are an Oregon consumer, please see Section 14 of this Privacy Policy called “Oregon Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out rights under the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act as amended (such law is hereinafter, “Oregon Privacy Law” and such privacy rights are, collectively, “Oregon Privacy Rights”).
Texas Residents – Your Texas Privacy Rights
. If you are a Texas consumer, please see Section 15 of this Privacy Policy called “Texas Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out rights under the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act as amended (such law is hereinafter, “Texas Privacy Law” and such privacy rights are, collectively, “Texas Privacy Rights”).
Utah Residents – Your Utah Privacy Rights
. If you are a Utah consumer, please see Section 16 of this Privacy Policy called “Utah Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out right under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act as amended (such law is hereinafter, “Utah Privacy Law” and such privacy rights are, collectively, “Utah Privacy Rights”).
Virginia Residents – Your Virginia Privacy Rights
. If you are a Virginia consumer, please see Section 17 of this Privacy Policy called “Virginia Privacy Rights” for more information about your privacy opt-out right under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act of 2021 as amended (such law is hereinafter, "Virginia Privacy Law: and such privacy rights are, collectively, “Virginia Privacy Rights”).
Washington Consumers – Your Consumer Health Data Privacy
. If you are a Washington consumer (as defined under the Washington My Health My Data Act), please see our Washington Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy, available at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/washington-policy.html
for information about how to exercise certain health privacy rights regarding consumer health data.
E. How to Opt-Out of Receiving Telemarketing Calls from Us
Even if you registered your telephone number on a do-not-call list, certain exemptions may allow us to contact you by telephone. However, to honor your preferences, we also maintain our own internal do-not-call list. If you would like to opt-out of receiving telemarketing sales calls from us, you can add your telephone number to our internal do- not-call list by submitting your request via e-mail at
optout@mgmresorts.com
;
via telephone at (866)-761-7111; or via postal mail, with your specific request(s) at:
MGM Resorts International
Corporate Compliance Department
Attn: OPT-OUT
71 E. Harmon
Las Vegas, NV 89109
5. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY STATEMENT - APPLICABLE ONLY TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
A. Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information
i. Categories of Personal Information Collected
. We may collect (and may have collected during the 12-month period prior to the Last Updated date of this Privacy Policy) the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers:
Identifiers such as name, e-mail address, postal mail address, telephone number, date of birth, credit card number, passport number, driver’s license number, bank account number, social security number, and internet protocol address.
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e):
Including signature, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, debit card number, and other financial information, medical information, and health insurance information.
Protected Classifications:
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, color, national origin, age, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, and military and veteran status.
Commercial Information:
Including your gaming-related information, entertainment, travel, dining, lodging, purchase history, and business transactions.
Biometric Information:
Biometric-related information including physiological or biological characteristics used to establish individual identity, such as fingerprints or facial recognition
.
Online Activity:
Internet or other similar electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications, or advertisements.
Geolocation Data.
Sensory Information:
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Employment Information:
Professional or employment-related information; union membership.
Education Information:
Defined by CCPA as education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act.
Inferences:
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
ii. Business or Commercial Purposes for Which Information was Collected
. We may use (and may have used during the 12-month period prior to the Last Updated date of this Privacy Policy) the categories of personal information listed above for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy. In addition, we may use these categories of personal information for certain business or commercial purposes, as follows:
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
Helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of the consumer’s personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, nonpersonalized advertising shown as part of a consumer’s current interaction with our business.
Performing services on behalf of our business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services on behalf of our business.
Providing advertising and marketing services to the consumer.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by our business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by our business.
iii.
Categories of Sources from Which Information was Collected
. During the 12-month period prior to the Last Updated date of this Privacy Policy, we may have obtained personal information about you from the following categories of sources:
Information you provide directly to us and that is collected at MGM Resorts (See Sections 1.A., 1.B., 1.C., 1.D., 1.E., 1.I., and 1.J.).
Information automatically collected through MGM websites, social media platforms, and online advertising services (See Sections 1.G. and 1.H.).
Information obtained from other sources, including service providers, contractors, third-party services, data analytics providers, other vendors, joint marketing and business partners, recruiting and talent agencies, job references, such as your employers or teachers, data brokers, such as public databases, credit bureaus, credit reporting service providers and background check services, and government-related entities (See Sections 1.B.,1.K., 1.L., and 1.M.).
Information we automatically collect through the MGM mobile apps, including location information (See Section 1.G.).
Information we automatically collect when you use our Wi-Fi services (See Section 1.F.).
Information we automatically collect from mobile devices at MGM Resorts (See Section 1.F.).
Other information we collect related to your gaming and purchase history and interactions with us (See Sections 1.D., 1.L., and 1.M.).
iv. Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
. We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. We may sell or share your personal information for non-monetary compensation by allowing certain third parties (such as online advertising services and marketing partners) to collect personal information (i) via automated technologies on our websites and apps
for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes and/or (ii) for marketing-related purposes. This kind of sharing may be considered a “sale or sharing” under California law when the personal information is exchanged for non-monetary compensation. You have the right to opt out of these types of disclosures of your information.
We may sell or share for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes and/or marketing-related purposes (and may have sold or shared during the 12-month period prior to the Last Updated date of this Privacy Policy) the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services and/or marketing partners:
Identifiers
Commercial Information
Online Activity
Inferences
You have the right to opt-out of this disclosure of your information, as detailed above. We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
v. Disclosure of Personal Information
. During the 12-month period prior to the Last Updated date of this Privacy Policy, we may have disclosed your personal information to certain categories of third parties, as described below.
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information about you for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Category of Personal Information
Category of Third Party
Identifiers
Third party service providers; third party business partners; credit reporting agencies; data analytics providers; digital advertising providers; internet service providers; operating system and platform providers.
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Third party service providers; third party business partners; credit reporting agencies; data analytics providers.
Protected Classifications
Third party service providers; third party business partners; credit reporting agencies; data analytics providers.
Commercial Information
Third party service providers; third party business partners; credit reporting agencies; data analytics providers.
Biometric Information
Third party service providers; third party business partners.
Online Activity
Third party service providers; third party business partners; digital advertising providers; internet service providers; operating system and platform providers; data analytics providers.
Geolocation Data
Third party service providers; third party business partners; digital advertising providers; internet service providers; operating system and platform providers.
Sensory Information
Third party service providers; third party business partners; credit reporting agencies; data analytics providers; digital advertising providers.
Employment Information
Third party service providers (e.g., employers of consultants); third party business partners; credit reporting agencies; data analytics providers.
Education Information
Third party service providers; third party business partners.
Inferences
Third party service providers; third party business partners; digital advertising providers.
Sensitive Personal Information
Third party service providers; third party business partners; credit reporting agencies.
In addition to the categories of third parties identified above, during the 12-month period prior to the Last Updated date of this Privacy Policy, we may have disclosed personal information about you to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests) and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries, requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
vi
.
Retention of Personal Information
. We will retain your personal information for the time period reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and this California Consumer Privacy Statement, or any other notice provided at the time of collection, taking into account applicable statutes of limitation and records retention requirements under applicable law.
vii
.
Deidentified Information
. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under CCPA), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
B. California Consumer Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights, as described below. These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to some important exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your California Privacy Rights. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. You also have the right to designate an authorized agent to exercise your California Privacy Rights on your behalf.
If you need this Policy in an alternative, accessible format due to a disability, please send an email with your name and contact information to
privacy@mgmresorts.com
.
i. Requests To Know About Your Personal Information
You may have the right to request that we disclose to you, for the relevant time period as required by applicable law, the following: (1) the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you, (2) the categories of sources from which Personal Information was collected about you, (3) the business or commercial purpose for which your Personal Information was collected, sold, or shared, and (4) the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your Personal Information. In addition, you may have the right to request that we disclose to you the specific pieces of Personal Information we have about you for the relevant time period required by applicable law. We are required to fulfill these requests no more than twice within a 12-month period.
ii. Requests To Delete Your Personal Information
You may have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions such as our need to comply with legal obligations, fulfill orders, and complete transactions.
iii. Requests To Opt-Out Of Sale Or Sharing Of Your Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of having your Personal Information sold to or shared with third parties. The use of certain cookies (such as certain cookies placed by third parties) on our sites may constitute a sale or sharing of personal information under CCPA. In addition to submitting your request or calling us, as described below in “How To Submit A Request,” (subsection vi.) you must access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies (or broadcast the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal) to fully exercise your California Privacy Rights opt-out rights. The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. Please note that even if you opt-out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information, we may still (a) disclose your Personal Information to service providers, contractors, and other entities for business or commercial purposes consistent with CCPA, and (b) disclose your Personal Information in connection with certain business transactions consistent with Section 3 ("How We Use The Information We Collect") above.
With respect to cookies and similar technologies, we disclose the categories of Personal Information listed below for online advertising purposes, and/or marketing-related purposes, and to provide third party social network features and functionality on our websites. During the 12-month period from the Last Updated date of this Privacy Policy, we may have sold or shared (as defined under CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information about you to online advertising services, social networks, and/or marketing partners: Identifiers, Commercial Information, Online Activity, and Inferences.
iv. Requests To Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions.
v. Use And Disclosure Of Sensitive Personal Information
We do not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information (as defined under CCPA) for purposes of inferring characteristics about a consumer.
vi. How To Submit A Request
If you are a California resident, and wish to submit a Request to Know (Section 5.B.i.), Request to Delete (Section 5.B.ii.), Request to Opt-out of Sale or Sharing (Section 5.B.iii.), or Request to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information (Section 5.B.iv.), please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and provide the identifying information requested. All Requests to Know, Delete, and Correct are subject to verification of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
vii. Verification Procedures
In order to verify requests made pursuant to the CCPA, we may require at least two (2) pieces of identifying information (e.g., email address, street address, etc.) that match information maintained by us. In some cases, we may require additional identifying information and a signed declaration attesting to your identity. If you do not respond to our emails or other communications, or fail to timely provide information we request, we may be unable to fulfill your request.
A Request to Opt-out of Sale or Sharing (Section 5.B.iii.) need not be verified. However, if we have a good-faith, reasonable basis to believe that an opt-out request is fraudulent, we may deny the request and provide an explanation of the reason for the denial.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the Right to Know (Section 5.B.i.), Right to Delete (Section 5.B.ii.), or Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information (Section 5.B.iv.) described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.
viii. Authorized Agent
If you would like an authorized agent to submit a privacy request on your behalf, please have the authorized agent visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide the requested identifying information of both you and your authorized agent. We may need to contact you as these requests may include additional validation steps depending on the nature of the request. If we receive a request from an authorized agent on your behalf, we may: (a) require authorization signed by you to verify that the agent is, in fact, authorized to act on your behalf; and (b) take steps to verify your identity. These steps are intended to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Notice of Financial Incentive
Based on your commercial activity and other factors, we may offer you various financial incentives such as discounts and special offers when you provide us with Personal Information (such as your name, email address, phone number, postal address, and date of birth) to sign-up for our loyalty program, MGM Rewards. When you sign-up for our loyalty program, you opt-in to receive financial incentives.
Under our MGM Rewards program, you can receive financial incentives (benefits) based on certain purchases and other activities related to gaming, dining, hotel, entertainment, and more. You can join (opt-in to) the MGM Rewards program and find program details, terms and conditions at
http://www.mgmrewards.com/
.
You may withdraw (opt-out) from receiving such financial incentives at any time by deactivating your loyalty program account. To deactivate your loyalty program account, visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide your identifying information as requested. The financial incentives offered in connection with MGM Rewards are reasonably related to the value of a consumer’s data including the commercial activities of such consumer. We calculate the value of a consumer’s data based on various factors, including the consumer’s commercial activities and the expenses related to the offer, provision, or imposition of the financial incentives (benefits) to such consumer.
6. COLORADO PRIVACY RIGHTS - APPLICABLE ONLY TO COLORADO RESIDENTS
If you are a Colorado resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information (
see Section 6.A. below
); (B) request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information (
see Section 6.B. below
); (C) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 6.C. below
); (D) obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 6.D. below
); and (E) opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 6.E. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. If you need this Policy in an alternative, accessible format due to a disability, please send an email with your name and contact information to
privacy@mgmresorts.com
.
We may collect, use and share personal data for certain processing purposes, including those described in the chart below. For more information on the categories of personal data we may collect and how we may use such personal data, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) and Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under Colorado Privacy Law), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law. We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. We may disclose your personal information for non-monetary compensation by allowing certain third parties (such as online advertising services and marketing partners) to collect personal information (i) via automated technologies on our websites and apps for online targeted advertising purposes and/or (ii) for marketing-related purposes. This kind of sharing may be considered a “sale” under Colorado Privacy Law when the personal information is exchanged for non-monetary compensation.
Category of Personal Data
Processing Purpose(s)
Used for Online Targeted Advertising?
Sold or Shared
Personal Information
Notify you of special promotions, offers, and events via e-mail, direct mail, social media, telephone, text message, push notifications, in-room notifications, and other means; Validate your identity; Operate MGM Rewards loyalty program; Provide the services and products you request including hotel accommodations, gaming activities, spa services, food and beverage services, retail, and entertainment; Assess and improve our products and services; Assess and improve MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Assess your use of MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Create and update customer profiles; Determine your eligibility for casino markers and offers; Internal market research and analytics; Generate statistical studies; Security and safety; Protect our rights or property; Respond to your inquiries; Perform background checks (for example, if you apply for employment with us); Process financial transactions; Manage professional development, performance, and conduct; Respond to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries, requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
Yes
Sold to
:
Digital advertising providers and third party business partners.
Shared With
:
Third party service providers; third party business partners; credit reporting agencies; data analytics providers; digital advertising providers; internet service providers; operating system and platform providers; government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests).
Employment Application Information
Perform background checks (for example, if you apply for employment with us); Manage professional development, performance, and conduct; Respond to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries, requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
No
Sold to
:
N/A.
Shared With
:
Third party service providers (e.g., employers of consultants); third party business partners; credit reporting agencies; data analytics providers; government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests).
Vehicle Information
Security and safety; Protect our rights or property; Respond to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries, requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
No
Sold to
:
N/A.
Shared With
:
Third party service providers; government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests).
Purchase and Transaction Information
Notify you of special promotions, offers, and events; Operate MGM Rewards loyalty program; Provide the services and products you request including hotel accommodations, gaming activities, spa services, food and beverage services, retail, and entertainment; Assess and improve our products and services; Assess and improve MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Assess your use of MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Create and update customer profiles; Determine your eligibility for casino markers and offers; Internal market research and analytics; Generate statistical studies; Security and safety; Protect our rights or property; Respond to your inquiries; Process financial transactions; Respond to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries, requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
Yes
Sold to
:
N/A.
Shared With
:
Third party service providers; third party business partners; credit reporting agencies; data analytics providers; government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests).
Sensitive Personal Information (as defined by applicable Colorado privacy law)
Operate MGM Rewards loyalty program; Provide the services and products you request including hotel accommodations, gaming activities, spa services, food and beverage services, retail, and entertainment; Internal market research and analytics; Generate statistical studies; Determine your eligibility for casino markers and offers; Respond to your inquiries; Perform background checks (for example, if you apply for employment with us); Process financial transactions; Manage professional development, performance, and conduct; Process biometric-related information including physiological or biological characteristics used to establish individual identity, such as fingerprints or facial recognition; Respond to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries, requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
No
Sold to
:
N/A.
Shared With
:
Third party service providers; third party business partners; credit reporting agencies); government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests).
Wi-Fi and Location Information
Provide the services and products you request including hotel accommodations, gaming activities, spa services, food and beverage services, retail, and entertainment; Assess and improve our products and services; Assess and improve MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Assess your use of MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Create and update customer profiles; Internal market research and analytics; Generate statistical studies; Security and safety; Protect our rights or property; Respond to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries, requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
Yes
Sold to
:
N/A.
Shared With
:
Third party service providers; government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests).
Device and Browser Information
Operate MGM Rewards loyalty program; Provide the services and products you request including hotel accommodations, gaming activities, spa services, food and beverage services, retail, and entertainment; Assess and improve our products and services; Assess and improve MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Assess your use of MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Create and update customer profiles; Internal market research and analytics; Generate statistical studies; Security and safety; Protect our rights or property; Respond to your inquiries; Respond to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries, requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
Yes
Sold to
:
Digital advertising providers and third party business partners.
Shared With
:
Third party service providers; third party business partners; digital advertising providers; internet service providers; operating system and platform providers; data analytics providers; government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests).
Social Media Information
Operate MGM Rewards loyalty program; Provide the services and products you request including hotel accommodations, gaming activities, spa services, food and beverage services, retail, and entertainment; Assess and improve our products and services; Assess and improve MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Assess your use of MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Create and update customer profiles; Internal market research and analytics; Generate statistical studies; Security and safety; Protect our rights or property; Respond to your inquiries; Respond to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries, requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
Yes
Sold to
:
Digital advertising providers and third party business partners.
Shared With
:
Third party service providers; third party business partners; digital advertising providers; internet service providers; operating system and platform providers; data analytics providers; government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests).
Video Surveillance Information
Security and safety; Protect our rights or property; Respond to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
No
Sold to
:
N/A.
Shared With
:
Third party service providers; government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests).
Audio, electronic, or similar information
Notify you of special promotions, offers, and events; Operate MGM Rewards loyalty program; Provide the services and products you request including hotel accommodations, gaming activities, spa services, food and beverage services, retail, and entertainment; Assess and improve our products and services; Assess and improve MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Assess your use of MGM Resorts and MGM Online Services; Create and update customer profiles; Determine your eligibility for casino markers and offers; Internal market research and analytics; Generate statistical studies; Security and safety; Protect our rights or property; Respond to your inquiries; Perform background checks (for example, if you apply for employment with us); Process financial transactions; Manage professional development, performance, and conduct; Respond to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
No
Sold to
:
N/A.
Shared With
:
Third party service providers; third party business partners; credit reporting agencies; data analytics providers; government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests).
BetMGM and Other Gaming Information
Notify you of special promotions, offers, and events; Operate MGM Rewards loyalty program; Provide the services and products you request; Process financial transactions; Create and update customer profiles; Internal market research and analytics; Generate statistical studies; Respond to your inquiries; Respond to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
Yes
Sold to
:
N/A
Shared With
:
Third party service providers; third party business partners; data analytics providers; government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities and third parties (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests).
In addition to the categories of third parties identified above, we may have disclosed personal information about you to government, law enforcement, or regulatory entities (e.g., in response to subpoenas or gaming regulator requests) and third parties in connection with litigation, investigations, inquiries, requests, audits, or corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and to Access Such Personal Information
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Colorado resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Colorado resident and wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicate that you wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All correction requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information you provided to us or that we obtained about you, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Colorado resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All deletion requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that we have processed, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Colorado resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information
E. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes (Sale and Online Targeted Advertising)
Under Colorado Privacy Law, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of certain cookies placed on our sites by us or third parties). If you are a Colorado resident, and: (1) wish to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information not involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849; or (2) wish to opt-out of online targeted advertising or the sale of your Personal Information involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then you must access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies (or broadcast the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal). The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. Please note that even if you opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, we may still (i) disclose your Personal Information to service providers, contractors, and other entities for business or commercial purposes consistent with Colorado Privacy Law, and (ii) disclose your Personal Information in connection with certain business transactions consistent with Section 3 (“How We Use The Information We Collect”) above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as defined by Colorado Privacy Law.
F. Authentication Procedures
In order to verify requests made pursuant to Colorado Privacy Law, we may require at least two (2) pieces of identifying information (e.g., email address, street address, etc.) that match information maintained by us. In some cases, we may require additional identifying information and a signed declaration attesting to your identity. If you do not respond to our emails or other communications, or fail to timely provide information we request, we may be unable to fulfill your request.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise a right described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.
G. Authorized Agent
If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, then please have the authorized agent visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide the requested identifying information of both you and your authorized agent. If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of online targeted advertising involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please have the authorized agent contact us at
privacy@mgmresorts.com
for instructions. We may need to contact you as these requests may include additional validation steps depending on the nature of the request. If we receive a request from an authorized agent on your behalf, then we may: (1) require authorization signed by you to verify that the agent is, in fact, authorized to act on your behalf; and (2) take steps to verify your identity. These steps are intended to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
H. Right to Appeal MGM’s Decisions Regarding Your Requests
If you are a Colorado resident, then you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by visiting
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
.
I. Bona Fide Loyalty Program
Based on your commercial activity and other factors, we may offer you various financial incentives such as discounts and special offers when you provide us with Personal Information (such as your name, email address, phone number, postal address, and date of birth) to sign-up for our loyalty program, MGM Rewards. When you sign-up for our loyalty program, you opt-in to receive financial incentives.
Under our MGM Rewards program, you can receive financial incentives (benefits) based on certain purchases and other activities related to gaming, dining, hotel, entertainment, and more. You can join (opt-in to) the MGM Rewards program and find program details, terms and conditions at
http://www.mgmrewards.com/
.
You may withdraw (opt-out) from receiving such financial incentives at any time by deactivating your loyalty program account. To deactivate your loyalty program account, visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide your identifying information as requested.
If you exercise your right to request deletion of your Personal Information, it will be impossible for us to continue providing loyalty program benefits to you because we will no longer have the information required to provide you with certain benefits. Sensitive Personal Information (as defined by Colorado Privacy Law), such as your citizenship information, may be provided to us if you provide your passport for identity verification purposes during the sign-up process. Although you are required to provide government-issued identification to receive loyalty program benefits due to legal obligations (including gaming regulations), you are not required to provide a passport containing such information.
The categories of Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information collected through our loyalty program that may be sold or processed for online targeted advertising through the use of cookies and similar technologies include identifiers (such as your name, email address, phone number, postal address, and date of birth) and commercial information (such as your purchases and other activities related to gaming, dining, hotel, and entertainment).
The categories of Third Parties that may receive the Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information collected through our loyalty program include, third party service providers; third party business partners; credit reporting agencies; data analytics providers; digital advertising providers; internet service providers; operating system and platform providers. The Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information collected through our loyalty program will not be provided to Data Brokers, as defined by Colorado Privacy Law.
The following is a list of our loyalty program partners and the loyalty program benefits provided by each loyalty program partner. For complete terms and conditions regarding potential benefits, please visit
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/mgm-rewards/preferred-partners.html
.
Loyalty Program Partner
Benefit Provided
Anita Mann Productions, Inc.
MGM Rewards members may be eligible for discounts on tickets for select shows produced by Anita Mann Productions, Inc.
Avis
MGM Rewards members may be eligible for discounts on certain Avis rental rates.
BetMGM
MGM Rewards members may earn benefits in the MGM Rewards program based on qualifying BetMGM activities.
Carrot Top, Inc.
MGM Rewards members may be eligible for discounts on tickets for select shows produced by Carrot Top, Inc.
Celebrity Cruises
Qualifying Platinum and NOIR MGM Rewards members may be eligible to  receive a complimentary cruise. MGM Rewards members may be eligible for onboard benefits and offers.
Cirque du Soleil Nevada Newco, Inc.
MGM Rewards members may be eligible for discounts on tickets for select Cirque du Soleil performances.
David Copperfield's Disappearing, Inc.
MGM Rewards members may be eligible for discounts on tickets for select shows produced by David Copperfield's Disappearing, Inc.
EM Group
MGM Rewards members may be eligible for discounts on tickets for select exhibitions produced by EM Group.
First National Bank of Omaha
Qualified applicants for the MGM Rewards Mastercard, issued by First National Bank of Omaha, may be eligible to earn MGM Mastercard Points and Tier Credits when using their MGM Rewards Mastercard.
Imagine Exhibitions, Inc.
MGM Rewards members may be eligible for discounts on tickets for select exhibitions produced by Imagine Exhibitions, Inc.
JBWKS LV Theater, LLC
MGM Rewards members may be eligible for discounts on tickets for select shows produced by JBWKS LV Theater, LLC.
Marriott Bonvoy
MGM Rewards members may be eligible for certain benefits/offers.
Mojave Ghost, LLC
MGM Rewards members may be eligible for discounts on tickets for select shows produced by Mojave Ghost, LLC.
Royal Caribbean International
Qualifying Platinum and NOIR MGM Rewards members may be eligible to  receive a complimentary cruise. MGM Rewards members may be eligible for onboard benefits and offers.
Southwest Airlines
MGM Rewards members who are also Southwest Rapid Rewards® Members may earn Southwest benefits based on eligible hotel stays.
SPI Entertainment, Inc.
MGM Rewards members may be eligible for discounts on tickets for select shows produced by SPI Entertainment, Inc.
Thunder Valley Casino Resort
MGM Rewards members may
be eligible to receive certain benefits and offers through Thunder Valley Casino Resort.
7. CONNECTICUT PRIVACY RIGHTS - APPLICABLE ONLY TO CONNECTICUT RESIDENTS
If you are a Connecticut resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information (
see Section 7.A. below
); (B) request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information (
see Section 7.B. below
); (C) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 7.C. below
); (D) obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 7.D. below
); and (E) opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 7.E. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. For more information on the categories of Personal Information we may collect and how we may use such Personal Information, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) and Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under Connecticut Privacy Law), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and to Access Such Personal Information
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Connecticut resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Connecticut resident and wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All correction requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information you provided to us or that we obtained about you, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Connecticut resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All deletion requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that we have processed, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Connecticut resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
E. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes (Sale and Online Targeted Advertising)
Under Connecticut Privacy Law, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of certain cookies placed on our sites by us or third parties). If you are a Connecticut resident, and: (1) wish to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information not involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
;
or (2) wish to opt-out of online targeted advertising or the sale of your Personal Information involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then you must access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies (or broadcast the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal). The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. Please note that even if you opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, we may still (i) disclose your Personal Information to service providers, contractors, and other entities for business or commercial purposes consistent with Connecticut Privacy Law, and (ii) disclose your Personal Information in connection with certain business transactions consistent with Section 3 (“How We Use The Information We Collect”) above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as defined by Connecticut Privacy Law.
F. Authorized Agent
If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, then please have the authorized agent visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide the requested identifying information of both you and your authorized agent. If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of online targeted advertising involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please have the authorized agent contact us at
privacy@mgmresorts.com
for instructions. We may need to contact you as these requests may include additional validation steps depending on the nature of the request. If we receive a request from an authorized agent on your behalf, then we may: (1) require authorization signed by you to verify that the agent is, in fact, authorized to act on your behalf; and (2) take steps to verify your identity. These steps are intended to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
G. Right to Appeal MGM’s Decisions Regarding Your Requests
If you are a Connecticut resident, then you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by visiting
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
8. DELAWARE PRIVACY RIGHTS - APPLICABLE ONLY TO DELAWARE RESIDENTS
If you are a Delaware resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information (
see Section 8.A. below
); (B) request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information (
see Section 8.B. below
); (C) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 8.C. below
); (D) obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 8.D. below
); (E) request a list of categories of third parties (
see Section 8.E. below
); and (F) opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 8.F. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. For more information on the categories of Personal Information we may collect and how we may use such Personal Information, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) and Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under Delaware Privacy Law), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and to Access Such Personal Information
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Delaware resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Delaware resident and wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All correction requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information you provided to us or that we obtained about you, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Delaware resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All deletion requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that we have processed, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Delaware resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
E. Requests for List of Categories of Third Parties
You have the right to request a list of the categories of third parties to which we have disclosed your Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Delaware resident and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
F. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes (Sale and Online Targeted Advertising)
Under Delaware Privacy Law, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of certain cookies placed on our sites by us or third parties). If you are a Delaware resident, and: (1) wish to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information not involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
;
or (2) wish to opt-out of online targeted advertising or the sale of your Personal Information involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then you must access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies (or broadcast the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal). The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. Please note that even if you opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, we may still (i) disclose your Personal Information to service providers, contractors, and other entities for business or commercial purposes consistent with Delaware Privacy Law, and (ii) disclose your Personal Information in connection with certain business transactions consistent with Section 3 (“How We Use The Information We Collect”) above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as defined by Delaware Privacy Law.
G. Authorized Agent
If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, then please have the authorized agent visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide the requested identifying information of both you and your authorized agent. If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of online targeted advertising involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please have the authorized agent contact us at
privacy@mgmresorts.com
for instructions. We may need to contact you as these requests may include additional validation steps depending on the nature of the request. If we receive a request from an authorized agent on your behalf, then we may: (1) require authorization signed by you to verify that the agent is, in fact, authorized to act on your behalf; and (2) take steps to verify your identity. These steps are intended to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
H. Right to Appeal MGM’s Decisions Regarding Your Requests
If you are a Delaware resident, then you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by visiting
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
9. IOWA PRIVACY RIGHTS - APPLICABLE ONLY TO IOWA RESIDENTS
If you are an Iowa resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information (
see Section 9.A. below
); (B) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 9.B. below
); (C) obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 9.C. below
); and (D) opt-out of processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 9.D. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. For more information on the categories of Personal Information we may collect and how we may use such Personal Information, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) and Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and to Access Such Personal Information
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are an Iowa resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information you provided to us, subject to certain exceptions. If you are an Iowa resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that you provided to us, subject to certain exceptions. If you are an Iowa resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes
You have the right to opt-out of the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of cookies and similar technologies). If you are an Iowa resident and wish to opt-out of such processing of your Personal Information, then please access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies to exercise your Iowa Privacy Rights opt-out right. The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. We do not “sell” Personal Information, as defined by Iowa Privacy Law.
10. MONTANA PRIVACY RIGHTS - APPLICABLE ONLY TO MONTANA RESIDENTS
If you are a Montana resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information (
see Section 10.A. below
); (B) request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information (
see Section 10.B. below
); (C) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 10.C. below
); (D) obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 10.D. below
); and (E) opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 10.E. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. For more information on the categories of Personal Information we may collect and how we may use such Personal Information, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) and Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under Montana Privacy Law), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and to Access Such Personal Information
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Montana resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Montana resident and wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All correction requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information you provided to us, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Montana resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All deletion requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that you provided to us, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Montana resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
E. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes (Sale and Online Targeted Advertising)
Under Montana Privacy Law, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of certain cookies placed on our sites by us or third parties). If you are a Montana resident, and: (1) wish to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information not involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
; or (2) wish to opt-out of online targeted advertising or the sale of your Personal Information involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then you must access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies (or broadcast the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal). The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. Please note that even if you opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, we may still (i) disclose your Personal Information to service providers, contractors, and other entities for business or commercial purposes consistent with Montana Privacy Law, and (ii) disclose your Personal Information in connection with certain business transactions consistent with Section 3 (“How We Use The Information We Collect”) above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as defined by Montana Privacy Law.
F. Authorized Agent
If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, then please have the authorized agent visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide the requested identifying information of both you and your authorized agent. If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of online targeted advertising involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please have the authorized agent contact us at
privacy@mgmresorts.com
for instructions. We may need to contact you as these requests may include additional validation steps depending on the nature of the request. If we receive a request from an authorized agent on your behalf, then we may: (1) require authorization signed by you to verify that the agent is, in fact, authorized to act on your behalf; and (2) take steps to verify your identity. These steps are intended to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
G. Right to Appeal MGM’s Decisions Regarding Your Requests
If you are a Montana resident, then you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by visiting
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
11. NEBRASKA PRIVACY RIGHTS - APPLICABLE ONLY TO NEBRASKA RESIDENTS
If you are a Nebraska resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information (
see Section 11.A. below
); (B) request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information (
see Section 11.B. below
); (C) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 11.C. below
); (D) obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 11.D. below
); and (E) opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 11.E. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. For more information on the categories of Personal Information we may collect and how we may use such Personal Information, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) and Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under Nebraska Privacy Law), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and to Access Such Personal Information
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Nebraska resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Nebraska resident and wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicate that you wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information you provided to us or that we obtained about you, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Nebraska resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that we have processed, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Nebraska resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
E. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes (Sale and Online Targeted Advertising)
Under Nebraska Privacy Law, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of certain cookies placed on our sites by us or third parties). If you are a Nebraska resident, and: (1) wish to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information not involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849; or (2) wish to opt-out of online targeted advertising or the sale of your Personal Information involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then you must access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies (or broadcast the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal). The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. Please note that even if you opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, we may still (i) disclose your Personal Information to service providers, contractors, and other entities for business or commercial purposes consistent with Nebraska Privacy Law, and (ii) disclose your Personal Information in connection with certain business transactions consistent with Section 3 (“How We Use The Information We Collect”) above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as defined by Nebraska Privacy Law.
F. Authorized Agent
If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, then please have the authorized agent visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide the requested identifying information of both you and your authorized agent. If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of online targeted advertising involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please have the authorized agent contact us at
privacy@mgmresorts.com
for instructions. We may need to contact you as these requests may include additional validation steps depending on the nature of the request. If we receive a request from an authorized agent on your behalf, then we may: (1) require authorization signed by you to verify that the agent is, in fact, authorized to act on your behalf; and (2) take steps to verify your identity. These steps are intended to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
G. Right to Appeal MGM’s Decisions Regarding Your Requests
If you are a Nebraska resident, then you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by visiting
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or calling 1-844-464-5849 and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
12. NEW HAMPSHIRE PRIVACY RIGHTS - APPLICABLE ONLY TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS
If you are a New Hampshire resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information (
see Section 12.A. below
); (B) request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information (
see Section 12.B. below
); (C) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 12.C. below
); (D) obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 12.D. below
); and (E) opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 12.E. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. For more information on the categories of Personal Information we may collect and how we may use such Personal Information, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) and Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under New Hampshire Privacy Law), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and to Access Such Personal Information
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a New Hampshire resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a New Hampshire resident and wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All correction requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information you provided to us or that we obtained about you, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a New Hampshire resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All deletion requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that we have processed, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a New Hampshire resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
E. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes (Sale and Online Targeted Advertising)
Under New Hampshire Privacy Law, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of certain cookies placed on our sites by us or third parties). If you are a New Hampshire resident, and: (1) wish to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information not involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
; or (2) wish to opt-out of online targeted advertising or the sale of your Personal Information involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then you must access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies (or broadcast the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal). The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. Please note that even if you opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, we may still (i) disclose your Personal Information to service providers, contractors, and other entities for business or commercial purposes consistent with New Hampshire Privacy Law, and (ii) disclose your Personal Information in connection with certain business transactions consistent with Section 3 (“How We Use The Information We Collect”) above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as defined by New Hampshire Privacy Law.
F. Authorized Agent
If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, then please have the authorized agent visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide the requested identifying information of both you and your authorized agent. If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of online targeted advertising involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please have the authorized agent contact us at
privacy@mgmresorts.com
for instructions. We may need to contact you as these requests may include additional validation steps depending on the nature of the request. If we receive a request from an authorized agent on your behalf, then we may: (1) require authorization signed by you to verify that the agent is, in fact, authorized to act on your behalf; and (2) take steps to verify your identity. These steps are intended to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
G. Right to Appeal MGM’s Decisions Regarding Your Requests
If you are a New Hampshire resident, then you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by visiting
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
13. NEW JERSEY PRIVACY RIGHTS - APPLICABLE ONLY TO NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS
If you are a New Jersey resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information (
see Section 13.A. below
); (B) request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information (
see Section 13.B. below
); (C) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 13.C. below
); (D) obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 13.D. below
); and (E) opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 13.E. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. For more information on the categories of Personal Information we may collect and how we may use such Personal Information, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) and Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under New Jersey Privacy Law), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and to Access Such Personal Information
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a New Jersey resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a New Jersey resident and wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All correction requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a New Jersey resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All deletion requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that we have processed, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a New Jersey resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
E. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes (Sale and Online Targeted Advertising)
Under New Jersey Privacy Law, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of certain cookies placed on our sites by us or third parties). If you are a New Jersey resident, and: (1) wish to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information not involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
; or (2) wish to opt-out of online targeted advertising or the sale of your Personal Information involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then you must access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies (or broadcast the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal). The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. Please note that even if you opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, we may still (i) disclose your Personal Information to service providers, contractors, and other entities for business or commercial purposes consistent with New Jersey Privacy Law, and (ii) disclose your Personal Information in connection with certain business transactions consistent with Section 3 (“How We Use The Information We Collect”) above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as defined by New Jersey Privacy Law.
F. Authorized Agent
If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, then please have the authorized agent visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide the requested identifying information of both you and your authorized agent. If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of online targeted advertising involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please have the authorized agent contact us at
privacy@mgmresorts.com
for instructions. We may need to contact you as these requests may include additional validation steps depending on the nature of the request. If we receive a request from an authorized agent on your behalf, then we may: (1) require authorization signed by you to verify that the agent is, in fact, authorized to act on your behalf; and (2) take steps to verify your identity. These steps are intended to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
G. Right to Appeal MGM’s Decisions Regarding Your Requests
If you are a New Jersey resident, then you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by visiting
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
14. OREGON PRIVACY RIGHTS - APPLICABLE ONLY TO OREGON RESIDENTS
If you are an Oregon resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and the categories of Personal Information we are processing (
see Section 14.A. below
); (B) request a list of third parties (as defined under Oregon Privacy Law) to which we have disclosed any Personal Information (
see Section 14.B. below
); (C) obtain a copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 14.C. below
); (D) request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information (
see Section 14.D. below
); and (E) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 14.E. below
); and (F) opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 14.F. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. For more information on the categories of Personal Information we may collect, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) above. For more information on how we use Personal Information and the types of third parties with whom we may share Personal Information, please see Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under Oregon Privacy Law), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and the Categories of Personal Information Processed
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and the categories of Personal Information we are processing, subject to certain exceptions. If you are an Oregon resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests for List of Third Parties
You have the right to request a list of third parties (as defined under Oregon Privacy Law) to which we have disclosed any Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are an Oregon resident and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that we have processed, subject to certain exceptions. If you are an Oregon resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All such requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are an Oregon resident and wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All correction requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
E. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information you provided to us or that we obtained about you, subject to certain exceptions. If you are an Oregon resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All deletion requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
F. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes (Sale and Online Targeted Advertising)
Under Oregon Privacy Law, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of certain cookies placed on our sites by us or third parties). If you are an Oregon resident, and: (1) wish to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information not involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or (2) wish to opt-out of online targeted advertising or the sale of your Personal Information involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then you must access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies (or broadcast the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal). The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. Please note that even if you opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, we may still (i) disclose your Personal Information to service providers, contractors, and other entities for business or commercial purposes consistent with Oregon Privacy Law, and (ii) disclose your Personal Information in connection with certain business transactions consistent with Section 3 (“How We Use The Information We Collect”) above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as defined by Oregon Privacy Law.
G. Authorized Agent
If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, then please have the authorized agent visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide the requested identifying information of both you and your authorized agent. If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of online targeted advertising involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please have the authorized agent contact us at
privacy@mgmresorts.com
for instructions. We may need to contact you as these requests may include additional validation steps depending on the nature of the request. If we receive a request from an authorized agent on your behalf, then we may: (1) require authorization signed by you to verify that the agent is, in fact, authorized to act on your behalf; and (2) take steps to verify your identity. These steps are intended to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
H. Right to Appeal MGM’s Decisions Regarding Your Requests
If you are an Oregon resident, then you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by visiting
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
15. TEXAS PRIVACY RIGHTS - APPLICABLE ONLY TO TEXAS RESIDENTS
If you are a Texas resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information (
see Section 15.A. below
); (B) request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information (
see Section 15.B. below
); (C) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 15.C. below
); (D) obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 15.D. below
); and (E) opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 15.E. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. For more information on the categories of Personal Information we may collect and how we may use such Personal Information, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) and Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under Texas Privacy Law), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and to Access Such Personal Information
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Texas resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Texas resident and wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicate that you wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information you provided to us or that we obtained about you, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Texas resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that we have processed, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Texas resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
E. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes (Sale and Online Targeted Advertising)
Under Texas Privacy Law, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information and the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of certain cookies placed on our sites by us or third parties). If you are a Texas resident, and: (1) wish to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information not involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849; or (2) wish to opt-out of online targeted advertising or the sale of your Personal Information involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then you must access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies (or broadcast the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal). The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. Please note that even if you opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, we may still (i) disclose your Personal Information to service providers, contractors, and other entities for business or commercial purposes consistent with Texas Privacy Law, and (ii) disclose your Personal Information in connection with certain business transactions consistent with Section 3 (“How We Use The Information We Collect”) above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as defined by Texas Privacy Law.
F. Authorized Agent
If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, then please have the authorized agent visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and provide the requested identifying information of both you and your authorized agent. If you would like an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to opt-out of online targeted advertising involving the use of cookies and similar technologies, then please have the authorized agent contact us at
privacy@mgmresorts.com
for instructions. We may need to contact you as these requests may include additional validation steps depending on the nature of the request. If we receive a request from an authorized agent on your behalf, then we may: (1) require authorization signed by you to verify that the agent is, in fact, authorized to act on your behalf; and (2) take steps to verify your identity. These steps are intended to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
G. Right to Appeal MGM’s Decisions Regarding Your Requests
If you are a Texas resident, then you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by visiting
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
or call 1-844-464-5849 and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
16. UTAH PRIVACY RIGHTS – APPLICABLE ONLY TO UTAH RESIDENTS
If you are a Utah resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information (
see Section 16.A. below
); (B) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 16.B. below
); (C) obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 16.C. below
); and (D) opt-out of processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 16.D. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. For more information on the categories of Personal Information we may collect and how we may use such Personal Information, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) and Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under Utah Privacy Law), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and to Access Such Personal Information
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Utah resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information you provided to us, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Utah resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that you provided to us, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Utah resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes
You have the right to opt-out of the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of cookies and similar technologies). If you are a Utah resident and wish to opt-out of such processing of your Personal Information, then please access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies to exercise your Utah Privacy Rights opt-out right. The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools. We do not “sell” Personal Information, as defined by Utah Privacy Law.
17. VIRGINIA PRIVACY RIGHTS – APPLICABLE ONLY TO VIRGINIA RESIDENTS
If you are a Virginia resident, you have the right to (A) confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information (
see Section 17.A. below
); (B) request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information (
see Section 17.B. below
); (C) request that we delete your Personal Information (
see Section 17.C. below
); (D) obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information (
see Section 17.D. below
); and (E) opt-out of processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (
see Section 17.E. below
). These rights, which are discussed more fully below, are subject to certain exceptions, which are intended, among other things, to protect the integrity and privacy of your Personal Information. For more information on the categories of Personal Information we may collect and how we may use such Personal Information, please see Section 1 (“Information We Collect”) and Section 3 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”) above. To the extent we process deidentified information (as defined under Virginia Privacy Law), we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
A. Requests to Confirm Processing of Your Personal Information and to Access Such Personal Information
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Virginia resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
B. Requests to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct your inaccurate Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Virginia resident and wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request correction of your inaccurate Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All correction requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
C. Requests to Delete Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information you provided to us or that we obtained about you, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Virginia resident, and wish to request deletion of your Personal Information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request deletion of your Personal Information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
D. Requests to Obtain a Portable Copy of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a portable copy of your Personal Information that you provided to us, subject to certain exceptions. If you are a Virginia resident, and wish to request this information, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicate that you wish to request this information and provide the identifying information requested. All requests are subject to authentication of your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
E. Requests to Opt-Out of Processing for Specified Purposes
You have the right to opt-out of the processing of your Personal Information for purposes of online targeted advertising (which involves the use of cookies and similar technologies). If you are a Virginia resident and wish to opt-out of such processing of your Personal Information, then please access the MGM Resorts International Cookie Settings page at
https://www.mgmresorts.com/en/cookie-settings.html
and, for the T-Mobile Arena, a joint venture to which MGM Resorts International is a party, the T-Mobile Arena Cookie Settings page at
https://www.t-mobilearena.com/arena-information/cookie-settings-1
on your device and turn off Targeting Cookies to exercise your Virginia Privacy Rights opt-out right. The cookie preference tools are device and browser specific. If you delete or clear cookies or change devices or browsers, then you will need to reset your cookie preferences using the above tools.
We do not “sell” Personal Information or engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined by Virginia Privacy Law.
F. Right to Appeal MGM’s Decisions Regarding Your Requests
If you are a Virginia resident, then you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by visiting
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
18. PRIVACY-RELATED REQUESTS - OTHER JURISDICTIONS
If you reside in a jurisdiction outside of those listed above, you may submit certain privacy-related requests to us. If you wish to submit such a request, then please visit
www.mgmresorts.com/dsar
and follow the presented instructions to submit your request. We reserve the right to authenticate your identity to protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
19. SECURITY
Information maintained in electronic form that is collected by MGM Resorts International and any individual MGM Resort is stored on systems protected by industry standard security measures. These security measures are intended to protect these systems from unauthorized access. No security system is impenetrable and these systems could become accessible in the event of a security breach. We have controls in place that are designed to detect potential data breaches, contain and minimize the loss of data, and conduct forensic investigations of a breach.
Our staff is required to take reasonable measures to ensure that unauthorized persons cannot view or access your Personal Information. Employees who violate our internal privacy policies are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
We cannot enforce or control the security of the computers, electronic devices, or electronic communication method(s) you may use to send e-mails and submit information to us. You are responsible for the security of the computers, electronic devices, and electronic communication methods you use to communicate with us. We are not responsible for the disclosure or interception of information you send us before we receive it.
As a standard security practice, we take reasonable steps which are generally recognized in the industry to ensure that the communication methods used to support MGM Online Services do not permit connections or communication by methods that have known security weaknesses or vulnerabilities. As such, if you experience trouble using an MGM website, it may be an indication that you need to upgrade your software to a newer version that supports more secure communication methods.
In situations where your Personal Information is collected by third parties under contract with us for performance of their contractual duties and other purposes, we require such third parties to exercise reasonable care to protect that information and restrict the use of your Personal Information to the purposes for which it was provided.
20. OTHER WEBSITES
We are not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices of other websites, including websites operated by our business partners or other third parties, including websites that might be co-branded with our name. Please review and understand the privacy policies posted on any linked sites you visit before using those sites or providing any Personal Information through such sites.
21. PERSONS UNDER AGES 13 AND 21
Certain of our areas and activities are intended for persons 21 or older. If you are under 21, you may not access or attempt to access any areas or participate in any activities that are restricted to persons 21 or older. We do not knowingly collect or allow the collection of Personal Information from persons under 13. We do not sell or share the Personal Information of minors under 16 either with or without affirmative authorization.
If you are the parent or guardian of a person under 13 and believe that the person has provided us with Personal Information, you may contact us at
privacy@mgmresorts.com
and request that it be removed from our active marketing database.
22. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to revise this Policy at any time without notice. When this Policy is revised in a material way, notice will be posted on MGM websites that we control along with the revised Policy.
23. PRIVACY OFFICER
We have appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee privacy matters. Our Privacy Officer can be reached by email at
privacyofficer@mgmresorts.com
or by postal mail at:
Privacy Officer
MGM Resorts International
6770 S. Edmond St.
Las Vegas, NV 89118
We use necessary cookies to make our site work.  Read our Privacy Policy to learn more about our privacy practices including that we use different types of cookies in different jurisdictions.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary to make our website work and to provide you with its core features. These cookies cannot be switched off in our systems.  They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms.
Functional Cookies
These cookies help us customize our website content based on certain preferences of a user, but are not necessary for the user to navigate the website. For example, they remember the user's choices and any changes the user makes to text size or other parts of our website pages.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies, set by MGM and our advertising partners, help build a profile of user interests to show relevant advertisements on MGM and third-party sites. MGM uses targeting cookies on its websites to track user behavior, deliver personalized advertisements, and measure marketing effectiveness. These cookies may collect information about whether you have interacted with an advertisement. Disabling these cookies may result in less personalized advertising but not necessarily fewer advertisements overall.
Performance Cookies
These cookies help us collect and record data on how users interact with our websites to help measure and improve the performance of our site, including identifying and resolving technical issues, supporting analytics, and enhancing aspects like navigation. For example, this allows us to know which pages are the most and least popular, see how visitors move around the site, analyze web traffic patterns and run tests to optimize web pages and visits against key metrics.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.marriott.com/about/privacy.mi:
Skip to Content
Privacy Center
Print Page
Last Updated:
December 12, 2024
Marriott Group Global Privacy Statement
The
Marriott Group
values you as our guest and recognizes that privacy is important to you. We want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose your Personal and Other Data (collectively, “
Data
”).
Data Covered by this Privacy Statement
The Data We Collect
The Online and Mobile Data We Collect
How and Where We Collect Your Data
Why We Collect Your Data
How and When We Share Your Data
Your Data, Your Choices: Your Privacy Preferences & Rights
Other Important Provisions
Contact Us
Related Links
U.S. Consumer Privacy Statement
Read the Marriott Group U.S. Consumer Privacy Statement
.
Washington and Nevada Consumer Health Data Privacy Statement
Read the Marriott Group Washington and Nevada Consumer Health Data Privacy Statement
.
Privacy Preferences
At Marriott, we respect your privacy and want to provide you with the options, information, and choices below to express your preferences: what and how much you share with us and when and how you hear from us.
We want to learn what is relevant to you and ensure you have a personalized experience. As described in more detail in our Global Privacy Statement, we use digital tools like cookies and tags on our webpages. Cookies help us provide, protect, and improve our services. To adjust your preferences, please visit our
Tracking Preferences
page.
We want to engage with you in a way that is valuable to you, including how often you want to hear from us. To set your preferences, please sign in to your loyalty account profile and select
Communication Preferences
. To unsubscribe from marketing emails, you can use the link at the bottom of those communications.
NOTE:
Even if you choose to opt out of marketing communications, we will continue to send you transactional messages, such as information about your reservations or stays, including confirmation and pre-arrival emails, and account security updates.
⦁
Individual Rights
If you are afforded Individual Rights under applicable law, you can exercise these rights by completing the required form in our Individual Rights Portal
here
↗, or by contacting our DPO at
MarriottDPO@marriott.com
.
These rights will allow you or your authorized agent to request access, correction, deletion, restriction, portability, or objection to the processing of your Personal Data. You may also appeal our decision regarding your Individual Rights request (to the extent these rights are provided to you by law).
⦁
Do Not Sell, Do Not Share, and/or Opt-out of Targeted Advertising
If these rights are available to you under applicable U.S. State law, you can exercise your rights to opt-out of the sale and/or sharing of your Personal Data, or opt-out of the use of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by visiting Marriott’s
“Your Privacy Choices” page
.
⦁
Additional Information
For your protection, we only fulfill requests for the Personal Data associated with the email address and/or loyalty account number that you identify in your request, and we may need to verify your identity before fulfilling certain requests. When permitted by law, we may charge an appropriate fee to cover the costs of responding to your request.
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with applicable law. Please note that all Individual Rights may not be available under applicable law to all our guests or other users of our Services.
⦁
Contact Us
If you have any questions about Your Privacy Choices or Individual Rights, please contact us at
privacy@marriott.com
, or by mail at:
Marriott International, Inc.
Global Compliance, Privacy
7750 Wisconsin Avenue
Bethesda, MD 20814
United States of America
If you live in the European Union or European Economic Area, the data controller is Luxury Reservations Limited, with an address of:
Luxury Reservations Limited
10 Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin D02 T380
Ireland
If you live in the United Kingdom, the data controller is:
Marriott Hotels Limited
3 More London Riverside, 4
th
Floor
London SE1 2AQ
England
⦁
English
⦁
العربية
⦁
Français canadien
⦁
Nederlands
⦁
Français
⦁
ქართული
⦁
Deutsch
⦁
Indonesia
⦁
Italiano
⦁
日本語
⦁
한국어
⦁
Malaysia
⦁
polski
⦁
Português
⦁
Русский
⦁
中文
⦁
Español
⦁
ภาษาไทย
⦁
Türkçe
⦁
English (Nigeria
)
DATA COVERED BY THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Privacy Statement describes the privacy practices of the Marriott Group for Data that we collect:
through websites operated by us from which you can access this Privacy Statement, including Marriott.com and other websites owned or controlled by the Marriott Group (collectively, our
Websites
);
through the software applications (including automated tools and chat functionalities) made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices (collectively, our
Apps
);
through our social media pages that we control from which you can access this Privacy Statement (collectively, our
Social Media Pages
);
through email messages that we send you that link to this Privacy Statement and through your communications with us online or in person;
from third parties such as
Authorized Licensees, Advertising Partners, Owners, and Franchisees
, and from Other Sources, such as public databases, marketing partners, and other third parties; and
when you visit or stay as a guest at one of our properties, or at homes and villas offered on the Homes and Villas by Marriott International platform (
Homes and Villas
), or through other offline interactions (collectively,
Property Visits and Offline Interactions
).
Collectively, we refer to our
Websites
, our
Apps
, and our
Social Media Pages
, as the
“Online Services”
and, together with the
Property Visits and Offline Interactions
, the
“Services”
.
Back to top
THE DATA WE COLLECT
At touchpoints throughout your guest journey, we collect
Personal Data
in accordance with the law, and to provide you with exemplary services. Personal Data is information that may identify you as an individual or relate to you as an identifiable individual. We collect and process the following types of Personal Data about you:
General Identifying Information
Including full name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, social media account ID, profile photo and other data made publicly available, or data made available by linking your social media and loyalty accounts, or other similar identifiers.
Demographic Information and Important Dates
Including gender, language preferences, nationality, birthdays, anniversaries, or special occasions.
Government-Issued Identification
Including passport, visa, or other government-issued identification (and the Personal Data contained therein).
Financial Information
Including credit, debit, or other payment data.
Loyalty Program Information
Including membership or loyalty program data, co-branded payment cards information, and travel partner program affiliations.
Travel Information
Including prior guest stays or interactions (including interactions via our chat functionalities), goods and services purchased, special service and amenity requests, travel itinerary, tour group information, activity data, or employer details (for business-related bookings).
Claims Information
Including insurance information, emergency contacts, complaints, or employment details (for worker’s compensation claims).
In more limited circumstances, we may also collect:
Data about family members and companions (including names, and ages of children);
Biometric data; and
Images, videos, and audio data via: (a) recordings of your voice (such as when we record customer service calls for quality assurance); (b) security cameras located in public areas, such as hallways and lobbies, in our properties; and (c) body-worn cameras carried by our loss prevention officers and other security personnel.
We may also collect information about your "
Preferences
" that you provide to us or that we learn about you during your stay, in order to make your current and future stays and experience with us more enjoyable. These include your “
Interests and Passions
”, such as whether you are a golf or spa enthusiast and what type of other activities you prefer to take part in when staying with us; your “
Food and Beverage
” Preferences, which may include your health restrictions or personal needs so that we can provide for your wellbeing; and your “
Room and Stay
” Preferences, which include room options, amenities and any likes and dislikes so that we can improve the Services. Other Preferences may also include details about who you usually travel with, their relationship to you, special dates such as anniversaries and birthdays, and your marital status.
If you submit any Personal Data about other people to us (e.g., if you make a reservation for another individual), you represent that you have the authority to do so and you permit us to use the data in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
THE ONLINE AND MOBILE DATA WE COLLECT
We may also collect “
Other Data
” that does not directly identify you. To the extent Other Data reveal your specific identity or relate to an individual, or is combined with Personal Data, we will treat Other Data as Personal Data.
Other Data
includes:
System Data:
When you use both desktop and mobile devices to access the Online Services, we collect certain data through your browser or automatically through your device, such as your computer type, screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Online Services you are using.
IP Address:
We also collect your IP address, a number that is automatically assigned to the device that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files when a user accesses the Online Services, along with the time of the visit and the pages that were visited. We use IP addresses to calculate usage levels, diagnose server problems and administer the Online Services. We also may derive your approximate location from your IP address.
Precise Location-Based Services:
With your consent, we may collect the precise geolocation of your device by using satellite, cell phone tower, Wi-Fi signals, or other technologies. We will collect this data if you opt-in through the App or other program (either during your initial login or later) to improve special offers and to enable location-driven capabilities on your device, such as to find nearby hotels, locate airport shuttles, show maps, and provide directions. If you have opted-in to share your location, the App or other program will continue to collect location data based on how you choose to share the data.
Precise Location Choices:
You can specify via your device operating system (such as through the “Settings” icon) to always share location data, only when the App is in use, or never. If you choose only when the App is in use, we will have access to the data until you log off or close the application or until you use your phone or other devices settings to disable location capabilities for the App or another program.
Cookies and Similar Technologies on our Websites:
When you visit our Websites from either a desktop or mobile device, we may collect and use cookies or other identifiers to serve you with personal advertisements for Marriott and third-party products, via email, on our Websites, or on other websites on the Internet; to measure how you interact with our Websites; and to maintain your preferences. We do this primarily through cookies, which are pieces of data stored directly on the computer or mobile device that you are using. We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals. Marriott recognizes the Global Privacy Control.
You can learn more about cookies at:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
↗.
In general, we use four different types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies:
These cookies are necessary to enable the basic features of our Websites and Apps, such as providing a secure log-in or booking a stay.
Functional Cookies:
These cookies allow our Websites and Apps to remember your site preferences and choices you make on the site. We also use functional cookies to facilitate navigation, to display content more effectively, and/ or to personalize your experience.
Advertising Cookies:
Advertising cookies allow us to select which advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you. We also use them to track responses to online advertisements and marketing, and we may use them to better understand your interests so we can present you with relevant messages and offers. These cookies may also allow you to share certain pages with social networks.
Analytics Cookies:
Analytics cookies help us improve our Websites and Apps by collecting and reporting information on how you use it.
Cookie Choices
There are several ways to opt-out of cookies, if however, you do not accept any cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Online Services. For example, we will not be able to recognize your computer, and you will need to log in every time you visit. You will not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests. Marriott recognizes the Global Privacy Control.
There are several ways to manage cookies:
1.
Browser settings:
You can opt out of cookies on your browser. Every browser is different, please check the instructions provided by your browser.
2. Through our
“
Tracking Preferences
”
site.
3.
Third-Party Analytics:
We collect data through third-party services and products, including Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, and Epsilon Data Management, which use cookies and technologies to collect and analyze data about use of the Online Services. These services also collect Data regarding the use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
↗ and opt out by downloading the Google Analytics opt out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
↗. You can learn more about Adobe and opt out by visiting
http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
↗
.
Advertising Choices
We may use Advertising Partners and other third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements on our Websites, Apps, and other websites regarding both Marriott and third-party goods and services that may interest you when you access and use the Online Services or other websites or online services. You may receive advertisements based on information relating to your access to and use of the Online Services and other websites or online services on any of your devices, as well as on information received from third parties.
To serve such advertisements, these companies place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags). They also use these technologies, along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile phone and a laptop. If you would like more information about this practice, and to learn about your choices in connection with it, please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
↗ and
http://www.aboutads.info/
↗,
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
↗ or
https://business.safety.google/privacy/
↗.
For any advertising in our Apps, you may download the AppChoices app at
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
↗ to opt out.
For the advertisements you see on the Online Services, you can also opt-out:
directly in the ad by clicking on the AdChoices icon;
by opting out of Advertising Cookies in our
“
Tracking Preferences
”
site; or
by visiting
https://business.safety.google/privacy/
↗.
For residents of certain U.S. states with privacy laws, such as California and Colorado please see our
U.S. Consumer Privacy Statement
to learn more about how we Sell and Share Personal Data and Other Data for Purposes of Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising. You can exercise your rights for targeted advertising by visiting Marriott’s
“Your Privacy Choices” page
.
Apps and Mobile Devices
We collect certain data when you download and/or use an App, such as App usage data, the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers, and what data and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device id. We use this data to ensure that the Online Services function properly.
Our Apps may also contain software development kits (SDKs) from third parties which may collect and transmit data to enable various features in the App.
With your consent if required by the operating system and/or applicable law, we may also collect mobile device advertising identifiers to enhance and personalize your experience and deliver relevant products, content, or ads to show you on our Websites, Apps, or through external advertising.
If you use our
automated chat functionalities or AI-powered chat technologies
, we collect the Personal Data that you submit to provide, improve, or develop the chat functionality, so we can better respond to your and other customers’ future interactions. If you choose to use our automated chat functionalities, you understand that Marriott and our third-party service providers will be using the information in the chat for quality and training purposes.
⦁
Optional App Features.
Our Apps may contain optional features made available to developers by the device’s operating system. To improve your experience, we request your permission for the use of your device’s location, camera, or other functions (e.g., using your device’s camera to capture your credit card information). You may choose not to allow the use of such functions, in which case the App features relying on such functions may not be available to you. Go to your device settings to manage these permissions.
Aggregated and Segmented Data
We may aggregate data that we collect, and this aggregated data will not personally identify you or any other user. We may also use both Personal Data and Other Data to divide customers into segments, or groups, to provide more relevant advertising, including third-party advertising.
Back to top
HOW AND WHERE WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
This Privacy Statement describes the privacy practices of the Marriott Group for Personal and Other Data that we collect through the following:
Marriott Group.
We collect Personal Data and Other Data from other companies within the Marriott Group for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement, such as providing and personalizing the Services, communicating with you, facilitating the loyalty programs and to accomplish our business purposes.
Owners, Franchisees & Joint Ventures.
We collect Personal Data and Other Data from Owners of Marriott Group branded properties that we manage, from Franchisees of Marriott Group branded properties that are independently owned and operated under a franchise agreement with us, and from Joint Venture Partners. Owners and Franchisees are independent from the Marriott Group. Franchisees include their third-party operators and management companies.
Owners of hotels associated with Design Hotels.
We collect Personal Data and Other Data from Owners of hotels associated with Design Hotels which are independently owned and operated and enter into a service and membership agreement with us.
Homes and Villas Property Management Companies.
We collect Personal Data and Other Data from companies and their service providers who manage Homes and Villas properties, your booking of Homes and Villas, and to provide additional support to you during your stay at Homes and Villas (“
Homes and Villas Property Management Companies
”). Homes and Villas Property Management Companies are independent from the Marriott Group.
Authorized Licensees.
We collect Personal Data and Other Data from companies with whom we enter into a license or similar agreement to sell goods and services under a Marriott Group brand (“
Authorized Licensees
”). Examples of Authorized Licensees include our time share partner, Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, Cruise Yacht Opco Ltd. d/b/a The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection, developers of Marriott Group branded real estate including Hotel Residences and Apartments, select MGM Resorts International properties in the U.S. and Canada, and co-branded credit card partners, including American Express, Chase, and other banks. Authorized Licensees are independent from the Marriott Group.
On-Property and/or Travel Providers.
We may collect your Personal Data and Other Data from spa, restaurant, health club, concierge, and other outlets at our properties.
Linked Accounts.
We collect Personal Data and Other Data when you use your loyalty program number or Online Services login to receive or register for certain third-party services. These companies include businesses such as airlines and rental car providers, and restaurant reservation and car services companies. Additionally, your social media account provider allows you to connect your social media account to your Online Services account or log into your Online Services account from your social media account. When you enroll in those services, we disclose your Personal Data and Other Data to those third parties. If you do not want us to collect your Personal Data or Other Data in this way, do not provide your loyalty program number to third parties, do not use your Online Services login to register for third-party promotions, and do not connect your Online Services account with accounts on third-party services.
Advertising Partners.
We collect Personal Data and Other Data from third parties who may provide marketing, advertising, and promotions to you, such as sweepstakes, contests, deals, offers, or other marketing and promotional communications. We may combine Data collected from Advertising Partners with Data collected from or about you across the Services and use such Combined Data consistent with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
eFolio Program.
If you are an employee of a company that participates in the Marriott Group eFolio Program and book your room using a company corporate code or pay for your expenses using a corporate credit card, we may collect Personal Data and Other Data related to your stay or employment. This Privacy Statement does not apply to the handling of your Personal Data by your employer, credit card company or bank, and we are not responsible for their practices.
Other Sources & Data Providers.
We collect Personal Data and Other Data from various third parties, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and online travel agencies and providers. We may combine Data collected from these other sources with Data collected from or about you across the Services and use such Combined Data consistent with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Online Services.
We collect Personal or Other Data when you interact with our Online Services, by performing such actions as, but not limited to, browsing, making a reservation, purchasing goods and services from our Websites or Apps, communicating with us (including via our automated chat functionalities or AI-powered technologies) or otherwise connecting with us or posting to social media pages, or signing up for a newsletter or participating in a survey, contest, or promotional offer.
Customer Care Centers.
We collect Personal Data when you make a reservation over the phone, communicate with us by email, fax, or via online chat services or contact customer service. These communications may be recorded for purposes of quality assurance and training.
Internet-Connected Devices.
We collect Personal and Other Data from internet-connected devices available in our properties. Examples include when you connect a device to the hotel’s internet, or when a smart home assistant may be available for your use to tailor your accommodations and experience.
Combined Data.
The Data collected from the above sources and across the Services may be combined and used consistent with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Back to top
WHY WE COLLECT YOUR DATA (LEGAL BASES)
Please note that in some jurisdictions you must agree to the collection of your Personal Data for Marriott to provide its Services.
PURPOSE
DESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES ASSOCIATED WITH PURPOSE
LEGAL BASES (WHERE APPLICABLE)
Booking & Guest Registration
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: facilitating reservations and bookings of hotel accommodations and related services; engaging in prearrival communications (logistics, changes, preferences, etc.); and processing payments and security deposits.
Performance of contract for the individual with the guest booking the room
Legitimate interests for the individual booking the room, for example, honoring his/her preferences, as well as for any individuals accompanying the primary guest (e.g., spouse, children, friends)
Legal obligations relating to financial transactions, such as the obligation to maintain books and records
On-Site Reception & Stay Services
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: facilitating check-in and check-out; processing payments; providing consistent and personalized service and advice about the on-site services (based on past usage or expressed preferences); providing concierge, luggage storage and parking services; making arrangements with third- party providers on behalf of guests (such as coordinating tours and other sightseeing excursions; arranging taxi, shuttle and chauffeur services; and facilitating reservations and bookings at restaurants and events); administering and facilitating access to Wi-Fi, TV and other connectivity services (including access to business center amenities, such as fax and photocopying services) and entertainment systems (such as PlayStations and music players); facilitating in-room dining (including taking into account any dietary, health restrictions or other personal needs expressed by the guest); housekeeping services (including preferences for housekeeping frequency, special pillows, duvets and other amenities expressed by the guest) and dry-cleaning services; handling customer requests, inquiries and complaints (including providing our automated chat functionalities   or AI-powered technologies for customers to make requests or inquiries); and determining eligibility for age restricted goods and services (such as alcohol or in-room adult entertainment).
Performance of contract, such as processing payments
Legitimate interests, such as honoring the guest’s preferences (e.g., for a room near the elevator or on a top floor)
Consent, such as collecting information regarding dietary preferences that the guest chooses to provide
Legal obligations, such as collecting national ID numbers where legally required
Meetings & Events
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: communicating with  planners and participants about meetings or events (
“Events”
); facilitating booking Events and associated participant reservations via all booking channels; engaging in pre- and post- Event communications (logistics, accommodations, changes, payments, etc.); preparing for and coordinating Events in accordance with group, planner, or participant instructions, expectations and preferences; assigning guest rooms; facilitating catering; facilitating use of third-party vendors (including audiovisual and transportation providers); receiving and shipping Event-related materials and equipment; communicating about billing and recovering amounts owed; collecting or processing payments, security deposits, and commissions; performing credit checks; handling group, planner, or participant requests, inquiries and complaints; and communicating with participants before, during, and after Events.
Performance of contract, such as collecting information about an Event
Legitimate interests, such as responding to customer complaints or concerns relating to an Event
Legal obligations relating to financial transactions, such as the obligation to maintain books and records
Marriott Operations & General Business
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: administering customer-care services to facilitate and address inquiries, comments and complaints about any of our services (such as in person, through phone lines, email, or on social media); handling security and fraud prevention; administering the Online Services (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and the hosting of data); monitoring and analyzing usage of services and using data analytics or AI to improve services, marketing, programs, overall customer experience, gathering feedback, carrying out pilot programs for potential new services and both developing new and improving existing services (including by analyzing information you provide via automated chat functionalities or AI-powered technologies); and facilitating mergers, acquisitions and other reorganizations and restructurings of our business (including prospective transactions).
Performance of contract, such as checking that the Online Services are functioning so that individuals can make reservations or manage loyalty accounts
Legitimate interests, such as responding to customer complaints and concerns which may include, where applicable law permits, recording customer service calls
Consent, such as for marketing programs
Legal obligations relating to financial transactions, such as the obligation to maintain books and records
Emergency & Incident Response
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: providing for the security of on-site services; responding to, handling and documenting on-site accidents and medical and other emergencies (including facilitating inhouse doctor services); actively monitoring properties to ensure adequate incident prevention, response and documentation (including CCTV and body-worn cameras); requesting assistance from emergency services; and sending notifications and alerts in the event of incidents or emergencies (such as via SMS, email, call, audio-visual device prompts, etc.).
Performance of contract, such as providing for the safety of guests and personnel through interactions with on-site security personnel
Legitimate interests, such as monitoring properties through CCTV and body-worn cameras to provide for the safety of guests and personnel
Legal obligations, such as documenting onsite accidents
Individuals’ vital interests, such as contacting medical or emergency services for an ill guest
Legal & Compliance
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: complying with applicable laws; complying with legal processes; responding to requests from public and government authorities; meeting national security or law enforcement requirements; enforcing our terms and conditions; protecting our operations; protecting the rights, privacy, safety, or property of the Marriott Group, guests, visitors and other relevant individuals; and allowing us to pursue available legal remedies and limiting the damages that Marriott may sustain.
Legal obligations, such as complying with legal processes
Legitimate interests, such as enforcing terms and conditions to protect trademarks
Individuals’ vital interests, such as contacting emergency services in case of disturbances and incidents involving guests
Spa & Beauty Services
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: facilitating reservations and bookings; determining eligibility for services; honoring disability or other health-related restrictions and providing appropriate and safe activities, services and treatments; providing consistent and personalized service based on past usage and preferences expressed by the individual; processing payments; arranging requested professionals for specific treatments and services; and handling customer requests, inquiries and complaints.
Performance of contract, such as processing payments
Consent, such as collecting information about back problems when providing massage services
Legitimate interests, such as providing personalized services (e.g., offering a specific treatment based on past activity)
Legal obligations relating to financial transactions, such as the obligation to maintain books and records
Individuals’ vital interests (e.g., when an individual becomes ill while receiving treatment)
Fitness & Recreation Services
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: facilitating reservations and bookings; determining eligibility for services; honoring restrictions and providing appropriate and safe activities and services; providing consistent and personalized service based on past usage and preferences expressed by the individual; processing payments; and handling customer requests, inquiries and complaints.
Performance of contract, such as processing payments
Consent, such as collecting information about past injuries during a fitness consultation
Legitimate interests, such as providing personalized services (e.g., presenting fitness/recreation offers and/or opportunities based on past activity)
Legal obligations relating to financial transactions, such as the obligation to maintain books and records
Individuals’ vital interests (e.g., when an individual becomes ill while using the fitness equipment)
Golf & Resort Membership Services
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: facilitating tee-time reservations and other resort member event bookings; providing consistent and personalized service based on past usage and preferences expressed by the individual; processing payments; and handling customer requests, inquiries and complaints.
Performance of contract, such as processing payments
Consent, such as collecting information about preferences and family members when initiating a resort membership
Legitimate interests, such as providing personalized services (e.g., offering resort membership opportunities based on past activity)
Legal obligations relating to financial transactions, such as the obligation to maintain books and records
Individuals’ vital interests (e.g., when an individual becomes ill while frequenting the resort)
Food & Beverage Services
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: facilitating reservations; honoring dietary preferences; providing consistent and personalized service based on past usage and preferences expressed by the individual; processing payments; arranging reservations; and handling customer requests, inquiries, and complaints.
Performance of contract, such as processing payments
Consent, such as collecting information about dietary, or other restrictions, or personal needs of a guest when ordering food
Legitimate interests, such as providing personalized services (e.g., offering red wine to a guest based on previous requests)
Legal obligations relating to financial transactions, such as the obligation to maintain books and records
Individuals’ vital interests (e.g., when an individual becomes ill in one of the restaurants)
Child-Related Services (for Parents & Legal Guardians)
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: facilitating babysitting/hotel nanny, kids club and junior golf program services; facilitating reservations and bookings; preparing for and coordinating hotel accommodations and services in accordance with guest preferences, instructions and expectations; processing payment and billing services; providing child-friendly dining services (for example, special menus for children or special discounts for breakfast for children under a certain age).
Performance of contract, such as having a child of a certain age stay in the room with his/her parents, resulting in extra charges or discounts
Consent of parent or legal guardian, such as accommodating needs of children according to a parent’s instructions
Legitimate interests, such as providing a crib or child-sized bathrobes and other amenities for children
Legal obligations relating to financial transactions, such as the obligation to maintain books and records
Individuals’ vital interests, such as when a child becomes ill while participating in a kids’ club
Loyalty Programs, Accounts, & Relationship Management
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: registering users in loyalty and other client account programs and payment card programs; determining eligibility for various programs and related services; administering loyalty programs; providing consistent and personalized offers and services based on past usage and preferences expressed or exhibited by members; ensuring access to Marriott’s Websites and Apps; processing payments; notifying members about changes to programs, terms and conditions; and handling members’ requests, inquiries and complaints.
Performance of contract, such as assessing points and distributing benefits
Consent, such as honoring the mode of communication preferences (e.g., email, SMS)
Legitimate interests, such as managing members’ choices regarding how they wish to earn, track, and use points
Legal obligations relating to financial transactions such as the obligation to maintain books and records
Marketing, Advertising, Promotions, Contests & Third-Party Products
There are a number of activities associated with this purpose, such as: communicating about products and services that may be of interest to guests; providing personalized advertisements for products and services on Marriott’s Websites and Apps, and third-party websites; facilitating participation in sweepstakes, contests and other promotions (such as best vacation photo contests on social media); analyzing Data to gain insights and create customer marketing segments; and handling customer requests, inquiries and complaints.
Performance of a contract, such as fulfilling obligations associated with a contest
Consent, such as honoring the mode of communication preferences (e.g., email, SMS)
Legitimate interests, such as providing advertisements for similar products and services
Legal obligations, such as handling information consistent with rules relating to sweepstakes
MORE INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR PREFERENCES
Our goal is to serve you better and meet your expectations and preferred level of hospitality at each stage, of your travel journey and to send you personalized advertising and marketing. See below to learn more about the Personal Data we collect about your Preferences and how we use it.
PREFERENCES
PURPOSES
LEGAL BASES (WHERE APPLICABLE)
Anniversaries
When you stay with us, we want to help you celebrate any special occasion, such as an anniversary, birthday. For example, we may make a note of these dates to allow us to provide you with a birthday or anniversary gift.
Legitimate interest, in order to provide you with exceptional service
Consent
Interest and Passions
We want to provide you with services that enhance your Marriott experience. To do this, we may retain your preferences about the types of activities that you like to take part in, (such as trips to the beach, fitness, travel and transportation details, kids clubs and related services, spa, and golf) so that we are able to offer you similar experiences when you are planning to stay or do stay with us in the future.
Legitimate interest, in order to provide you with exceptional service
Consent
Relationships (husband, wife, son, daughter, etc.)
We understand that your Preferences may change depending on who you are traveling with (such as your preferred room type). We may keep a record of your relationships to assist us with making your Marriott stay as comfortable as possible. For example, if we know you are traveling with small children, we can proactively plan for additional accommodations such as a crib or roll-away bed.
Legitimate interest, in order to provide you with exceptional service
Consent
Preferences for properties, clubs, and facilities
When you are staying with us, we want to make sure that we can provide you with services to enhance your Marriott experience. To do this, we may retain your preferences for our properties, clubs, and facilities, based on your past stay preferences, of our kids’ clubs, nanny services, spa and beauty services, golf, restaurant, and fitness facilities.
Legitimate interest, in order to provide you with exceptional service
Consent
Dietary preferences
When you stay with us, we want to ensure that you are safe, that we are looking after your wellbeing, and to provide you with services to enhance your Marriott experience. For example, we may make a note of your dining or beverage preferences so that we are prepared if you request room service or dine at one of our cafes or restaurants.
Legitimate interest, in order to provide you with exceptional service
Consent
Back to top
HOW AND WHEN WE SHARE YOUR DATA
Our goal is to provide you with the highest level of hospitality and Services, and to do so, we may share Personal Data and Other Data with the following:
Marriott Group.
We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to other companies within the Marriott Group for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement, such as providing and personalizing the Services, communicating with you, facilitating the loyalty programs and to accomplish our business purposes. We share your Personal Data and Other Data used for making reservations with the applicable property and Marriott entity to fulfil and complete your reservation.
Franchisees.
We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to Franchisees of Marriott Group branded properties for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Franchisees have a limited right to use certain Personal Data for their own purposes and therefore qualify as independent data controllers for the following processing: Franchisees manage and coordinate your stay at hotels that they operate so they may use your Personal Data for that purpose. Franchisees may also use your Personal Data for compliance with their own legal obligations, including maintaining books & records and other compliance obligations.
Owners.
We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to Owners of Marriott Group branded properties for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Owners have a limited right to use certain Personal Data for their own purposes and therefore qualify as independent data controllers for the following processing: Owners may use your Personal Data for complying with their own legal obligations, including maintaining books & records and other compliance obligations.
Owners of hotels associated with Design Hotels.
We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to Owners of hotels associated with Design Hotels when you book a stay at one of these hotels. These Owners have rights to use Personal Data for their own purposes and therefore qualify as independent controllers for the processing of Personal Data related to a booking at a hotel associated with Design Hotels. If available, please read the Privacy Statement of the hotel to understand the privacy practices of the hotel.
Homes and Villas Property Management Companies.
We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to Homes and Villas Property Management Companies and their service providers for the purpose described in this Privacy Statement, such as providing, facilitating, and personalizing the Services, facilitating the loyalty programs and their own marketing.
Authorized Licensees.
Where allowed by law or where you make a request for services with an Authorized Licensee, we disclose Personal Data and Other Data to our Authorized Licensees, including Marriott Vacations Worldwide, Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection, Marriott Group branded real estate including Hotel Residences and Apartments, co-branded credit cards from American Express, Chase and other banks, and select MGM Resorts International properties in the U.S. and Canada, for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement, such as providing and personalizing the Services, fulfilling your requests and marketing their products or services. For example, this sharing enables you to purchase Marriott branded goods and services, including time share properties and Marriott Group branded real estate.
o
Select Authorized Licensees
as defined in the Marriott Bonvoy Communication Preferences means Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection, and international co-branded credit cards.
On-Property and/or Travel Providers.
We may share your information with spa, restaurant, health club, concierge, and other outlets at our properties to provide you with services and their own marketing such as with Disney Destinations, LLC and Walt Disney Travel Company when you stay at one of our properties affiliated with Walt Disney World®. This sharing also enables us to provide you with a single source for purchasing packages that include travel-related services, such as airline tickets, rental cars, and vacation packages.
Linked Accounts and Travel Insurance.
We partner with certain third parties that allow you to enroll in their services or purchase their products. For example, certain companies allow you to use your loyalty program number or Online Services login to receive or register for their services. These companies include businesses such as airlines and rental car companies, restaurant reservation and car services partners, and certain Authorized Licensees. Additionally, your social media account provider allows you to connect your social media account to your Online Services account or log into your Online Services account from your social media account. When you enroll in those services or purchase their products, we disclose your Personal Data and Other Data to those third parties. If you do not want us to share your Personal Data or Other Data in this way, do not provide your loyalty program number to third parties, do not use your Online Services login to register for third-party promotions, and do not connect your Online Services account with accounts on third-party services. We may also share your Personal Data with Travel Insurance companies when you choose to purchase their products. Data shared in this way will be governed by the third-party’s privacy policy and not this Privacy Statement.
Advertising Partners.
We share Personal Data and Other data with Advertising Partners to provide marketing, advertisements, and promotions to you, such as sweepstakes, contests, deals, offers, or other marketing and promotional communications.
eFolio Program.
If you are an employee of a company that participates in the Marriott Group eFolio Program and book your room using a company corporate code or pay for your expenses using a corporate credit card, an extract of your folio detailing the goods and services provided to you may be sent to your company and to the credit card company. This Privacy Statement does not apply to the handling of your Personal Data by your employer, credit card company or bank, and we are not responsible for their practices.
Service Providers.
We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to third-party service providers including, for example, companies that provide website hosting, automated chat functionalities or AI-powered technologies, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfilment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, marketing, auditing, and other services.
Other Uses and Disclosures:
We will use and disclose Personal Data as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including authorities outside your country of residence and to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations, such as in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of the Marriott Group business, assets or stock (including any bankruptcy or similar proceedings); (f) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of the Marriott Group, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may use and disclose Other Data for any purpose, except where we are not allowed to under applicable law.
Back to top
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
At Marriott, we believe that you should have choices with respect to your data. We provide you with the options, information, and choices below to express your preferences: what and how much you share with us and when and how you hear from us.
Communication Preferences
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails, you may opt out by visiting our
unsubscribe page
or by following the instructions in any such email you receive from us.
In addition, you can opt out from marketing-related emails by sending a letter to: Internet Customer Care – Unsubscribe, 1818 North 90 Street, Omaha, Nebraska 68114-1315 USA or Luxury Reservations Limited - Unsubscribe, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin D02 T380, Ireland
NOTE:
Even if you choose to opt out of marketing-related emails, we will continue to send you transactional messages, such as information about your reservations or stays, including confirmation and pre-arrival emails, or account security updates.
If you are a Bonvoy member
, to change how we or our partners communicate with you via email or other channels, please sign into your loyalty account profile, and select
Communication Preferences
.
If you want to adjust any other Preferences, login to your loyalty account, select “Profile”, and scroll down to the “Preferences” section.
To adjust your Preferences in the App, go to the “Account” tab, click on the Settings icon, and scroll down to the “Preferences” section.
Cookies and Other Data
For information on your choices related to Cookies and Other Data, please see the Section on
Cookies and Similar Technologies on our Websites
, above.
Your Privacy Choices & Individual Rights
Individual Rights
If you are afforded Individual Rights under applicable law you can exercise these rights by completing the form in our Individual Rights Portal
here
↗, or by contacting our DPO at
MarriottDPO@marriott.com
.
These rights will allow you or your authorized agent to request access, correction, deletion, restriction, portability, or objection to the processing of your Personal Data. You may also appeal our decision regarding your Individual Rights request (to the extent these rights are provided to you by law).
Do Not Sell, Do Not Share, and/or Opt-out of Targeted Advertising
If these rights are available to you under applicable U.S. State law, you can exercise your rights to opt-out of the sale and/or sharing of your Personal Data, or opt-out of the use of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by visiting Marriott’s
“Your Privacy Choices” page
.
Additional Information
For your protection, we only fulfill requests for the Personal Data associated with the email address and/or loyalty account number that you identify in your request, and we may need to verify your identity before fulfilling certain requests. When permitted by law, we may charge an appropriate fee to cover the costs of responding to your request.
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with applicable law. Please note that all individual rights may not be available under applicable law to all our guests or other users of our Services.
California Shine the Light Law
Customers who reside in California and have provided their Personal Data to us can request, once per calendar year, information about our sharing of certain categories of Personal Data to third parties and within the Marriott Group, for direct marketing purposes. Such requests should be submitted to us at
privacy@marriott.com
.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Individual Rights Portal or process, please contact us at
privacy@marriott.com
, or by mail at:
Marriott International, Inc.
Global Compliance, Privacy
7750 Wisconsin Avenue
Bethesda, MD 20814
United States of America
Back to top
OTHER IMPORTANT PROVISIONS
Non-Marriott Group Entities
This Privacy Statement does not address, and we are not responsible for the privacy, data, or other practices of any entities outside of the Marriott Group, including Franchisees, Owners, Homes and Villas Property Management Companies, Authorized Licensees, or any third-party operating any site or service to which the Services link, payment service, loyalty program, or website that is the landing page of the high-speed Internet providers at our properties. The inclusion of a link on the Online Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us. We generally have no control over, and are not responsible for, any third-party’s collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data.
In addition, we are not responsible for the data collection, use, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Meta, Apple, Google, Microsoft, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including with respect to any Personal Data you disclose to other organizations through or the Apps or our social media pages.
Security
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect Personal Data. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us in accordance with the “
Contact Us
” section, below.
Retention
We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services and for as long as necessary to satisfy the terms of the Bonvoy program);
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); and
Whether retention is advisable considering our legal position (such as, for statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigations).
Sensitive Data
We only collect Sensitive Personal Data which may be necessary to perform reasonably expected services or as required by law. Unless we explicitly request that you provide Sensitive Personal Data, we ask that you not send and/or disclose to us on or through the Services (or in your emails to us) any Sensitive Personal Data (e.g., social security number, taxpayer identification number, passport number, driver’s license number, or other government-issued identification number; credit or debit card details or financial account number, with or without any code or password that would permit access to the account, credit history; or information on race, religion, ethnicity, sex life or practices or sexual orientation, medical or health information, genetic or biometric information, biometric templates, political or philosophical beliefs, political party or trade union membership, background check information, judicial data such as criminal records, or information on other judicial or administrative proceedings).
Use of Services by Minors
The Services are not intended for children, and we do not knowingly solicit or collect Personal Data from minors under the age of eighteen (18) without parental consent. We request that minors not provide Personal Data through the Services.
International Data Transfers
The Marriott Group is a global organization and provides a global service. Transferring data internationally is essential to the Services so that you receive the same high-quality service wherever you are in the world. As a result, we will, subject to applicable law, transfer or Personal Data and Other Data collected in connection with the Services, to entities in countries where data protection standards may differ from those in the country where you reside, including outside the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland. By making a reservation, visiting, or staying at a Marriott branded property or using any Marriott Group branded service, you understand that we transfer your Personal Data globally. The Marriott Group enters into Standard Contractual Clauses or another approved mechanism for cross-border transfer where appropriate.
In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Data.
Some of the countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available
here
↗). For the UK, the full list of countries recognized by the UK government as adequate is available
here
↗.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Certification
Marriott International, Inc. and certain of its U.S. Affiliates have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that they adhere to EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Marriott U.S. has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Our certifications can be found at:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
↗. For more information about the Data Privacy Framework principles, please visit:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
↗. Our Data Privacy Framework Guest Privacy Statement can be found
here
. In some circumstances, we may also transfer data by signing Standard Contractual Clauses.
For additional information about our complaints management practices and contact information, please refer to our
Data Privacy Framework Guest Privacy Statement
.
Updates to This Privacy Statement
The “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Statement was last revised. Changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Statement on the Online Services. If you would like to review the immediate prior version of this Statement, please contact us at
privacy@marriott.com
.
Back to top
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or would like to submit a complaint regarding Marriott’s collection, maintenance, use, deletion, or disclosure of your Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@marriott.com
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Marriott International, Inc. with an address of:
Marriott International, Inc.
Global Compliance, Privacy
7750 Wisconsin Avenue
Bethesda, MD 20814
United States of America
If you live in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the data controller is Luxury Reservations Limited, with an address of:
Luxury Reservations Limited
10 Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin D02 T380
Ireland
If you live in the United Kingdom, the data controller is:
Marriott Hotels Limited
3 More London Riverside, 4th Floor
London SE1 2AQ
England
Additional Information
DATA CONTROLLER
The Marriott Group acts as an independent data controller in relation to our Owners and Franchisees, who have a limited right to use the Personal Data and Other Data we collect as described below:
Owners:
As the hotel you are booked to stay in may not be owned by the Marriott Group, we disclose Data to owners of Marriott Group branded properties for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Owners have a limited right to use certain Personal Data for their own purposes and therefore qualify as independent data controllers in order to comply with their own legal obligations, including maintaining books & records and other compliance obligations.
Franchisees:
In addition, some Marriott-branded hotels are owned and operated under a franchise agreement with the Marriott Group. As such, we disclose Personal Data to Franchisees of Marriott Group branded properties for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Franchisees have a limited right to use certain Personal Data for their own purposes and therefore qualify as independent data controllers for the purposes of managing and coordinating your stay at hotels, and for complying with their own legal obligations, including maintaining books & records and other compliance obligations.
You can also:
Contact our data protection officer (“DPO”) responsible for your country or region via
MarriottDPO@marriott.com
. In your email header, please indicate the country from which you are contacting us.
Lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection laws occurs. For the EEA, a list of the national data protection authorities can be found
here
↗. For the UK, the responsible data protection authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), more details about which can be found on the
ICO website
↗.
Back to top
Related Links
Terms of Use for United States and Canada
SMS Messaging Terms of Use
Digital Entry Terms of Use
Marriott Casinos Global Privacy Statement
Marriott Group Privacy Statement for the Collection of Non-Employee and Non-Guest Personal Data
Marriott Applicant Privacy Statement
Marriott U.S. EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Guest Privacy Statement
It's all right here with the Marriott Bonvoy™ App
It's all right here with the Marriott Bonvoy™ App
Opens a new window
Las Vegas Hotels
Miami Hotels
Chicago Hotels
Tokyo Hotels
Orlando Hotels
Key West Hotels
London Hotels
New York Hotels
San Diego Hotels
Boston Hotels
Myrtle Beach Hotels
Austin Hotels
Nashville Hotels
Denver Hotels
Maui Hotels
San Francisco Hotels
New Orleans Hotels
San Juan Hotels
Seattle Hotels
Santa Barbara Hotels
Palm Springs Hotels
Paris Hotels
Rome Hotels
Amsterdam Hotels
Virginia Beach Hotels
Ocean City Hotels
Pigeon Forge Hotels
Lake Tahoe Hotels
Los Angeles Hotels
Gatlinburg Hotels
Kauai Hotels
Savannah Hotels
Galveston Hotels
Charleston Hotels
Moab Hotels
Lisbon Hotels
Traverse City Hotels
Waikiki Hotels
Mexico City Hotels
Best Rate Guarantee
Marriott Bonvoy Moments
Opens a new window
Activities
Opens a new window
Marriott Insiders
Opens a new window
Marriott Bonvoy Traveler
Opens a new window
Travel Experiences
Travel Insurance
Opens a new window
Shop Marriott
Opens a new window
Shop Westin
Opens a new window
Gift Cards
Opens a new window
About Marriott
Careers
Opens a new window
Small & Midsize Business Program
Travel Professionals
Opens a new window
Group Partners
Opens a new window
Developers
Opens a new window
Affiliates
Investors
Opens a new window
News
Opens a new window
David Marriott's Blog
Opens a new window
Tony Capuano’s Blog
Opens a new window
Heart of the House
Opens a new window
Follow us
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Sub-policy 1
https://www.mgmresorts.com/go/washington-policy:
Washington Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
Sub-policy 2
https://www.mgmresorts.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
Sub-policy 3
https://www.mgmresorts.com/notice-of-collection:
Privacy Policy