We at MyRegistry LLC (“
MyRegistry
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”) have created this privacy policy (this “
Privacy Policy
”) because we know that you care about how information you provide to us is used and shared.  This Privacy Policy relates to the information collection and uses practices of MyRegistry in connection with our Services, which are made available to you through a variety of platforms, including, but not limited to,
www.myregistry.com
(the “
Website
”) and our mobile app, which is accessible through tablets, smartphones, connected televisions, and other devices (the “
App
”). The Website and the App are collectively referred to as the “
Platform.
”
We welcome many users to our Website and our App, and this Privacy Policy is intended to apply to all of them.
Users that visit our Website (“
Visitors
”) are only allowed to view publicly-available content. By visiting our Website, Visitors agree to our Privacy Policy and the accompanying Terms of Use.
Other users sign up to access and use our Services via the Platform such as by creating a gift registry for their special occasion (“
Members
”). We also welcome guests, who access, view and/or purchase gifts from a Member’s registry (“
Guests
”).  By signing up, accessing, and/or using our Platform, each Member and Guest thereby agrees to our Privacy Policyand the accompanying Terms of Use.
This Privacy policy also applies to merchants that sign up to access and use our Services via the Platform such as fulfilling the orders for gifts purchased by Guests from Members registry(“
Merchants
”). By signing up, accessing, and/or using the Platform, each Merchant hereby agrees to our Privacy Policy and the accompanying Merchant Agreement.
Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use (when such term concerns Visitors, Members or Guests) and the Merchant Agreement (when such term concerns Merchants).
In the course of operating the Platform and providing the Services, MyRegistry will collect (and/or receive) the following types of information. You authorize us to collect, receive, use and share such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
When you sign up to become a Member, you will be required to provide us with personal information about yourself, such as your first name, last name, and e-mail address.If you sign-up through Facebook, or any other social media website, you are authorizing MyRegistry to collect, store, and use, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, anyand all information that you agreed that Facebook, Inc., or such other social media company would provide to MyRegistry through their application programming interface (“
API
”).Such information may include, without limitation, your first and last name, social media username, social media profile picture, unique social media identifier and access token, and e-mail address.
When a Member creates a new gift list, they may be required to provide their shipping information for the purpose of gift delivery. Please be aware that your address will be visible to individuals who have access to your gift list. Members have the option to protect their gift list with a password and to control the visibility of their address on the gift list. If a Member chooses to make their address private it ensures that the address remains confidential. Any individual attempting to purchase gifts from a list where the address is not visible have the option of either entering the address themselves or request the address by clicking the link which will send an email request to the owner of the gift list. If you sign up or add a gift item via our Third Party Partners and provide your address for gift delivery, you grant us permission to share your address with the Third Party Partners.
If you contact us via the Contact Us page, you will need to provide your name and email address.Our Third Party Partners also provide us with personal information that you have provided to such Third Party Partners.  You authorize us to collect, store, and use, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, any and all such personal information.  This Privacy Policy governs our use of this personal information; it does not govern, and we have no control overand will have no responsibility or liability for collection or use of your personal information by the Third Party Partners.
All information that we receive under this section is collectively called “
Personal Information
.”  We do not collect any Personal Information from Visitors, Members, Guests or Merchants unless they provide such information voluntarily.
In order to process any cash gift transaction through the Platform (each, a “
Transaction
”), Guests may be required to provide certain billing information, such as informationrelated to their PayPal account, debit card number, credit card number, expiration date, bank account information, billing address, activation code, and similar information(collectively, the “
Billing Information
”).  Such Billing Information will be collected and processed by our Third Party Payment Processor pursuant to the terms and conditions oftheir privacy policies and terms of use, and we do not obtain access to any Billing Information in connection with such Transactions.
User Generated Content (UGC) is any content that is made publicly available by users of a system. The systems most commonly used for posting UGC are social media websites, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc. If you decide to post anything on a social media platform accompanied with the hashtag #ShareMyRegistry, you are thereby granting MyRegistry.com permission to copy, display, distribute, perform, publish, modify, and/or translate such media in any form, as long as we act in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the relevant lawsregarding data privacy. We may also request permission to use UGC that is not accompanied with the #ShareMyRegistryhashtag, if we believe it could serve a legitimate business purpose. If permission is granted, you will be affording us the same rights to the content as if you had originally posted it with our hashtag. Generally, we will use UGC for advertising and marketing purposes. We will not attempt to claim ownership to any of the UGC we use, but it must be understood that we will also never compensate anyone for usage of their publicly accessible data. This right to useyour UGC never expires, and we may also encourage third parties to use or archive such content as well.
Due to the fact that UGC is available to the public, please be very attentive to the information you post on any social media platform. Any post that is discriminatory based on race, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, or a mental or physical disability isa violation of others' rights, and you may face legal consequences as a result. Your UGC must not be defamatory, sexually explicit,or used for political gain, and the content you post must not result in a breach of contract with us or a third party.
Images, Photos, and Videos
By using our site or app on your mobile device or any other device, you grant us access to your device's camera and microphone for the purpose of capturing images or taking videos as part of the functionality and features we offer. We will only access your device's camera and microphone with your explicit permission. This access will be limited to the duration of your active use of our services and will be utilized for purposes, including but not limited to upload custom images or photos of gifts on registry, scan barcodes, and personalize registry landing page. Please keep in mind that if you do not grant consent for the collection and use of images or photos, certain functions or features of our services may not be available to you.
Additionally, please note that by using our services, you acknowledge and consent to the collection, use, and potential disclosure of images, photos, and videos that you voluntarily share with us. We may utilize these images or photos to enhance our services, including but not limited to the features mentioned above. We are committed to securely storing and protecting your personal information and employ all reasonable measures to safeguard against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Please note that we do not sell, trade, or disclose your images or photos to third parties without your explicit consent, except as required by law or to provide our services.
Please be aware that if your registry is not password protected and searchable, any images, photos, or videos you voluntarily share may become publicly available. It is crucial to exercise caution and discretion when uploading information. Posting content that is discriminatory based on race, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, or a mental or physical disability violates the rights of others and may result in legal consequences. Moreover, it is important not to post defamatory, sexually explicit, or politically motivated content.
In addition to the Personal Information, we may collect or receive additional information (collectively, the “
Other Information
”).  Such Other Information may include:
From Your Activity
.  Information that we automatically collect when you use the Platform, such as the device from which you access the Platform and/or the Services,your IP addresses, browser type and language, referring and exit pages and URLs, date and time, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections of the Platform you visit,and similar information concerning your use of the Platform and/or the Services.
From Cookies
.  Information that we collect using “cookie” technology.  Cookies are small packets of data that a website stores on your computer’s hard drive so thatyour computer will “remember” information about your visit.  We use cookies to help us collect Other Information and to enhance your experience using the Platform. We provideyou notice of such cookie collection upon accessing our Platform. If you do not want us to deploy cookies in your browser, you can opt out by setting your browser to reject cookiesor to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie in your browser software.  If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still use the Platform, although yourability to use some of the features may be affected.
Third-Party Analytics
.  We use third-party analytics services (such as Google Analytics) to evaluate your use of the Platform, compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze performancemetrics, and collect and evaluate other information relating to the Platform and Internet usage.  These third parties use cookies and other technologies to help analyze and provide us the data.By accessing and using the Platform, you consent to the processing of data about you by these analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.For more information on these third parties, including how to opt out from certain data collection, please visit the sites below.  Please be advised that if you opt out of any service, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Platform.
For Google Analytics, please visit
MyRegistry.com expects all partners and any third parties we conduct business with to comply with relevant data protection andprivacy laws at all times. We take every commercially reasonable step to ensure consistent compliance on our end.Transparency is becoming more of a focus for lawmakers when drafting new data privacy laws, so we have made it a priorityto ensure all users of our site have the ability to find out how their data is being used, for what purpose, and for how long.We expect the same from all of our partners and any third parties, and will do our best to ensure that we do not conduct businesswith any individual person or entity that is not compliant with all relevant laws. If any user wishes to receiveinformation pertaining to the use or collection of their personal data at any time, we expect all of our partners to be able toprovide that information as necessary. If there is a breach of contract due to the failure of a third party to produce information,an injunction may be sought against that third party to suspend their business operations until they become compliant, and monetarydamages may be sought for the actual breach.
You authorize us to share Other Information about your activity on the Platform with third parties for the purpose of tailoring, analyzing, managing, reporting, and optimizingadvertising you see on the Platform, and elsewhere.  These third parties may use cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), and/or other technologies to collect such OtherInformation for such purposes.  Pixel tags enable us, and these third-party advertisers, to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits the site on which the pixel tag is located inorder to learn which advertisement brings a user to a given site. You may opt-out of the tailoring of advertising based on information we collect.  To learn more about the use of thisinformation, or to choose not to have this information used by our providers or third party advertising partners by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Members may post information using blogs, forums and other similar features available through the Platform. NONE of the information you provide using these features is protected bythis Privacy Policy. THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY INFORMATION (INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION) THAT YOU PROVIDE USING BLOGS, FORUMS OR OTHER SIMILARFEATURES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE PLATFORM. ALL SUCH INFORMATION IS PUBLIC INFORMATION AND MAY BE SEEN, COLLECTED OR USED BY ANY USER OF THE PLATFORM.
You authorize us to use the Personal Information, and the Other Information (collectively, the “Information”) to provide and improve the Platform; to solicit your feedback; and inform you about our products and services and those of our promotional partners.
You also authorize us to use and/or share Information as described below.
Agents, Providers and Related Third Parties.
We may engage other companies and individuals to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf.  Examples may includeproviding technical assistance, order fulfillment, customer service, and marketing assistance.  These other companies will have access to the Information only as necessary toperform their functions and to the extent permitted by law. We may also share your Information with any of our parent companies, subsidiaries, or other companies under commoncontrol with us. Any personal information collected on our behalf is not later sold or used by any agents, providers, or related third parties.
Aggregated Information.
In an ongoing effort to better understand our Visitors, Members, Guests and Merchants, we may analyze Personal Information with Other Information inanonymized and aggregate form in order to operate, maintain, manage, and improve the Platform.  This aggregate information does not identify you personally.  We may share thisaggregate data with our affiliates, agents, business and promotional partners, and other third parties.  We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe thePlatform to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
Business Transfers.
As we develop our businesses, we might sell or buy businesses or assets.  In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assetsdissolution, or similar event, the Information may be part of the transferred assets.
Legal Requirements.
We may disclose your Information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action or disclosure is necessary or appropriate to:(i) operate the Platform, (ii) comply with any legal obligation, report unlawful activity, cooperate with law enforcement, or protect against legal liability, (iii) protect anddefend our rights, property, personnel, suppliers, sponsors, agents or licensors, or (iv) protect the personal safety of vendors, users of the Platform or the public.
Third Party Partners.
We may disclose your Personal Information to our Third Party Partners to whom you provided your information as a part of the sign-up process for thePlatform. Such Third Party Partners and the company who operates the Third Party Partner website may use your Personal Information for their own marketing and business purposes.
Third Parties Marketing Companies.
We may share your Personal Information with partners (who may combine such Personal Information with their own records and records available from other sources), whose offerings we think may interest you. These partners may include, but are not limited to organizations that have offers tailored to your registry type, registry program promotions, retailers, or other relevant third parties. This Personal Information may be used for their marketing purposes and other lawful purposes. If you would like to opt out of having your personal information shared to third party marketers, please email your name and address to
info@myregistry.com
.
Members and Merchants may access, remove, review, and/or make changes to their Personal Information by emailing us at
info@myregistry.com
.  In addition, you may manage your receipt of marketing andnon-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of any MyRegistry marketing e-mail.  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to process suchrequests in a timely manner.  You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our subscription databases.  Members cannot opt out of receivingtransactional emails related to their account with MyRegistry.
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect the Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.  Please understand, however, that no security system isimpenetrable.  We cannot guarantee the security of our databases or the databases of the third parties with which we may share such Information, nor can we guarantee that the Information you supplywill not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet.  In particular, email sent to us may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
The Platform may contain links to third-party websites.  MyRegistry has no control over the privacy practices or the content of these websites.  As such, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of those third-party websites.You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any other websites.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 through the Platform.  If you are under 13, please do not give us any Personal Information.We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide PersonalInformation without their permission.  If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
The Platform and the Services are operated in the United States.  If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to uswill be transferred to the United States.  By visiting the Website and/or accessing and/or using the Platform and/or the Services and/or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer.
If you reside in the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, you may be entitled to certain privacy rights under the respective privacy law of your state. We do not engage in any sale or disclosure of your personal information that exceeds the relevant statutory thresholds of each jurisdiction, and thus we are not subject to each state specific privacy laws. However, we acknowledge and respect your privacy rights and provide you with disclosures and options regarding our use of your personal information.
As a resident of any state, regardless of whether specific privacy laws apply to our company, we understand the importance of providing individuals with certain rights and choices regarding their personal information. We are committed to addressing your requests related to access, deletion, correction, portability, or restriction of processing of your personal information. These requests are not a legal right, but we are granting them to you in respect of your privacy rights. You may also designate an authorized agent to exercise these requests on your behalf. We will make reasonable efforts to respond to your requests within the timeframes. Please note that certain requests may be subject to legal limitations or exceptions, and we reserve the right to verify your identity before processing your requests.
We collect personal information directly from you, including when you register for an account and create a profile, subscribefor newsletters and updates, purchase products as a member or as a guest, or sign up for and participate in any contests, sweepstakes, and promotions we provide.
We collect your personal information for business and commercial purposes, including to provide and improve our services,complete the transactions you request, create and manage your account, and respond to your requests and other customerservice communications.
You may submit a request by:
Sending an email to privacy@myregistry.com titled “Privacy Request,” indicating the request and specifying whetherthe purpose of such request is to know what personal information we have or to delete such personal information. Youmust include your first name, last name, and email address and specify the type of request you desire. We cannot startthe response procedure if we do not have all of this information. Upon submission of the email, you will receive areceipt of notice that will prompt you to verify your email. To protect your privacy, we are required by law to firstverify your identity prior to granting access to your data.
Calling our customer care team at 201-886-1000 to let us know you would like to make a privacy request. Our customercare team is available 7 days a week from 8:00AM to midnight and is happy to help. You will be prompted to provide usan email address that you may have used on our Platform. After giving us a call, please monitor your email for averification message. To protect your privacy, we are required by law to first verify your identity prior to grantingaccess to your data.
We do not usually seek to collect your sensitive personal information (i.e., data relating to your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport numbers; non-MyRegistry account username or number or financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with credentials allowing access to such accounts; racial or ethnic origin; immigration or citizenship status; religious or philosophical beliefs; trade union membership; genetic or biometric data for identification purposes; precise geolocation; political opinions; medical or health conditions; or sex life or sexual orientation. Sensitive personal information also includes the contents of your personal mail, email, or text messages unless we are the intended recipient). We will obtain your explicit consent to collect and use such information where required by law.
Our services are not intended for children under the age of 18. MyRegistry does not target our services to children under 18. To request removal of content or information, please send an email or contact our Customer care team.
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents who have an established business relationship with MyRegistrymay choose to opt out of our sharing your Personal Information with third parties for direct marketing purposes by unsubscribingto our email list. If you are a Member, you may unsubscribe directly from your account settings page. If you are a Guest, youmay do so by clicking the “unsubscribe” link located in the footer of an email from us. If you are a California resident and(1) you wish to opt out; or (2) you wish to request certain information regarding our disclosure of your Personal Informationto third parties for direct marketing purposes, please email
privacy@myregistry.com
with “Privacy Policy” in the subject line, or call us at 201-886-1000 to speak with our customer care team.
In addition, MyRegistry does not monitor, recognize, or honor any opt-out or do not track mechanisms, including general web browser “Do Not Track” settings and/or signals.
For those within the European Economic Area (EEA), the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that went into effect onMay 25, 2018 has afforded you certain rights to your personal data. These rights are as follows: (a) the right to accessany personal information being held about you, (b) the right to have any personal information being held about youpermanently deleted (provided that the information is not required to comply with a legal obligation or to exercisea legal claim), (c) the right to rectify any inaccurate personal information without undue delay, (d) the right torestrict processing of your personal information (provided that processing is not required to comply with a legalobligation or exercise a legal claim), (e) the right to request transfer of your personal information directly to athird party if technically feasible, and (f) the right to object to processing of any personal data at any time.
Our company has a process to handle any concerns to ensure resolutions.
For any complaint related to our services or website, you may raise a query to:
Point Person: Deep Desai
Email Address: Privacy@myregistry.com
All users can object to the processing of personal information for the purposes of direct marketing at any time, free of charge.
If you feel that we are not adhering to the GDPR or our Privacy Policy at any time, you have the right to file a complaint with an EU Data Protection Authority.
MyRegistry.com will only use the information collected from and about you on the following lawful grounds:
Use is necessary to perform a contract we have entered into or are about to enter into with you;
Use is necessary for our legitimate business interests;
Compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation is required; or
Where consent has been provided (which can be withdrawn at any time)
If none of these conditions will be satisfied by the use of your personal information, then such information will be permanently deleted from our system accordingly.
In addition to the personal information you provide to us, we may also use publicly available information as well as information gathered from you by third parties to improve your shopping experience, inform you about new products or promotions, or for any other legitimate business purpose.
All users of MyRegistry.com have the right to request that any and all Personally Identifiable Information (PII) associated with their account be erased. Once a data subject access request (DSAR) is filed and customer identity is verified, the Company must respond to and fulfill such request within 30 days. When an account is “erased,” all PII associated with the account will be permanently deleted, leaving the existence of an anonymous account solely for the purpose of maintaining proper transactional records. The right to erasure strictly pertains to PII, and it must be explicitly understood that transactional history will not be deleted from the Company’s records for any reason. The right to erasure exists to protect users of websites from having their PII stored, transferred, or otherwise utilized by another entity in any manner without proper consent. It will not extend so far as to limit the financial responsibilities and legal obligations that MyRegistry.com has to its customers, employees, partners, and the authorities.
When MyRegistry.com members sign up through one of our software partners, we begin sharing customer data with that partner. While we are directly responsible for our handling of your information, users must be aware that our partners also store customer information for their own business purposes. Therefore, when a member desires to invoke their right to erasure, the member must send deletion requests to any partner websites they signed up through as well as to MyRegistry.com to have the totality of their data erased.
Members or guests of MyRegistry.com who elect to have their PII deleted from our system may do so by contacting
privacy@myregistry.com
.
All users of MyRegistry.com have the undeniable right to ask about and obtain a complete and accurate report on the data being stored about them. If you would like to request a report on the data we are storing about you, email us at
privacy@myregistry.com
.
It is against our policy to send PII without proper safeguards. When a user requests a report on the data being stored about them, certain guidelines must be followed:
A DSAR (Data Subject Access Request) must be sent by the user whose information is being requested to
privacy@myregistry.com
.
The user’s identity must be verified by the submission of a photo ID that clearly shows the user’s legal name. (This is so we can match the name on the photo ID with the name on the MyRegistry.com account.)
MyRegistry.com will send the user an encrypted, password-protected email containing the PII requested.
MyRegistry.com will send the user a separate email containing the password that unlocks the encrypted PII in the email.
If you create a wedding registry with us, you consent to us posting the names of both yourself and any other name that you provided onour website. This information may unwittingly reveal your sexual orientation to website visitors.If you wish to limit access to this information, you have the option to password-protect your account so thatonly individuals with your password will be able to view your wedding registry. You can find this option underthe "Visitor setup" section in our "Settings" menu.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date stated at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. You can know if this privacy policy has changed since the last time you viewed it by checking it on a regular basis. If we make a material change to the Policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. By accessing the Website and/or using the Platform after we make any such changes to this Privacy Policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes. Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, our use of the Information is governed by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collect the Information.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact MyRegistry via email at
customercare@myregistry.com
with “Privacy Policy” in the subject line.
This Privacy Statement is effective July 17, 2023.
Last Updated
: 07/17/2023