Moneydance
SyncSpace
Blog
Help
Hire
Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 17, 2021
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Moneydance
Business
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers' personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers' personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers' personal information, that does business in the State of California.
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to The Infinite Kind Limited, 11 Great Stuart Street, Edinburgh.
For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Consumer
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural person who is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
Country
refers to:  United Kingdom
Data Controller
, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Do Not Track
(DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Facebook Fan Page
is a public profile named MoneydanceApp specifically created by the Company on the Facebook social network, accessible from
https://facebook.com/MoneydanceApp
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Sale
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer's personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Service
refers to the Application.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Bank account information in order to pay for products and/or services within the Service
Usage Data
When You pay for a product and/or a service via bank transfer, We may ask You to provide information to facilitate this transaction and to verify Your identity. Such information may include, without limitation:
Date of birth
Passport or National ID card
Bank card statement
Other information linking You to an address
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service, for payment processing,  to contact You.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honour this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
With Your consent
: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.
Email Marketing
We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.
We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.
Campaign Monitor
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.campaignmonitor.com/policies/#privacy-policy
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
PayPal
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
FastSpring
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
http://fastspring.com/privacy/
Paddle
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://paddle.com/privacy/
When You use Our Service to pay a product and/or service via bank transfer, We may ask You to provide information to facilitate this transaction and to verify Your identity.
Usage, Performance and Miscellaneous
We may use third-party Service Providers to provide better improvement of our Service.
FreshDesk
FreshDesk is a customer support software. The service is operated by Freshworks, Inc.
FreshDesk service may collect information from Your Device.
The information gathered by FreshDesk is held in accordance with its Privacy Policy:
https://www.freshworks.com/privacy/
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent:
You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract:
Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests:
Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data.
The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.
We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting Us. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You as soon as possible.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.
Facebook Fan Page
Data Controller for the Facebook Fan Page
The Company is the Data Controller of Your Personal Data collected while using the Service. As operator of the Facebook Fan Page
https://facebook.com/MoneydanceApp
, the Company and the operator of the social network Facebook are Joint Controllers.
The Company has entered into agreements with Facebook that define the terms for use of the Facebook Fan Page, among other things. These terms are mostly based on the Facebook Terms of Service:
https://www.facebook.com/terms.php
Visit the Facebook Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
for more information about how Facebook manages Personal data or contact Facebook online, or by mail: Facebook, Inc. ATTN, Privacy Operations, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States.
Facebook Insights
We use the Facebook Insights function in connection with the operation of the Facebook Fan Page and on the basis of the GDPR, in order to obtain anonymized statistical data about Our users.
For this purpose, Facebook places a Cookie on the device of the user visiting Our Facebook Fan Page. Each Cookie contains a unique identifier code and remains active for a period of two years, except when it is deleted before the end of this period.
Facebook receives, records and processes the information stored in the Cookie, especially when the user visits the Facebook services, services that are provided by other members of the Facebook Fan Page and services by other companies that use Facebook services.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook Privacy Policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
CCPA Privacy
This privacy notice section for California residents supplements the information contained in Our Privacy Policy and it applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Consumer or Device. The following is a list of categories of personal information which we may collect or may have been collected from California residents within the last twelve (12) months.
Please note that the categories and examples provided in the list below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact collected by Us, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been collected. For example, certain categories of personal information would only be collected if You provided such personal information directly to Us.
Category A: Identifiers.
Examples: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Collected: Yes.
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Examples: A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Collected: Yes.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Examples: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Collected: No.
Category D: Commercial information.
Examples: Records and history of products or services purchased or considered.
Collected: Yes.
Category E: Biometric information.
Examples: Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
Collected: No.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Examples: Interaction with our Service or advertisement.
Collected: Yes.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Examples: Approximate physical location.
Collected: No.
Category H: Sensory data.
Examples: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Collected: No.
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
Examples: Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Collected: No.
Category J: Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Examples: Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Collected: No.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Examples: Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Collected: No.
Under CCPA, personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, such as:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data
Personal Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994
Sources of Personal Information
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You
. For example, from the forms You complete on our Service, preferences You express or provide through our Service, or from Your purchases on our Service.
Indirectly from You
. For example, from observing Your activity on our Service.
Automatically from You
. For example, through cookies We or our Service Providers set on Your Device as You navigate through our Service.
From Service Providers
. For example, third-party vendors for payment processing,  or other third-party vendors that We use to provide the Service to You.
Use of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose personal information We collect for "business purposes" or "commercial purposes" (as defined under the CCPA), which may include the following examples:
To operate our Service and provide You with our Service.
To provide You with support and to respond to Your inquiries, including to investigate and address Your concerns and monitor and improve our Service.
To fulfill or meet the reason You provided the information. For example, if You share Your contact information to ask a question about our Service, We will use that personal information to respond to Your inquiry. If You provide Your personal information to purchase a product or service, We will use that information to process Your payment and facilitate delivery.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to You when collecting Your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
For internal administrative and auditing purposes.
To detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Please note that the examples provided above are illustrative and not intended to be exhaustive. For more details on how we use this information, please refer to the "Use of Your Personal Data" section.
If We decide to collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information We collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes We will update this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose and may have used or disclosed in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Please note that the categories listed above are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact disclosed, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been disclosed.
When We disclose personal information for a business purpose or a commercial purpose, We enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Sale of Personal Information
As defined in the CCPA, "sell" and "sale" mean selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information by the business to a third party for valuable consideration. This means that We may have received some kind of benefit in return for sharing personal information, but not necessarily a monetary benefit.
Please note that the categories listed below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact sold, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been shared for value in return.
We may sell and may have sold in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Share of Personal Information
We may share Your personal information identified in the above categories with the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers
Payment processors
Our affiliates
Our business partners
Third party vendors to whom You or Your agents authorize Us to disclose Your personal information in connection with products or services We provide to You
Sale of Personal Information of Minors Under 16 Years of Age
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under the age of 16 through our Service, although certain third party websites that we link to may do so. These third-party websites have their own terms of use and privacy policies and we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and instruct their children to never provide information on other websites without their permission.
We do not sell the personal information of Consumers We actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless We receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the Consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a Consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to the sale of personal information may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, You (or Your authorized representative) may submit a request to Us by contacting Us.
If You have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 (or 16) has provided Us with personal information, please contact Us with sufficient detail to enable Us to delete that information.
Your Rights under the CCPA
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. If You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:
The right to notice.
You have the right to be notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to request.
Under CCPA, You have the right to request that We disclose information to You about Our collection, use, sale, disclosure for business purposes and share of personal information. Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will disclose to You:
The categories of personal information We collected about You
The categories of sources for the personal information We collected about You
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information
The categories of third parties with whom We share that personal information
The specific pieces of personal information We collected about You
If we sold Your personal information or disclosed Your personal information for a business purpose, We will disclose to You:
The categories of personal information categories sold
The categories of personal information categories disclosed
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data (opt-out).
You have the right to direct Us to not sell Your personal information. To submit an opt-out request please contact Us.
The right to delete Personal Data.
You have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data, subject to certain exceptions. Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will delete (and direct Our Service Providers to delete) Your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny Your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for Us or Our Service Providers to:
Complete the transaction for which We collected the personal information, provide a good or service that You requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with You, or otherwise perform our contract with You.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if You previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on Your relationship with Us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which You provided it.
The right not to be discriminated against.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your consumer's rights, including by:
Denying goods or services to You
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You
Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us:
By email: support@infinitekind.com
Only You, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that You authorize to act on Your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to Your personal information.
Your request to Us must:
Provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify You are the person about whom We collected personal information or an authorized representative
Describe Your request with sufficient detail that allows Us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it
We cannot respond to Your request or provide You with the required information if we cannot:
Verify Your identity or authority to make the request
And confirm that the personal information relates to You
We will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonable necessary and with prior notice.
Any disclosures We provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable request's receipt.
For data portability requests, We will select a format to provide Your personal information that is readily useable and should allow You to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of Your personal information. Once We receive and confirm a verifiable consumer request from You, we will stop selling Your personal information. To exercise Your right to opt-out, please contact Us.
"Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.
Your California Privacy Rights (California's Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
If you'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account.
Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
Questions about this privacy policy? Please get in touch at
support@infinitekind.com
and we’ll be happy to answer them!
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.campaignmonitor.com/policies/#privacy-policy:
403 Forbidden
nginx
Sub-policy 1
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Nazaj na domačo stran
PayPalova izjava o zasebnosti
1. Pregled
2. PayPal v vlogi upravljavca podatkov
3. Osebe, ki niso imetniki računa
4. Kategorije osebnih podatkov, ki jih zbiramo o vas
5. Katere osebne podatke uporabljamo in kakšna je pravna podlaga?
6. Ali delimo osebne podatke in zakaj?
7. Kako dolgo PayPal shranjuje vaše osebne podatke?
8. Mednarodni prenosi osebnih podatkov
9. Kako uporabljamo piškotke in tehnologije za sledenje?
10. Vaše pravice do varstva podatkov
11. Posebne informacije o avtomatiziranem sprejemanju odločitev in profiliranju
12. Zakaj delimo vaše osebne podatke z agencijami za ocenjevanje kreditne sposobnosti?
13. Kako ščitimo vaše osebne podatke?
14. Ali lahko otroci uporabljajo naše storitve?
15. Posodobitve te Izjave o zasebnosti.
16. Obvestilo o bančnih predpisih za uporabnike v EGP in Združenem kraljestvu
17. Opredelitve
18. Naši podatki za stik
Prenesi PDF za tiskanje
PayPalova izjava o zasebnosti
Nazadnje posodobljeno dne 15. april 2024
Če imate kakršna koli vprašanja v zvezi s to Izjavo o zasebnosti ali na splošno glede vaših osebnih podatkov, stopite v stik z nami. Vaši podatki se bodo uporabljali za zagotavljanje storitev ter v skladu s to Izjavo o zasebnosti in ustrezno PayPalovo
uporabniško pogodbo
.
1. Pregled
Cilj te Izjave o zasebnosti je zagotoviti zadostne informacije o naši uporabi vaših osebnih podatkov, ko obiščete naše spletno mesto, se prijavite na naše storitve ali jih uporabljate (skupno imenovane »
storitve
«). Priporočamo, da preberete to Izjavo o zasebnosti in si z njo pomagate pri sprejemanju informiranih odločitev.
Nekateri ključni izrazi, ki so lahko zapisani z veliko začetnico in niso drugače opredeljeni v Izjavi, so pojasnjeni v 17. razdelku (»
Opredelitve
«) na koncu te izjave.
2. PayPal v vlogi upravljavca podatkov
V Evropskem gospodarskem prostoru (EGP) je družba
PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et CIE, S.C.A.
upravljavec podatkov za osebne podatke, zbrane in obdelane v zvezi z osebnimi podatki, ki jih pridobimo ob vašem obisku našega spletnega mesta, med postopkom registracije in vloge ter med vašo nadaljnjo uporabo storitev.
Vsak sklic na »mi«, »naše«, »nas«, »
PayPal
« ali »družbe
PayPal
«, ki se pojavi v tej Izjavi o zasebnosti, pomeni družbo PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et CIE, S.C.A., in skupino družb, ki so pod njenim neposrednim ali posrednim nadzorom, ki nadzorujejo družbo PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et CIE, S.C.A., ali imajo skupne lastnike.
Nekatere tretje osebe, s katerimi delimo osebne podatke, so neodvisni upravljavci podatkov. To pomeni, da tega, kako bodo obdelani podatki, ki jih delimo, ne določamo mi. Takšni primeri so organi, uradi za ocenjevanje kreditne sposobnosti, pridobitelji in druge finančne institucije. Ko bomo vaše podatke delili z neodvisnimi upravljavci podatkov, bodo veljali njihovi pravilniki o podatkih. Priporočamo, da preberete njihove pravilnike o zasebnosti in se seznanite s svojimi pravicami glede zasebnosti, preden imate interakcijo z njimi.
Za več informacij o tem, kako ščitimo vaše osebne podatke pri prenosu izven EGP, Združenega kraljestva in Švice, glejte 8. razdelek (»
Mednarodni prenosi osebnih podatkov«
).
3. Osebe, ki niso imetniki računa
Dostop do naših storitev imajo lahko tudi posamezniki brez PayPalovega računa ali profila. Vaše osebne podatke bomo zbirali tudi, če niste imetnik računa, kadar uporabljate naše storitve, na primer ko uporabljate naše storitve brez PayPalovega računa, uporabljate plačilne storitve brez blagovne znamke (npr. Braintree) ali ko prejmete plačilo od imetnikov računov prek naših storitev (»prejemnik«). Izraz »uporabnik« uporabljamo za imetnike računov in osebe, ki niso imetniki računa. Če niste imetnik računa, bodo vaši osebni podatki uporabljeni za zagotavljanje storitev ter v skladu s to Izjavo o zasebnosti in ustrezno PayPalovo
uporabniško pogodbo
.
4. Kategorije osebnih podatkov, ki jih zbiramo o vas
Naslednje kategorije podatkov o vas zbiramo, da zagotavljamo naše storitve, stalno izboljšujemo uporabniško izkušnjo ter upravljamo in izboljšujemo naše poslovanje. Vrste osebnih podatkov, ki jih zbiramo o vas, so opisane spodaj.
Kategorije osebnih podatkov,
zbranih od vas
, vključno z vašimi interakcijami z nami in uporabo storitev:
Podatki za registracijo in stik
. Odvisno od storitev, ki jih izberete, bomo zbrali vaše ime, poštni naslov, e-poštni naslov, informacije o dohodku, telefonsko številko, davčno številko, informacije o plačilu, poklicu, zaposlitvi ali poslovne informacije ter druge informacije, ki so potrebne za vzpostavitev računa in uporabo naših storitev.
Podatki o identifikaciji in podpisu
. Odvisno od storitev, ki jih izberete, bomo zbirali podatke za preverjanje vašega imena, naslova, e-poštnega naslova, telefonske številke, uradnega osebnega dokumenta, starosti in biometričnih podatkov ter za ustvarjanje in izdajanje vašega e-podpisa.
Podatki o plačilu
. Podatki, kot so znesek, ki ga pošljete ali zahtevate, plačilni instrument, kartica ali finančni račun ali račun za financiranje, ki se uporablja v zvezi s storitvami, vključno z imenom izdajatelja, vrsto kartice, kodo države, številko plačilnega računa, kodo CVV, uporabniškim imenom in podatki o številki IBAN.
Podatki o uvoženih stikih
. Če se odločite za uvoz seznamov stikov, bomo zbirali podatke, ki jih vnesete ali uvozite o svojih stikih, kot so ime, naslov, telefonska številka, slike, e-poštni naslov ali uporabniška imena, povezana s stiki, ki jih uvozite ali vnesete ročno.
Podatki v vašem profilu računa
.Podatki, ki se jih odločite vnesti, kot so vaše uporabniško ime, e-poštni naslov, številka mobilnega telefona, slika profila, prednostni jezik ali osebni opis, ki lahko vključujejo občutljive osebne podatke, ki razkrivajo verska prepričanja, politična ali filozofska prepričanja, invalidnost, spolno usmerjenost in biometrične podatke. Svoj profil lahko kadar koli nastavite na »Zasebno«.
Podatki, ki jih posredujete, ko stopite v stik z nami
. Podatki, ki jih razkrijete, ko odgovorite na ankete ali stopite v stik z našimi ekipami iz službe za pomoč strankam, kot so storitve, ki ste jih uporabili, zabeleženi pogovori, pogovori z nami v klepetu, e-poštna korespondenca z nami, stanje računa, zgodovina odplačil, glasovna identifikacija. To lahko vključuje podatke o drugih, če se odločite, da jih boste delili z nami.
Podatki o napravi
. Podatki, ki jih je mogoče samodejno pridobiti iz katere koli naprave, ki se uporablja za dostop do spletnega mesta ali storitev. Ti podatki lahko med drugim vključujejo podatke o vrsti naprave in omrežni povezavi naprave, ime naprave, naslov IP naprave, informacije o spletnem brskalniku in internetni povezavi, ki ju uporabljate za dostop do spletnega mesta ali storitev v napravi, podatke o geolokaciji, informacije o aplikacijah, ki jih prenesete v napravo, in biometrične podatke.
Izpeljani podatki.
Ko uporabljate storitve, lahko izpeljemo nekatere podatke na podlagi vaših transakcij in osebnih podatkov. To na primer storimo za zaščito vašega računa in uporabe storitev pred goljufijami. Izpeljemo lahko podatke, ki odražajo vaše vzorce vedenja in osebne preference, spletne in nakupovalne navade ter kreditno sposobnost.
Kategorije osebnih podatkov,
zbranih od tretjih oseb
, vključno s ponudniki za preverjanje identitete, posredniki podatkov, ponudniki, ki nam pomagajo pri odkrivanju goljufij, vašo banko, trgovci ali platformami tretjih oseb, s katerimi ste v stiku pri uporabi naših storitev:
Informacije iz povezanih računov tretjih oseb
. Če se odločite za povezavo nefinančnega ali finančnega računa, kot so vaš osebni e-poštni naslov, račun na družbenem omrežju oziroma bančni ali kreditni račun, bomo zbirali informacije, ki so skladne z razkritim namenom, za katerega je bil povezan. Če se na primer odločite za sodelovanje v
storitvi odprtega bančništva
, bomo iz povezanih računov zbirali poverilnice za račun ter podatke o stanju na računu, transakcijah na računu in vašem finančnem stanju. Glede uporabe te funkcije si lahko kadar koli premislite in prekličete povezavo s povezanimi računi.
Informacije iz agencij za poročanje o kreditni sposobnosti
. Kadar to dovoljuje zakon, zbiramo informacije, povezane s kreditno sposobnostjo, kot so neporavnani in pretekli dolgovi, zgodovina odplačil, predhodne odobritve kredita, trenutno delovno razmerje in razmerje z drugimi finančnimi institucijami v okviru vaše uporabe naših storitev.
Podatki o transakciji
. Podatki o podrobnostih naročila in nakupih, kot so opis artikla, količina, cena, valuta, naslov za dostavo, podatki o spletni nakupovalni košarici, podatki o prodajalcu in kupcu ter podatki o plačilu. To vključuje podatke iz vaših transakcij, kadar uporabljate naše storitve brez PayPalovega računa (npr. če izberete zaključek nakupa kot gost).
Informacije, povezane s pravnimi zahtevami
. Skladno z veljavno zakonodajo (npr. zakoni o preprečevanju pranja denarja) lahko to vključuje informacije z zunanjih seznamov sankcij, kot so ime, datum rojstva, kraj rojstva, poklic in razlog, zakaj je oseba na zadevnem seznamu.
Aplikacije tretjih oseb
. Informacije od drugih o vaši uporabi aplikacij tretjih oseb, kot sta trgovini z aplikacijami Apple App Store ali Google Play Store, spletna mesta družbenih omrežij, npr. ime, ID vašega družbenega omrežja, podatki o lokaciji, e-poštni naslov, ID naprave, ID brskalnika in slika profila. Za vašo uporabo aplikacij tretjih oseb veljajo obvestilo o zasebnosti in pogoji storitve za te aplikacije.
Kategorije osebnih podatkov, ki so samodejno zbrane o vas, vključno prek dostopa do našega spletnega mesta ali mobilne aplikacije, iz piškotkov in podobnih tehnologij za sledenje ter vaših naprav:
Tehnični podatki o uporabi
. Podatki o odzivnem času za spletne strani, napakah pri prenosu ter datumu in času uporabe storitve, kot so naslov IP, statistični podatki o načinu nalaganja ali ogleda strani, spletna mesta, ki ste jih obiskali, preden ste prišli na naša spletna mesta, ter drugi podatki o uporabi in brskanju, zbrani prek piškotkov (»
Tehnični podatki o uporabi
«).
Podatki iz vaše naprave
. Informacije o nastavitvah jezika, naslovu IP, ID-ju brskalnika, ID-ju naprave, nastavitvah piškotkov, časovnem pasu, operacijskem sistemu, platformi, ločljivosti zaslona in podobne informacije o nastavitvah naprave ter podatki, zbrani iz piškotkov ali drugih tehnologij za sledenje.
Podatki o lokaciji
. Podatki na podlagi geolokacije, ki temelji na naslovu IP, kot so podatki o geografski širini in dolžini ter informacije o globalnih sistemih za pozicioniranje (GPS), kadar nam podate dovoljenje v nastavitvah vaše naprave.
Izpeljani podatki
. Izpeljani podatki, na podlagi katerih ustvarimo profil o vas, ki lahko odraža vzorce vedenja in osebne preference, kot so spol, dohodek, spletne in nakupovalne navade ter kreditna sposobnost.
5. Katere osebne podatke uporabljamo in kakšna je pravna podlaga?
Vaše osebne podatke lahko
obdelujemo
iz različnih razlogov, ki so dovoljeni v skladu z zakoni o varstvu podatkov, ki veljajo v Evropski uniji (EU), Združenem kraljestvu (ZK) in Švici, ter v skladu s spodnjimi zakonitimi podlagami:
Zbiramo naslednje osebne podatke, ki se nam zdijo
potrebni za izpolnitev naših predpogodbenih in pogodbenih obveznosti
do vas in brez katerih ne boste mogli uporabljati storitev.
Kategorije potrebnih osebnih podatkov vključujejo naslednje:
Podatki za registracijo in stik
Podatki o identifikaciji in podpisu
Podatki o plačilu
Informacije, povezane s pravnimi zahtevami
Podatki, ki jih posredujete, ko stopite v stik z nami
Podatki o transakciji
Sledenje paketom
Osebni podatki, specifični za storitev
Podatki iz agencij za poročanje o kreditni sposobnosti in finančnih institucij
Podatki iz vaših povezanih finančnih računov
Podatki iz vaše uporabe storitev
Tehnični podatki o uporabi
Podatki o napravi
Podatki o lokaciji
Te dejavnosti vključujejo naslednje
:
zagotavljanje naših storitev, izpolnjevanje ustreznih dogovorov z vami in drugo upravljanje poslovnih odnosov z vami;
upravljanje vašega plačila za izdelke in razmerja s stranko;
ocenjevanje vaše kreditne sposobnosti v zvezi z vašo vlogo, potrditev vaše identitete in podatkov za stik ter zaščita vas in drugih pred goljufijami;
potrditev vaše identitete, tudi z uporabo e-podpisa, in preverjanje vaših osebnih podatkov in podatkov za stik;
dokazovanje, da so bile transakcije opravljene;
ugotavljanje, uveljavljanje ali zagovarjanje pravnega zahtevka ali postopkov izterjave;
zagotavljanje skladnosti z notranjimi postopki;
ocenjevanje, katere možnosti plačila in storitve vam lahko ponudimo, na primer z izvajanjem notranjih in zunanjih ocen kreditne sposobnosti;
analiza strank za upravljanje storitev in notranje postopke, kot so odpravljanje težav, analiza podatkov, izvajanje preizkusov, raziskave in statistični nameni;
komunikacija z vami glede naših storitev;
zagotavljanje skladnosti z veljavno zakonodajo EU in držav članic, kot so zakoni o preprečevanju pranja denarja in knjigovodstvu ter pravila, ki jih izdajo določene banke in ustrezne kartične sheme.
Imamo zakoniti interes, da zagotovimo, da PayPal ostane varna finančna storitev in še naprej ponuja storitve, ki so inovativne in zanimive za vas. Tako delujemo, ko
vaša pravica, da ne obdelujemo vaših podatkov v ta namen, ne pretehta nad našimi zakonitimi interesi
.
Te dejavnosti vključujejo naslednje:
zagotavljanje, da je vsebina za vas in v vaši napravi predstavljena na najbolj učinkovit način;
preprečevanje zlorab naših storitev v okviru naših prizadevanj za ohranjanje varnosti naše platforme;
ugotavljanje vaše upravičenosti do storitev in komunikacija z vami o storitvah, za katere lahko izpolnjujete pogoje ali ki so lahko zanimive za vas, na primer z izvajanjem notranjih ocen kreditne sposobnosti;
izvajanje analiz tveganja, preprečevanje goljufij in obvladovanje tveganja;
izboljšanje naših storitev in za splošne namene poslovnega razvoja, npr. izboljšanje modelov tveganja, da zmanjšamo goljufije, razvijamo nove izdelke in funkcije ter raziščemo nove poslovne priložnost;
ohranjanje vašega računa in finančnih informacij posodobljenih;
trženje, analiza izdelkov in strank, vključno s preizkušanji, na primer za izboljšanje naše ponudbe izdelkov in optimizacijo ponudb za stranke;
zagotavljanje skladnosti z veljavnimi zakoni, kot so zakoni o preprečevanju pranja denarja in knjigovodstvu ter regulativne zahteve glede kapitalske ustreznosti, in s pravili, ki jih izdajo določene banke in ustrezne kartične sheme. Na primer pri obdelavi osebnih podatkov za potrebe poznavanja strank ter za preprečevanje, odkrivanje in preiskovanje dejavnosti pranja denarja, financiranja terorizma in goljufij. Izvajamo tudi preglede sankcij ter poročamo davčnim organom, policiji, izvršilnim organom in nadzornim organom, kjer nas zakonodaja EU in držav članic k temu ne obvezuje, vendar delujemo v dobri veri, da je izmenjava informacij potrebna za ravnanje v skladu z veljavno zakonodajo;
omogočanje vašega sodelovanja pri tekmovanjih, ponudbah in dogodkih;
izvajanje obveznosti glede upravljanja finančnih tveganj, kot so kreditna uspešnost in kakovost, zavarovalna tveganja in skladnost z zahtevami glede kapitalske ustreznosti v skladu z veljavno zakonodajo;
obdelava podatkov o vaših stikih, da jih boste lažje našli in se povezali z njimi ter izboljšali točnost plačil.
S posredovanjem podatkov o vaših stikih potrjujete, da imate dovoljenje za posredovanje teh podatkov družbi PayPal za namene, opisane v tej Izjavi o zasebnosti
;
zagotavljanje informacij, novic in trženja o naših storitvah, vključno v primerih, v katerih sodelujemo z drugimi, da ponujamo podobne storitve;
povezovanje podatkov o vas, da bi prepoznali vašo uporabo storitev brez PayPalovega računa (npr. plačila brez PayPalovega računa) ali plačilnih storitev brez blagovne znamke (npr. Braintree) in te transakcije povezali z vašim računom, če ga že imate ali ga ustvarite pozneje;
shranjevanje vaših nastavitev za naslednjič, ko boste uporabljali storitve, npr. katerega od načinov plačila imate raje oziroma ali želite prejemati digitalna potrdila po e-pošti ali SMS-u, ko zaključite nakup.
V skladu z zakonodajo EU in držav članic imamo pravno obveznost za opravljanje nekaterih dejavnosti obdelave.
Tako delujemo, ko je to potrebno za ravnanje v skladu z veljavno zakonodajo
.
Te dejavnosti vključujejo naslednje:
zagotavljanje naših storitev in izdelkov;
potrjevanje vaše identitete, tudi za namene podpisa, ter preverjanje vaših osebnih podatkov in podatkov za stik;
ugotavljanje, uveljavljanje ali zagovarjanje pravnega zahtevka ali postopkov izterjave;
preprečevanje zlorab naših storitev v okviru naših prizadevanj za ohranjanje varnosti naše platforme;
izvajanje analiz tveganja, preprečevanje goljufij in obvladovanje tveganja;
ravnanje v skladu z veljavnimi zakoni, kot so zakoni o preprečevanju pranja denarja in knjigovodstvu ter regulativne zahteve glede kapitalske ustreznosti, in s pravili, ki jih izdajo določene banke in ustrezne kartične sheme. Na primer pri obdelavi osebnih podatkov za potrebe poznavanja strank ter za preprečevanje, odkrivanje in preiskovanje dejavnosti pranja denarja, financiranja terorizma in goljufij. Izvajamo tudi preglede sankcij ter poročamo davčnim organom, policiji, izvršilnim organom in nadzornim organom.
Zanašamo se na vaše izrecno in prostovoljno soglasje
za obdelavo vaših osebnih podatkov za sodelovanje v nekaterih funkcijah, ki sicer niso potrebne za uporabo storitev, vendar so lahko za vas zanimive, na primer sinhronizacija seznama stikov z vašim računom, zagotavljanje biometričnih podatkov, ciljno oglaševanje, povezava vašega e-naslova za sledenje paketom ali povezava s platformo tretje osebe. O uporabi teh funkcij se lahko kadar koli premislite v nastavitvah računa. Upoštevajte, da preklic soglasja ne bo vplival na zakonitost obdelave, ki smo jo opravili pred vašim preklicem. Več informacij o vaši pravici do preklica soglasja najdete v oddelku 10 (“
Vaše pravice do varstva podatkov
”).
6. Ali delimo osebne podatke in zakaj?
Vaše osebne podatke bomo delili s tretjimi osebami, kadar za to obstaja zakonita podlaga.
To vključuje naslednje:
Druge družbe PayPal
, da vam zagotovimo storitve in za naše zakonite interese pri vodenju našega poslovanja. Ti interesi so podrobneje opisani v 5. razdelku (»
Katere osebne podatke uporabljamo in za katero pravno podlago?
«)
. Družba PayPal, ki prejme vaše osebne podatke, jih bo obdelovala v skladu s to Izjavo o zasebnosti.
Organi
, in sicer v obsegu, v katerem smo zakonsko obvezani. Takšni organi vključujejo davčne organe, policijo, izvršilne organe in nadzorne organe v zadevnih državah. Morda bomo morali pristojnim organom, na primer davčnim organom, posredovati tudi informacije o vaši uporabi naših storitev, kar lahko vključuje vaše ime, naslov in podatke o transakcijah s karticami, ki jih obdelujemo v vašem imenu prek naših storitev. Pravna podlaga za izpolnjevanje obveznosti razkritja v skladu z zakonodajo EU in držav članic je pravna obveznost in, kadar delujemo v skladu z zakonodajo zunaj EU in zunaj države članice, delujemo na podlagi našega zakonitega interesa, da ravnamo v skladu z zadevno zakonodajo za preprečevanje nezakonitih ravnanj.
Druge finančne institucije in kartične sheme
, na primer za lažje obdelavo plačil, skupno ponujanje izdelka ali dodajanje kartic v vašo elektronsko denarnico. Pravna podlaga za razkritje podatkov je izvajanje naše pogodbe z vami. Ti subjekti lahko dostopajo do vaših osebnih podatkov tudi za druge zakonite namene, kot so preverjanje identifikacije, preprečevanje goljufij in upravljanje tveganj. Pravna podlaga za to obdelavo je zakoniti interes nas in naših partnerjev, da preprečujemo goljufivo in nezakonito ravnanje.
Agencije za preprečevanje goljufij in preverjanje identitete
, na primer z zagotavljanjem pomoči pri odkrivanju dejavnosti, ki kažejo na goljufije. Pravna podlaga za to obdelavo je zakoniti interes nas in naših partnerjev, da preprečujemo goljufivo in nezakonito ravnanje.
Agencije za izterjavo dolgov
, na primer za izterjavo neplačanih dolgov prek tretje osebe, kot je agencija za izterjavo dolgov. To storimo na podlagi našega zakonitega interesa za vodenje poslovanja in izterjavo dolgov. Upoštevajte, da obvestilo o zasebnosti teh subjektov velja za obdelavo osebnih podatkov, ki jih delite neposredno z njimi, in da lahko prijavijo vaše neplačane dolgove agencijam za poročanje o kreditni sposobnosti, kar lahko vpliva na vašo kreditno sposobnost ali sposobnost za pridobitev kredita v prihodnosti.
Ponudniki storitev
, ki delujejo pod našim vodstvom in v našem imenu za opravljanje storitev, ki jim jih oddamo v zunanje izvajanje, kot so trženje, razvoj IT, vzdrževanje, gostovanje in storitve službe za pomoč strankam. Pravna podlaga za to obdelavo je izpolnjevanje naših pogodbenih obveznosti do vas.
Drugi uporabniki v skladu z nastavitvami vašega računa
. V skladu z nastavitvami računa lahko prikažete ali daste določene podatke na voljo drugim uporabnikom, na primer profilno fotografijo, ime in priimek, uporabniško ime ali mesto. Pravna podlaga za to obdelavo je vaše soglasje. Upoštevajte, da lahko nastavitve profila spremenite kadar koli in brez stroškov.
Finančne institucije v zvezi z vašim sodelovanjem v storitvi odprtega bančništva
, na primer ko vzpostavite povezavo računa z drugo banko, kartičnim računom ali agregatom. S tem preverimo, ali imate zadostna sredstva, oziroma potrdimo lastništvo računa. Ko se odločite, da boste povezali svoj račun, je pravna podlaga za dostop do podatkov o vašem računu izvajanje naših pogodbenih obveznosti do vas.
Partnerji in trgovci, njihovi ponudniki storitev in drugi, vključeni v transakcijo
, na primer pri uporabi storitev za začetek spletnih nakupov, plačilu drugim uporabnikom ali vračilu blaga lahko delimo informacije o vas in vašem računu z drugimi osebami, ki so udeležene pri obdelavi vaših transakcij. Pravni podlagi za to obdelavo sta izvajanje naših pogodbenih obveznosti do vas in naši zakoniti interesi. Upoštevajte, da za osebne podatke, ki jih delimo s partnerji in trgovci (ali njihovimi ponudniki storitev), ki so udeleženi v transakcijo, veljajo pravilniki in postopki zasebnosti partnerjev in trgovcev.
Tretje osebe, ki so neodvisni upravljavci podatkov
, na primer kadar delimo osebne podatke z agencijami za ocenjevanje kreditne sposobnosti, pridobitelji in drugimi finančnimi institucijami ali jih posredujemo varnostnim izdelkom, da botom preprečimo dostop do naših storitev.
Upoštevajte, da za obdelavo osebnih podatkov, ki jih delite neposredno s temi osebami, veljajo njihova obvestila o zasebnosti
. Storitev reCAPTCHA družbe Google na primer uporabljamo za preprečevanje zlorab naših storitev, ko dostopate do naše mobilne aplikacije.
Pravilnik o zasebnosti
in
Pogoji uporabe
družbe Google veljajo za obdelavo osebnih podatkov, ki jih delite z njo. Za več informacij, ki veljajo za agencije za ocenjevanje kreditne spodobnosti, s katerimi sodelujemo za oceno vaše kreditne sposobnosti, glejte 12. razdelek (»
Informativno obvestilo o agencijah za ocenjevanje kreditne sposobnosti
«).
Kupci ali v povezavi s prenosom poslovanja
, na primer če prodamo podjetje ali sredstva, lahko vaše osebne podatke delimo s kupcem tega podjetja ali sredstev. Če družbo PayPal ali velik del PayPalovih sredstev pridobi tretja oseba, prav tako lahko pride do deljenja osebnih podatkov. PayPal ima zakoniti interes, da lahko izvede te transakcije.
7. Kako dolgo PayPal shranjuje vaše osebne podatke?
Osebne podatke hranimo tako dolgo, kot je potrebno ali dovoljeno za namen, za katerega so bili zbrani, in v skladu z veljavno zakonodajo.
Merila, ki se uporabljajo za določitev obdobja hrambe, so naslednja:
Osebni podatki, ki se uporabljajo za stalno razmerje med vami in družbo PayPal, se shranjujejo za čas trajanja razmerja in nadaljnjih 10 let.
Osebni podatki v zvezi s pravno obveznostjo, ki nas zavezuje, se shranjujejo v skladu z veljavno zakonodajo, na primer v skladu z veljavnimi zakoni o stečajih ali obveznostmi glede preprečevanja pranja denarja.
Osebne podatke hranimo najkrajši potrebni čas, kadar je hramba priporočena zaradi pravdnih postopkov, preiskav, postopkov revizije in zagotavljanja skladnosti oziroma za zaščito pred pravnimi zahtevki.
8. Mednarodni prenosi osebnih podatkov
Delujemo v številnih državah in mi (ali naši ponudniki storitev) lahko vaše podatke premikamo in obdelujemo zunaj države, v kateri živite. Za obdelavo in shranjevanje vaših podatkov v Združenih državah in drugih državah uporabljamo ponudnike storitev, ki so tretje osebe. Te države ne zagotavljajo vedno enakovredne ravni varstva zasebnosti. V skladu z zakonodajo EU in ZK o varstvu podatkov smo vaše osebne podatke zaščitili s posebnimi ukrepi. Za prenose vaših osebnih podatkov znotraj družb PayPal se zanašamo na zavezujoča poslovna pravila, ki so jih odobrili pristojni nadzorni organi (na voljo
tukaj
). Drugi prenosi temeljijo na standardnih pogodbenih klavzulah, ki jih je odobrila Evropska komisija, kar pripomore k temu, da se za vaše podatke zagotovi visoka raven zaščite in da so spoštovane vaše pravice do zasebnosti.
9. Kako uporabljamo piškotke in tehnologije za sledenje?
Pri interakcijah z našimi storitvami, ko odprete naša e-poštna sporočila ali obiščete spletno mesto tretje osebe, za katero zagotavljamo storitve, mi in naši partnerji uporabljamo piškotke in druge tehnologije za sledenje, kot so oznake slikovnih pik, spletni svetilniki in pripomočki (skupaj imenovani »
piškotki
«), da vas prepoznamo kot uporabnika, prilagodimo vašo spletno izkušnjo in spletno vsebino, vključno z zagotavljanjem oglaševanja na podlagi zanimanj in izvajanjem analitike, zmanjšujemo tveganja in preprečujemo morebitne goljufije ter spodbujamo zaupanje in varnost na naših spletnih mestih in v storitvah. Nekateri vidiki in značilnosti naših storitev in spletnih mest so na voljo samo ob odobreni uporabi piškotkov, zato je lahko uporaba spletnih mest in storitev omejena ali onemogočena, če zavrnete določene piškotke.
Piškotke uporabljamo za zbiranje informacij o vaši napravi in internetni dejavnosti in za izpeljane podatke, kot je opisano zgoraj.
Piškotki nam omogočajo naslednje:
Shranjevanje vaših podatkov, da vam jih ni treba znova vnesti
Spremljanje in razumevanje tega, kako uporabljate naše spletne storitve in e-poštna sporočila oziroma kakšne so vaše interakcije z njimi
Prilagajanje naših spletnih storitev vašim željam
Izvajanje meritev, kako koristne in učinkovite so naše storitve in komunikacije za vas
Drugi postopki za upravljanje in izboljšanje naših izdelkov in storitev
Možnost »Ne sledi« (angl. »Do Not Track« oz. DNT) je izbirna nastavitev brskalnika, ki vam omogoča, da izrazite svoje želje o sledenju oglaševalcev in drugih tretjih oseb. Trenutno naša spletna mesta niso zasnovana tako, da bi upoštevala signale DNT ali podobne mehanizme iz brskalnikov.
Če želite izvedeti več o tem, kako uporabljamo piškotke, si preberite našo
Izjavo o piškotkih in tehnologijah za sledenje
.
10. Vaše pravice do varstva podatkov
V skladu z veljavno zakonodajo o varstvu podatkov imate določene pravice do nadzora nad našim zbiranjem in uporabo vaših osebnih podatkov. Vaše pravice vključujejo naslednje:
Dostop, popravek, izbris, ugovor, prenosljivost in omejitve vaših podatkov
Priznavamo pomembnost vaše možnosti nadzora uporabe vaših osebnih podatkov in zagotavljamo več načinov za uveljavljanje pravic do dostopa (pravica do seznanitve), popravka (popravek ali posodobitev), izbrisa, ugovora, prenosljivosti (prenosa) in omejitve obdelave v celoti ali delno.
Če imate račun, lahko uveljavljate svoje pravice do varstva podatkov tako, da v aplikaciji PayPal v nastavitvah računa odprete meni »Podatki in zasebnost«. Tudi če nimate računa (npr. če uporabljate plačilo brez PayPalovega računa), lahko za svoje plačilo brez transakcije s PayPalovim računom podate zahtevo za dostop, spremembo, popravek ali izbris svojih podatkov. Zahtevo, povezano s podatki druge osebe, lahko podate, če ste njen pooblaščeni zastopnik, in sicer tako, da stopite v stik z nami. Upoštevajte, da lahko zahtevamo, da predložite dodatne informacije za preverjanje.
Vaša pravica do ugovora avtomatiziranemu sprejemanju odločitev in profiliranju
Če niste odobreni v skladu z avtomatiziranim sprejemanjem odločitev, opisanimi spodaj, ne boste imeli dostopa do naših storitev, kot so naši načini plačila. PayPal ima več varnostnih mehanizmov za zagotavljanje ustreznosti odločitev. Ti mehanizmi vključujejo stalno pregledovanje naših odločitvenih modelov in naključno vzorčenje v posameznih primerih. Če imate pomisleke glede rezultatov, se lahko
obrnete na nas
in ugotovili bomo, ali je bil postopek izveden ustrezno.
Imate pravico, da ugovarjate avtomatiziranemu sprejemanju odločitev s pravnimi posledicami ali odločitvam, ki lahko kako drugače bistveno vplivajo na vas (skupaj z zadevnim profiliranjem), in sicer tako, da
stopite v stik z nami
. Odločitev bomo nato pregledali in upoštevali ustrezne dodatne okoliščine.
Soglasje
Splošno velja, da če vaše osebne podatke uporabljamo z vašim soglasjem, imate pravico, da kadar koli prekličete soglasje, ne da bi to vplivalo na zakonitost obdelave na podlagi soglasja pred preklicem.
Preklic soglasja ne bo vplival na zakonitost morebitne obdelave, ki smo jo opravili pred preklicem, niti ne bo vplival na obdelavo vaših osebnih podatkov, ki se izvaja na podlagi drugega zakonitega razloga za obdelavo.
Pravica do ugovarjanja neposrednemu trženju
Če vaše osebne podatke uporabljamo za neposredno trženje, lahko vedno spremenite svoja dovoljenja, ugovarjate in onemogočite prihodnja sporočila za neposredno trženje tako, da v elektronskih sporočilih ali nastavitvah vašega računa uporabite povezavo za odjavo.
Pravica do ugovarjanja obdelavi na podlagi zakonitega interesa
Če uporabljamo vaše osebne podatke za opravljanje naših zakonitih interesov ali interesov tretje osebe, imate pravico, da ugovarjate naši uporabi v ta namen. Glejte 5. razdelek (»
Katere osebne podatke uporabljamo in kakšna je pravna podlaga?
«)
Kako uveljavljate svoje pravice in kako lahko stopite v stik z nami ali organom za varstvo podatkov?
Če iz kakršnega koli razloga niste zadovoljni z našo obdelavo vaših osebnih podatkov, lahko vložite pritožbo pri nadzornem organu za varstvo podatkov v svoji državi.
Na našo pooblaščeno osebo za varstvo podatkov se lahko obrnete po spletu ali po navadni pošti na naslov PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et CIE, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luksemburg.
Poleg tega lahko vložite pravno sredstvo
na lokalnih sodiščih
, če menite, da so bile vaše pravice kršene.
Pritožbo lahko vložite tudi pri našem
glavnem nadzornem organu za varstvo podatkov
, luksemburški nacionalni komisiji za varstvo podatkov (CNPD) po pošti na naslov Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Donnees, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luksemburg.
Na predstavnika za Združeno kraljestvo se lahko obrnete po pošti v zvezi s katero koli poizvedbo o varstvu podatkov, ki se navezuje na Združeno kraljestvo, na naslov Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
11. Posebne informacije o avtomatiziranem sprejemanju odločitev in profiliranju
»
Avtomatizirano sprejemanje odločitev
« je postopek sprejemanja odločitve s popolnoma avtomatiziranimi sredstvi brez človeškega sodelovanja. V nekaterih primerih bi takšne odločitve
lahko imele pravni ali podobno pomemben vpliv
na vas kot posameznika. »
Profiliranje
« pomeni analizo posameznikove osebnosti, vedenja, interesov in navad za zagotavljanje napovedi ali odločitev o njem. Kadar je to odobreno v skladu z zakonodajo EU ali države članice oziroma kadar je to potrebno za sklenitev ali izvajanje pogodbe, lahko v nekaterih primerih za odločanje uporabljamo avtomatizirano sprejemanje odločitev ali profiliranje. Primer naše uporabe avtomatiziranega sprejemanja odločitev je ocena vaše kreditne sposobnosti za oceno vaše primernosti za nekatere kreditne produkte.
Menimo, da z avtomatiziranim sprejemanjem teh odločitev PayPal povečuje svojo objektivnost in preglednost pri odločanju, katere storitve vam bomo ponudili. Imamo več varnostnih mehanizmov za zagotavljanje ustreznosti odločitev. Ti mehanizmi vključujejo stalno pregledovanje naših odločitvenih modelov in naključno vzorčenje v posameznih primerih. Namesto tega lahko vedno zahtevate ročni postopek sprejemanja odločitev, izrazite svoje mnenje ali izpodbijate odločitev, ki temelji izključno na avtomatizirani obdelavi, vključno s profiliranjem, če bi takšna odločitev imela
pravne učinke ali bi kako drugače bistveno vplivala na vas
. Več o tem, kako ugovarjati tem odločitvam, lahko najdete v 10. razdelku
(»Vaše pravice do varstva podatkov«)
.
Stopite v stik z našo pooblaščeno osebo za varstvo podatkov
v spletu
, če potrebujete več informacij o naši uporabi avtomatiziranega sprejemanja odločitev ali profiliranja.
12. Zakaj delimo vaše osebne podatke z agencijami za ocenjevanje kreditne sposobnosti?
Če ste zaprosili za naše kreditne storitve ali jih uporabili, lahko za obdelavo vaše vloge posredujemo vaše osebne podatke agencijam za ocenjevanje kreditne spodobnosti, ki nam bodo posredovale informacije o vas, kot je vaša finančna zgodovina. To storimo za oceno kreditne sposobnosti in primernosti izdelkov, preverjanje vaše identitete, sledenje in izterjavo dolgov ter preprečevanje kriminalnih dejavnosti.
Pravne podlage za takšne prenose so navedene v točki b 1. odstavka 6. člena (izvajanje pogodbe) in v točki f 1. odstavka 6. člena (zakoniti interes) Splošne uredbe EU o varstvu podatkov (»GDPR EU«).
Informacije o vas si bomo stalno izmenjevali z agencijami za ocenjevanje kreditne spodobnosti, vključno o vaših poravnanih računih in morebitnih dolgovih, ki niso v celoti odplačani pravočasno. Te informacije lahko agencije za ocenjevanje kreditne sposobnosti posredujejo drugim organizacijam za izvajanje podobnih preverjanj, sledenje vaši lokaciji in izterjavo dolgov, ki jih dolgujete.
Vaši podatki bodo povezani tudi s podatki vseh skupnih kandidatov ali drugih finančnih povezanih oseb.
Kako dobiti več informacij
Stopite v stik z našo pooblaščeno osebo za varstvo podatkov
v spletu
za podrobnosti o tem, katero agencijo za ocenjevanje kreditne sposobnosti smo najeli za določeno iskanje.
Seznam agencij za ocenjevanje kreditne sposobnosti, ki se uporabljajo v Združenem kraljestvu in EGP, je na voljo
tukaj
, vključno s podatki o agencijah za ocenjevanje kreditne sposobnosti, s katerimi sodelujemo v vsaki zadevni državi, in povezavo do njihovega obvestila o zasebnosti, iz katerega lahko ugotovite načine, kako uporabljajo in delijo osebne podatke, vključno s tem, kako dolgo bodo shranjevali takšne osebne podatke. Če imate kakršna koli vprašanja v zvezi z njihovimi storitvami, svojo kreditno oceno ali informacijami, ki jih hranijo o vas, ali če želite uveljavljati pravice, ki jih imate kot posameznik, na katerega se nanašajo osebni podatki, stopite v stik neposredno z agencijo za ocenjevanje kreditne sposobnosti v državi, v kateri živite.
13. Kako ščitimo vaše osebne podatke?
Izvajamo tehnične, fizične in administrativne varnostne ukrepe, namenjene zagotavljanju primerne zaščite vaših osebnih podatkov pred izgubo, zlorabo, nepooblaščenim dostopom, razkritjem in spreminjanjem. Varnostni ukrepi vključujejo požarne zidove, šifriranje podatkov, nadzor fizičnega dostopa do naših podatkovnih centrov in nadzor pooblaščenosti za dostop do informacij. Čeprav smo predani varovanju naših sistemov in storitev, ste sami odgovorni za varovanje in ohranjanje zasebnosti svojega gesla in informacij o registraciji računa/profila ter preverjanje, ali so osebni podatki o vas, ki jih hranimo, točni in posodobljeni. Nismo odgovorni za zaščito osebnih podatkov, ki jih delimo s tretjo osebo na podlagi povezave z računom, ki ste jo sami odobrili.
14. Ali lahko otroci uporabljajo naše storitve?
Zavestno ne zbiramo podatkov, vključno z osebnimi podatki, od otrok, mlajših od 16 let, ali drugih posameznikov, ki niso zakonsko sposobni uporabljati naših spletnih mest in storitev. Če bomo obveščeni, da smo zbrali osebne podatke od osebe, ki ne sme uporabljati naših storitev, jih bomo takoj izbrisali, razen če smo zakonsko obvezani hraniti takšne podatke.
Obrnite se na nas
, če menite, da smo pomotoma ali nenamerno zbrali podatke od nekoga, ki ne sme uporabljati naših storitev.
15. Posodobitve te Izjave o zasebnosti.
Izjavo o zasebnosti občasno spremenimo zaradi sprememb našega poslovanja, storitev ali veljavne zakonodaje. Če je za spremenjeno različico v skladu z veljavno zakonodajo potrebno obvestilo, vas bomo o tem obvestili 30 dni prej z objavo spremembe na strani »
Posodobitve pravilnikov
« ali »
Izjava o zasebnosti
« na našem spletnem mestu, sicer pa bo spremenjena Izjava o zasebnosti začela veljati z objavljenim datumom začetka veljavnosti.
16. Obvestilo o bančnih predpisih za uporabnike v EGP in Združenem kraljestvu
Na splošno velja, da luksemburška zakonodaja, ki velja za PayPalovo obdelavo podatkov uporabnikov (varstvo podatkov in bančna tajnost), zahteva višjo stopnjo preglednosti kot večina drugega prava EU. Zato je v nasprotju z veliko večino ponudnikov internetnih storitev ali finančnih storitev v EU PayPal v tej Izjavi o zasebnosti navedel tretje ponudnike storitev in poslovne partnerje, ki jim lahko razkrijemo vaše podatke, skupaj z namenom razkritja in vrsto razkritih podatkov.
Tukaj
je povezava do teh tretjih oseb. S sprejetjem te Izjave o zasebnosti in ohranjanjem računa pri PayPalu se izrecno strinjate s prenosom svojih podatkov tem tretjim osebam za navedene namene.
PayPal lahko posodobi seznam tretjih oseb, navedenih zgoraj, na prvi delovni dan vsakega četrtletja (januarja, aprila, julija in oktobra). PayPal bo začel podatke prenašati kateremu od novih subjektov ali za nove namene ali vrste podatkov, ki so navedeni v posamezni posodobitvi, po 30 dneh od datuma, ko postane ta seznam javno dostopen prek te Izjave o zasebnosti. Seznam morate pregledati vsako četrtletje na PayPalovem spletnem mestu na datume, navedene zgoraj. Če ne ugovarjate novemu razkritju podatkov v 30 dneh po objavi posodobljenega seznama tretjih oseb, se šteje, da ste sprejeli spremembe na seznamu in v tej Izjavi o zasebnosti. Če se ne strinjate s spremembami, lahko zaprete svoj račun in prenehate uporabljati naše storitve.
Da bi zagotovili PayPalove storitve, je morda treba nekatere podatke, ki jih zbiramo (kot je določeno v tej Izjavi o zasebnosti), posredovati drugim podjetjem ali subjektom, povezanim s PayPalom, vključno s tistimi, ki so navedeni v tem razdelku in imajo vlogo ponudnika plačilnih storitev, obdelovalca plačil ali imetnika računa (ali podobno vlogo). Zavedate se, da lahko za te subjekte v skladu z lokalno zakonodajo veljajo zakoni, predpisi, poizvedbe, preiskave ali nalogi, ki lahko zahtevajo razkritje informacij ustreznim organom zadevne države. Vaša uporaba PayPalovih storitev pomeni vaše soglasje za naš prenos teh informacij, da bi vam lahko zagotovili PayPalove storitve.
Natančneje, strinjate se in PayPalu neposredno naročate, da naredi karkoli in vse od naslednjega z vašimi informacijami:
a. Razkrije potrebne informacije naslednjim subjektom: policiji in drugim organom pregona; varnostnim silam; pristojnim vladnim, medvladnim ali nadnacionalnim organom; pristojnim agencijam, oddelkom, regulativnim organom, samoregulativnim organom ali organizacijam (med drugim agencijam, na katere se sklicuje razdelek »Agencije« seznama tretjih ponudnikov
tukaj
) in drugim tretjim osebam, vključno s podjetji v skupini PayPal, (i) ki jih pravno moramo in smemo upoštevati, med drugim z luksemburškimi zakoni z dne 24. julija 2015 o ameriškem zakonu o upoštevanju davčnih predpisov v zvezi z računi v tujini (Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act oz. »zakon FATCA«) in 18. decembra 2015 o enotnem standardu poročanja OECD (»zakon CRS«); (ii) ko imamo razlog za domnevo, da je primerno, da sodelujemo v preiskavah goljufij ali drugih nezakonitih dejavnosti ali morebitnih nezakonitih dejavnosti, ali (iii) za izvajanje preiskav kršitev naše uporabniške pogodbe (kar med drugim vključuje vaš vir financiranja ali ponudnika kreditne ali debetne kartice).
Če za vas velja zakon FATCA ali CRS, smo vas dolžni obvestiti o podatkih o vas, ki jih lahko posredujemo različnim organom. Preberite več o PayPalovih obveznostih v skladu z zakonoma FATCA in CRS ter tem, kako lahko vplivata na vas, in se seznanite s podatki, ki jih lahko razkrijemo na tej podlagi.
Mi in druge organizacije, vključno s subjekti, ki sprejemajo PayPal, lahko poleg tega potrebne podatke (tudi vključno s podatki, ki jih zabeležijo agencije za preprečevanje goljufij) delimo, dostopamo do njih in jih uporabljamo (tudi iz drugih držav) kot pomoč pri ocenjevanju in upravljanju tveganj (med drugim tudi za preprečevanje goljufij, pranja denarja in financiranja terorizma). Če želite prejeti dodatne podrobnosti o zadevnih agencijah za preprečevanje goljufij, stopite v stik z nami. Za več informacij o teh agencijah, agencijah za preprečevanje goljufij in drugih tretjih osebah kliknite
tukaj
.
b. Razkrije informacij o računu lastnikom pravic intelektualne lastnine, če v skladu z veljavno nacionalno zakonodajo države članice EU obstaja zahtevek proti PayPalu za zunajsodno razkritje informacij zaradi kršitve njihovih pravic intelektualne lastnine, za kar so bile uporabljene PayPalove storitve (med drugim na primer 3. pododdelek 2. odstavka 19. člena nemškega zakona o blagovnih znamkah ali 3. pododdelek 2. odstavka 101. člena nemškega zakona o avtorskih pravicah).
c. Razkrije potrebne podatke na zahtevo združenj za kreditne kartice ali v okviru civilnega ali kazenskopravnega postopka.
d. Razkrije vaše ime in PayPalovo povezavo v PayPalovem imeniku uporabnikov. Vaši podatki bodo drugim uporabnikom PayPala posredovani ob iskanju vašega imena, e-poštnega naslova ali telefonske številke ali dela teh podatkov. To zagotavlja, da so plačila nakazana pravim uporabnikom. To funkcijo lahko izklopite v nastavitvah PayPalovega profila.
e. Če kot trgovec za dostop do PayPala ali njegovo integracijo uporabite tretjo osebo, lahko vsakemu takšnemu partnerju razkrijemo potrebne informacije za izpolnitev in ohranitev takega dogovora (med drugim vključno s stanjem vaše integracije PayPala, ne glede na to, ali imate aktiven PayPalov račun in ali morda že delate z drugim partnerjem za integracijo PayPala).
f. Razkrije potrebne informacije obdelovalcem plačil, revizorjem, ponudnikom storitev za stranke, agencijam za ocenjevanje kreditne sposobnosti in preprečevanje goljufij, ponudnikom finančnih produktov, poslovnim partnerjem, podjetjem za trženje in odnose z javnostmi, ponudnikom operativnih storitev, podjetjem v skupini, agencijam, trgom in drugim tretjim osebam, navedenim
tukaj
. Namen tega razkritja je, da vam omogočimo uporabo PayPalovih storitev. Prav tako smo na seznamu tretjih oseb v okviru vsake »kategorije« navedli neizključne primere dejanskih tretjih oseb (ki lahko vključujejo njihove pooblaščence in naslednike), ki jim trenutno razkrivamo informacije o vašem računu ali jim lahko razkrijemo informacije o vašem računu, skupaj z namenom tega početja, in dejanske informacije, ki jih razkrijemo (razen če je izrecno navedeno drugače, je uporaba podatkov za sekundarne namene, ki presegajo namene, za katere so bili podatki deljeni, za tretje osebe zakonsko ali pogodbeno omejena).
g. Razkrije potrebne podatke vašemu zastopniku ali pravnemu zastopniku (kot je imetnik pooblastila, ki ga podelite, ali skrbnik, imenovan za vas).
h. Razkrije združene statistične podatke našim poslovnim partnerjem ali za namen odnosov z javnostmi. Razkrijemo lahko na primer, da določen odstotek naših uporabnikov živi v Manchestru. Vendar ti združeni podatki niso vezani na osebne podatke.
i. Deli potrebne informacije o računu z nepovezanimi tretjimi osebami (navedenimi
tukaj
) za njihovo uporabo za naslednje namene:
Preprečevanje goljufij in upravljanje tveganj: Za pomoč pri preprečevanju goljufij ter ocenjevanju in upravljanju tveganj.
Služba za pomoč strankam: Za namene službe za pomoč strankam, med drugim za pomoč pri upravljanju računov ali reševanju sporov (npr. pri zaračunavanju ali transakcijah).
Pošiljanje: V zvezi s pošiljanjem in povezanimi storitvami za nakupe, izvedene prek PayPala.
Skladnost z zakonodajo: Za pomoč pri izpolnjevanju zahtev glede preverjanja v zvezi s preprečevanjem pranjem denarja in financiranjem terorizma.
Ponudniki storitev: Da bi omogočili ponudnikom storitev, ki imajo sklenjeno pogodbo z nami, da nas podpirajo pri naših poslovnih dejavnostih, kot so preprečevanje goljufij, izterjava računov, trženje, storitve za stranke in tehnološke storitve. Naše pogodbe določajo, da lahko ti ponudniki storitev vaše informacije uporabljajo samo v zvezi s storitvami, ki jih opravljajo za nas, in ne za lastno korist.
17. Opredelitve
Podatki o napravi so podatki, ki jih je mogoče samodejno pridobiti iz katere koli naprave, ki se uporablja za dostop do spletnega mesta ali storitev. Ti podatki lahko med drugim vključujejo podatke o vrsti naprave in omrežni povezavi naprave, ime naprave, naslov IP naprave, informacije o spletnem brskalniku in internetni povezavi, ki ju uporabljate za dostop do spletnega mesta ali storitev v napravi, podatke o geolokaciji, informacije o aplikacijah, ki jih prenesete v napravo, in biometrične podatke.
Podatki o geolokaciji so informacije, s katerimi je mogoče točno prepoznati vašo lokacijo, na primer koordinate zemljepisne dolžine in širine, pridobljene z uporabo vašega GPS-a ali nastavitev naprave.
Podatki o lokaciji so informacije, s katerimi je mogoče razmeroma natančno prepoznati vašo približno lokacijo, na primer koordinate zemljepisne dolžine in širine, pridobljene z uporabo GPS-a, Wi-Fi-ja ali triangulacije mobilnih postaj.
Partner pomeni trgovca ali podjetje, s katerim naši uporabniki opravljajo transakcije z namenom pridobitve blaga ali storitev.
Plačilo brez PayPalovega računa pomeni enako kot v
Pogojih za plačila brez PayPalovega računa
.
Družbe PayPal so podjetja, katerih lastnik in upravljavec je PayPal, ki obdelujejo osebne podatke v skladu s svojimi pogoji storitev in pravilniki o zasebnosti. Družbe PayPal vključujejo Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet in Braintree.
Osebni podatki so informacije, ki jih je mogoče povezati z določeno oziroma neposredno ali posredno določljivo fizično osebo. »Osebni podatki« lahko med drugim vključujejo ime, poštni naslov (vključno z naslovi za izstavitev računov in dostavo), telefonsko številko, e-poštni naslov, številko plačilne kartice, druge informacije o finančnem računu, številko računa, datum rojstva, uradne osebne dokumente (npr. številka vozniškega dovoljenja, številka osebne izkaznice, številka potnega lista), in biometrične podatke.
Obdelava pomeni kateri koli postopek ali način ravnanja z osebnimi podatki ali naborom osebnih podatkov z avtomatiziranimi sredstvi, kot so zbiranje, beleženje, kategoriziranje, strukturiranje, shranjevanje, prilagajanje ali spreminjanje, pridobivanje, vpogled, uporaba, razkritje s posredovanjem, razširjanje ali drugačno omogočanje dostopa, prilagajanje ali kombiniranje, omejevanje, izbris ali uničenje osebnih podatkov.
Storitve so vse plačilne storitve z blagovno znamko PayPal ali brez nje, plačilo brez PayPalovega računa, kreditni produkti in storitve, vsebina, lastnosti, tehnologije ali funkcije ter vsa povezana spletna mesta, aplikacije in storitve, ki vam jih ponuja PayPal. Vaša uporaba storitev vključuje uporabo naših spletnih mest.
Spletna mesta so spletna mesta, mobilne aplikacije, uradne platforme družbenih omrežij ali druge spletne lastnosti, prek katerih PayPal ponuja storitve in ki jih je objavil ali povezal s to Izjavo o zasebnosti.
Plačilne storitve brez blagovne znamke pomeni, da imate interakcijo s trgovci in jim plačujete z uporabo naših storitev za plačilne kartice, ki nimajo blagovne znamke PayPal.
Uporabnik je oseba, ki uporablja storitve kot potrošnik za osebno ali gospodinjsko uporabo. Za namene tega obvestila izraz »uporabnik« vključuje izraza »vi« in »vaš«.
18. Naši podatki za stik
Stopite v stik z našo pooblaščeno osebo za varstvo podatkov
v spletu
ali po navadni pošti na PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et CIE, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luksemburg.
Če ste
rezident Združenega kraljestva
, se obrnite na našega predstavnika na Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Kliknite
tukaj
, če želite stopiti v stik z nami glede PayPalovega računa ali storitve.
Kliknite
tukaj
, če želite stopiti v stik z nami glede računa ali storitve Xoom.
Sub-policy 4
http://fastspring.com/privacy/:
Get more than a payment gateway, right out of the gate. Go farther faster with FastSpring.
Schedule Demo
or
Try Now
FastSpring® Privacy Statement
Please note:
This is the FastSpring Privacy Policy. There is also a separate privacy policy for FastSpring Interactive Quotes (formerly SalesRight) which
you can access here
.
California residents and individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) and Switzerland can exercise their privacy rights, including the right to request access to or deletion of their personal information, subject to the exceptions under applicable law, by clicking
here
and then completing the form to submit their request.
You may find a copy of this Privacy Policy in PDF format
here
.  For individuals with disabilities, alternative methods of viewing or receiving this Privacy Policy can be found
here
.
BY USING THIS WEBSITE OR ANY FASTSPRING OPERATED ECOMMERCE SOLUTION OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO FASTSPRING THROUGH THIS WEBSITE OR ANY FASTSPRING POWERED ECOMMERCE SOLUTION, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION, USE, TRANSFER, AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF ANY CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CHANGES.
1. Scope and Purpose of This Privacy Statement.
Introduction.
This Bright Market, LLC d/b/a FastSpring (“
FastSpring
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) Privacy Statement (“
Privacy Statement
”) applies to each ecommerce solution, which may be but is not limited to, a website, portion of a website or a software application branded with the look and feel of a software publisher or entity operated by FastSpring for the purpose of buying or selling such software publisher’s products and/or services (“
Ecommerce Engine
” or “
Website
”) where this Privacy Statement can be accessed from a hyperlink on, or otherwise appears on, that Ecommerce Engine.  If you are purchasing products through a software Seller (“
Vendor
”), a FastSpring subsidiary and not FastSpring directly, please note that this Ecommerce Engine is hosted and/or operated by FastSpring under an agreement with the Vendor or subsidiary of FastSpring who is listed as the seller of products in the terms of sale on this Ecommerce Engine.
Controller Responsible for Your Information.
Depending upon your relationship to us, FastSpring operates as either a joint controller or processor of the Personal Information we maintain about you.  For additional information on the distinction between the two roles, please see our
Data Processing Agreement
.  Any Personal Information collected by visiting this Website is controlled by Bright Market, LLC d/b/a FastSpring, 801 Garden Street, #201, Santa Barbara, CA 93101, United States of America.
Purpose.
FastSpring respects the privacy of its customers, partners and suppliers of products or services. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to provide you with information concerning how FastSpring collects, uses, maintains, and shares your Personal Information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
2. Information We Collect and Process.
FastSpring collects the Personal Information of our purchasers, Vendors, and other individuals who visit our Website for specified, explicit purposes only and will not process this Personal Information in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes.  Personal Information will be processed only if such processing is based on any of the legal grounds listed in section 6(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR) (unless an exemption applies) as outlined below:
Performance of a Contract with You
. We will process your Personal Information if it is necessary in order to enter into or perform a contract with you. For example, we will process your payment information in order to complete your purchase/sales transaction.
Legitimate Interest
.  We will process your Personal Information if it is necessary for the purposes of FastSpring’s legitimate interests, except where FastSpring’s interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of your Personal Information. FastSpring’s legitimate interests in processing your Personal Information include:  FastSpring’s prevention of fraud or misuse of services, IT and network security, marketing and advertising of products sold by FastSpring, enforcement of legal claims including debt collection via out-of-court procedures, processing for marketing research purposes.
Consent
. If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, by using this Ecommerce Engine you consent by ticking the specific consent box to the processing of your Personal Information FastSpring’s servers in the United States and the storage of your Personal Information in the United States for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement, and acknowledge that your Personal Information may be transmitted by us to other FastSpring companies for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement and for company group administration purposes. You may withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future, but you will then not be able to use our services and in particular order products on our Websites. Where consent to the collection of Personal Information is revoked, we will stop processing that Personal Information. For further information or if you wish to withdraw your consent, please email us at
privacy@fastspring.com
.
Legal Obligation
. We will process your Personal Information where we are under a legal obligation to do so, including tax compliance obligations.
When you visit, buy, or sell via our Website, we may capture the following information about you:
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Identifiers
Specific Personal Information
Name (First/Last), Signature/E-Signature, Mailing Address, Email Address, Telephone Number(s), IP Address, Driver’s License Number/Other Government Number (GST/VAT), Tax Exemption Status, Bank Account Numbers, Debit/Credit Card Number & Information, Customer Identification.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information, Account/Mailing List Registration, Cookie, Web Beacon, Other Technologies, Transaction Details You Provide to Our Customer Service Teams, Information We Receive from Vendors.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sales Transactions, Customer Service Issues, Marketing, Legal and Regulatory Obligations
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Internet or Other Similar Network Activity
Specific Personal Information
Browsing History, Search History, Other Information Related to Our Consumer’s Interactions with Our Website, Application, and/or Advertisements, including (1) Buyer Usage Activities (adding/removing products from checkout; currency used for purchase) and Analytics, (2) Vendor Platform Usage Activities (submissions, clicks on navigation links, video usage and duration, page views, search requests, time spent on page, cursor movement, clicks on any “get support” or “sign up” buttons) and Analytics.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information, Cookie, Web Beacon, Other Technologies, Third Party Sources.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sale Transactions, Marketing, Understand Our Customers, Improve Our Products/Usage and Data Analytics.
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Commercial Information
Specific Personal Information
Records of Products or Services Purchased, Obtained, or Considered.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sale Transactions.
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Geolocation Data
Specific Personal Information
Location of the Individual and Device Used to Access Our Website.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information, Account/Mailing List Registration, Cookie, Web Beacon, Other Technologies.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sale Transactions, Marketing, Legal and Regulatory Obligations.
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Marketing Communications
.  We may send you email marketing communication about FastSpring products and services, invite you to participate in our events or surveys, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, provided that we do so in accordance with the consent requirements that are imposed by applicable law. You may opt out of receiving marketing communication at any time.
Our Use of Anonymous Information.
We may use anonymous information (i.e. information that does not allow direct or indirect identification of the individual to whom such information relates) collected by us:
to personalize and support your use of this Ecommerce Engine, our services, and/or the services of our partners;
to improve this Ecommerce Engine, the customer experience, our advertising systems, and our products and services;
for fraud prevention purposes, such as device fingerprinting;
to identify actions or transactions as originating through an affiliate marketing or referral program;
to deliver targeted advertisements on this Ecommerce Engine and other Websites and/or ecommerce solutions;
to provide reporting to our current and prospective partners and service providers; and
for statistical or research and analysis purposes.
In addition, we may anonymize Personal Information by removing any information that identifies you specifically, and use the rest for the purposes set forth above.
3. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
A cookie is a commonly used automated data collection tool. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or device by websites that you visit or HTML-formatted emails you open, in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently. We may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags or other similar technologies on our Websites or emails to, among other things:
Tailor information presented to you based on your browsing preferences, such as language and geographical region;
Collect statistics regarding your Website usage;
Provide us with information to support technical functionality of service, improve the Website experience and measure marketing effectiveness; and
In some cases, to enable a third party to deliver future advertising for our products and services to you when you visit certain Websites owned by such third parties.
There are several different kinds of cookies, and should we be deploying cookies we (or a third party provider be deploying them in connection with our ecommerce activities) would be using one of the following common types of cookies, which may be persistent cookies or session cookies:
Essential cookies
are necessary to provide you with services and features available through our Websites. Without these cookies, services you may need, such as shopping carts or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Analytics or customization cookies
collect information that is either used in aggregate form to help us understand how the Website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize the Website for you.
Advertising cookies and tracking scripts
are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly delivered and, in some cases, featuring ads based on your interests.
If the Website includes a cookie management tool, you will typically find a hover button at the bottom of your screen. If in the future you do not wish to receive cookies, you may be able to refuse them by adjusting your browser settings to reject cookies. If you do so, we may be unable to offer you some of our functionalities, services or support. If you have previously visited our Websites, you may also have to delete any existing cookies from your browser.
Do-Not-Track.
There are different ways you can prevent tracking of your online activity. One of them is setting a preference in your browser that alerts websites you visit that you do not want them to collect certain information about you. This is referred to as a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) signal. Please note that our Websites may not recognize or take action in response to DNT signals from web browsers. At this time, there is no universally accepted standard for what a company should do when a DNT signal is detected. In the event a final standard is established, we will assess how to appropriately respond to these signals. For more detailed information about cookies, Do-Not-Track and other tracking technologies, please visit
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
.
Third Party Data Collection.
This may also include cookies placed by third parties, to deliver tailored information and content which may be of interest to you, such as promotions or offerings, when you visit third party websites after you have left our Websites. We do not permit these third parties to collect Personal Information about you (such as email address) on our Website, nor do we share with them any Personal Information about you.
Social Media Features and Widgets
.  Our Websites may include social media features, such as Facebook’s “Like” button, and widgets, such as the “Share This” button. These features are usually recognizable by their third-party brand or logo and may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and set a cookie to enable the feature to work properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Currently, we use the features and widgets (“
Plugins
”) of Facebook, Google, Twitter, and LinkedIn offered by the companies Facebook Inc., Google Inc., Twitter Inc. and LinkedIn Corporation (“
Providers
”).
Facebook is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“
Facebook
”). You will find an overview on Facebook’s Plugins and what they look like here:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins
Google+ is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“
Google
”). You will find an overview on Google’s Plugins and what they look like here:
https://developers.google.com/+/web/
Twitter is operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“
Twitter
”). You will find an overview on Twitter’s Plugins and what they look like here:
https://twitter.com/about/resources/buttons
LinkedIn is operated by LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale CA 94085, USA (“
LinkedIn
”). You will find an overview on LinkedIn’s Plugin and what they look like here:
https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins
When you access one of our Websites, which contains a Plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection with the servers of Facebook, Google, Twitter, and LinkedIn. The content of the Plugin is transferred by the respective Provider directly to your browser, which then integrates it into the Website. Integration of the Plugin allows the Provider to receive the information that you have accessed the respective Website even if you do not maintain a profile with that Provider or if you are not logged in at the moment. This information (including your IP address) will be transferred by your browser directly to the Provider in the U.S. and stored there. If you are logged in with one of the Providers’ services, they will be able to assign your visit on our Website to your profile with the respective Provider. If you interact with any of the Plugins, e.g. by pressing the ‟Like” or the ‟+1” button, this information will also be sent directly to the server of the Provider and stored there. The information will also be published in the social network on your respective account, e.g. Twitter, and displayed to your contacts there.
For more information on the purpose and extent of the data acquisition and how data are processed and used by the respective Provider as well as regarding your rights and optional settings to protect your privacy, please refer to the privacy policies of the respective Provider:
Privacy Policy of Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Privacy Policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Privacy Policy of Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Privacy Policy of LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
If you do not want Google, Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn to allocate data collected on our Websites to your profile in their service, you must log out of the respective service before visiting our Website. You can prevent the loading of the Plugins completely by using Add-Ons for your browser, e.g. the script-blocker ‟NoScript” (
http://noscript.net/
).
If you accept a session or persistent cookie, you can delete it at any time through your web browser (e.g., as soon as you leave our Ecommerce Engine).  If you do not wish to receive cookies or wish to manage when you accept cookies in general, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. Although you are not required to accept our cookies, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionality of this Ecommerce Engine.
We and our partners use third party service providers in connection with this Ecommerce Engine and our business to gather user metrics and usage data. These service providers may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Ecommerce Engine or to a Website, your interaction with our Ecommerce Engine or that Website, and the products and services offered by us, our partners and our suppliers through the use of cookies, pixel tags, JavaScript code or other web technologies. This information may be transferred to servers in the U.S. and stored there. We and our partners may use this anonymous information to provide targeted advertisements to you for goods and services, for marketing analysis, and for quality improvement purposes. Currently, we use the following web tracking services:
Google Analytics
: Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website will normally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will shorten the IP address in EU Member States or other countries of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the Website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for Website operators and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage to the Website provider. Google will not associate the IP address transmitted by your browser with any other data stored by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website. Furthermore, you can prevent the acquisition of data collected by cookies and relating to your use of the Website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. Please note that on this Website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp”. This allows to process IP addresses in a shortened form to exclude direct reference to a specific person. For more information provided by Google:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
In any case, if you want to manage, deactivate or authorize the cookies, you can use the below links:
Internet Explorer :
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Chrome :
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=en
Safari :
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
Mozilla :
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Opera :
http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html
4. Sharing Your Personal Information.
We may share your Personal Information in a limited number of circumstances, including with:
Our Partners.
When we make products available for sale through an Ecommerce Engine, we are doing so as an independent ecommerce reSeller of, or service provider for, the partner whose name and/or logo appears as part of the particular Ecommerce Engine. In connection with your purchase of a product or service through an online store we operate that is co-branded with our partner’s branding, we will provide certain of the Personal Information and/or anonymous information you provide in connection with your purchase to that partner for reporting purposes, to allow our partner or its service provider to register your purchase, to enable your access to products or services provided by our partner or its suppliers, to facilitate warranty, technical support or after-sales service, to allow our partner or its subcontractor to send communications to you if you have previously consented to receive them, to allow our partner or its service provider to provide services in connection with this Ecommerce Engine such as customer support or single sign-on functionality on this Ecommerce Engine and our partner’s Website, or for similar purposes in order to fulfill obligations to you. We may also provide certain of the Personal Information you provide in connection with your purchase to the publisher or manufacturer of a product you purchase, or operator of a service for which you purchase a service use right from us, if different than the partner whose name and/or logo appears on this Ecommerce Engine.  The privacy policy of our partner, and of the publisher, manufacturer or operator of the product or service you purchase, will govern how that party uses and protects any of your Personal Information that we provide to them.
Our Service Providers
. We use other companies, which may include but are not limited to present or future corporate affiliates, to provide joint services or certain services to us or on our behalf and help us to operate our business. We may share your information with our service providers in connection with their provision of services to us. We may also allow these companies to use anonymous information, and to use aggregated Personal Information on an anonymous basis (i.e., where the aggregated data cannot identify you personally), for their business purposes.  We will not share your Personal Information with our affiliates or unrelated third parties to use for their own marketing purposes without your consent. We select our partners and service providers on the basis of their security and confidentiality commitments and their compliance with data protection laws.
To Comply With Legal Requirements, Cooperate With Law Enforcement, Prevent Fraud and Other Crimes, and Protect Legal Rights, Ecommerce Engine, You and Others
. To the extent not expressly prohibited by applicable law, we may disclose Personal Information we collect on this Ecommerce Engine without notifying you when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate: (a)  to comply with the law or a regulatory requirement; (b) to comply with governmental, administrative or judicial process, requirement or order, such as a subpoena or court order; (c) to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the law enforcement or government agency requesting the information to formally serve us with a subpoena); (d) to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; (e) to enforce a contract; to protect the legal rights, property or safety of FastSpring, its corporate affiliates, and their respective employees, clients and partners and agents, other users or the public in general; or (f) to protect your vital interests if determined necessary by us. In addition, we may review our server logs for security purposes, such as detecting intrusions into our network. If we suspect criminal activity, we may share our server logs – which contain visitors’ IP addresses – with the appropriate investigative authorities who may use that information to trace and identify individuals. We also reserve the right to report to appropriate law enforcement or government agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe are or may be in violation of applicable laws, rules or regulations without providing notice to you. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). We may be required to disclose Personal Information that we handle under the Privacy Shield in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In Connection With Corporate Events/Transitions
. If one of our corporate affiliates or a third party has acquired our business, specific assets or the business of one of our operating divisions through which you have provided information to us, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganization, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation, your Personal Information may become owned by that company in compliance with applicable data protection laws. In that event, the acquiring company’s use of your Personal Information will still be subject to this Privacy Statement, any applicable Supplemental Privacy Notices, and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
We do not sell your Personal Information.
5. Security of Your Personal Information
We are committed to keeping your Personal Information secure. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative safeguards reasonably designed to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access and disclosure. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a financial account number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. We encrypt Personal Information whenever possible and otherwise restrict access to Personal Information to those employees and individuals with a need to know that information.  It is important that you understand, however, that no Ecommerce Engine, Website, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse, for example, by protecting your password. Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements. Please know, however, that no matter where your Personal Information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through this Ecommerce Engine, it will be protected by us in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement, any Supplemental Privacy Notices that apply to you, and applicable data protection laws.
Cross-Border Transfers of Your Data.
As we operate internationally, and provide you with relevant services through our resources and servers around the globe, sharing your Personal Information across borders is essential. Your Personal Information will be processed on the computer servers (currently Amazon Web Services) in the United States of America on which our Ecommerce Engine is hosted.  In some cases, we may transmit your Personal Information to (i) third party data processors or (ii) product manufacturers, licensors and/or suppliers for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement. To the extent required by applicable data protection laws, we have executed standard contractual clauses to effect the lawful cross-border transfer of personal information.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) Compliance.
FastSpring complies with the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. FastSpring has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF program Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, FastSpring commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact FastSpring at
privacy@fastspring.com
.
FastSpring has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
As explained here we sometimes provide Personal Information to third parties to perform services on our behalf. If we transfer Personal Information received under the EU-U.S. DPF to a third party, the third party’s access, use, and disclosure of the Personal Information must also be in compliance with our EU-U.S. DPF obligations. Therefore, third parties that use our products explicitly agree to abide by the EU-U.S. DPF or otherwise agree to execute the Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission for the purposes of transferring Personal Information from the EU to non-adequate countries outside the EU.
Where the EU-U.S. DPF is not applicable, including when there are transfers from the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland, FastSpring executes the Standard Contractual Clauses for the purposes of lawful transfer of personal data as set out in European Commission Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021, as well as the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as issued by the UK Information Commissioner under S119A(1) Data Protection Act 2018 (as applicable to any transfers from the UK to non-adequate third countries).
Data Retention Policies
.
We will retain your Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information in accordance with applicable laws.
6. Your Rights & Choices with Respect to Your Personal Information
Your Rights.
Based upon where you reside, certain choices and rights with regards to your Personal Information may be available to you or your authorized agent under applicable data protection laws, such as the GDPR or California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Access Request Rights
You have the right to request that we provide to you the following information about our collection and use of your personal information :
1. The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you.
2. The categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you (e.g., use of cookies, third party, etc.).
3. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that Personal Information.
4. The categories of third parties with whom we share or have shared that Personal Information.
5. The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request), and
6. Information regarding any disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion, Rectification and Restriction Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete, restrict or, if you believe that our processing of your Personal Information is incorrect or inaccurate, change any of the Personal Information collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.  Once your verifiable consumer request is confirmed, we will delete, restrict or change, as the case may be, and direct our service providers to delete, restrict or change your Personal Information.  Your request to delete the Personal Information collected may be denied if it is necessary for us to retain your information under one or more of the exceptions listed in the GDPR or CCPA.
Data Portability Rights
In some cases, you may receive your Personal Information provided by yourself in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Right to Object
Where we process your Personal Information based on a "legitimate interest", you may have the legal right to object to the processing of your Personal Information.
Right to Revoke Consent
Where we process Personal Information based on your consent, you have the right to revoke such consent at any given time.
Post-mortem Right to Privacy
If you are located in EEA, you have the right to set instructions regarding the storage, deletion or communication of your Personal Information after your death.
Right to Complain
You have the legal right to lodge a complaint with the competent authority.
If you contact us we may, for your protection, ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide the access you request, correct or delete any inaccurate Personal Information you discover, cease the processing of your Personal Information and implement your guidelines. We reserve the right, however, to limit or deny your request to the extent permitted by applicable law if the disclosure may lead to a breach of applicable law and regulation, e.g. in case of any legal obligation to retain certain data, or if you have failed to provide sufficient evidence to verify your identity.
Your Choices.
FastSpring respects your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose information about you. We generally ask you to indicate your choices at the time, and on the page, where you provide your Personal Information. When you provide Personal Information, we may offer you a choice as to whether you would like to receive further communications from us and/or from our partners via a box to tick for example, such as communications related to updates, upgrades, special offers and pricing. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you decide you no longer want to receive promotional messages from us, you may let us know by e-mailing us at
remove@fastspring.com
or by following any unsubscribe link in our e-mails; please specify which consent you are revoking in your e-mail to us. Please note, however, if you give us permission to add your contact information to our partner’s mailing list and later withdraw your permission, you will have to contact our partner (or use the “opt-out” provided in the e-mails our partner sends you) to have your name removed from our partner’s mailing lists.
7. Links to Third Party Websites
FastSpring’s Website provides links to third-party web sites, which are not under the control of FastSpring. FastSpring makes no representations about third-party web sites. When you access a non-FastSpring website, you do so at your own risk. FastSpring is not responsible for the reliability of any data, opinions, advice, or statements made on third-party sites. FastSpring provides these links merely as a convenience. The inclusion of such links does not imply that FastSpring endorses, recommends, or accepts any responsibility for the content of such sites.
8. Children’s Privacy
This Ecommerce Engine and our services are not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13. If you have not reached the age of majority or are not able to enter into legally binding agreements in your country, you may not use this Ecommerce Engine unless supervised by an adult.  Our goal is to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to collection and use of information from children as such term is defined by applicable laws. If you believe that we have received information from a child or other person protected under such laws, please notify us immediately by postal mail addressed to FastSpring’s Privacy Department, 801 Garden Street #201, Santa Barbara, CA 93101, United States of America or by e-mail at
privacy@fastspring.com
, and we will take reasonable steps to remove that information from our databases.
9. Changes to This Privacy Statement
We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement.  These updates may reflect, among other things, changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations, changes in our data collection practices, and/or changes to our business or services.  If revisions to the Privacy Statement materially affect how we may use Personal Information collected from you prior to the date of the revised statement, then we will request that you opt-in to the revised Privacy Statement via a checkbox for each new order/purchase. We will post an updated version of this Privacy Statement on the Ecommerce Engine with a revised effective date, to let you know that we updated the Privacy Statement.
10. How to Contact Us.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices, have privacy-related questions not answered online, or if you would like to exercise any of your rights outlined in this Privacy Statement you may contact us by any of the following means:
Online Requests:
You may contact us via our online form located
here
.
By Mail:
You may contact us by postal mail addressed to Bright Market, LLC d/b/a FastSpring, ATTN: Privacy Department, 801 Garden Street, #201, Santa Barbara, CA 93101, United States of America.
By Email:
You may contact us by e-mail at
privacy@fastspring.com
.  Please specify “Global Privacy Question” in the subject line to help us to expedite our review of your e-mail.
You may write to us in your own language.
Have any questions about FastSpring? We’re here to help!
I'd like to talk to sales.
I need to contact support.
I have a question about a charge.
Hi there! 👋 Have any questions about FastSpring? We’re here to help!
1
Loading video...
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. You may click "Allow & Continue", or modify your cookie preferences by clicking "Settings" below. Please read our policies regarding
Privacy
and
Cookies
GDPR
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Media Partners
Performance & Analytics
Settings
Save Choices
Allow & Continue
Our Use of Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Media Partners
Performance & Analytics
Our Use of Cookies
When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, secure our website from bots, ensure balanced server loads, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please refer to our
Privacy
and
Cookies
policies.
Always Active
Strictly necessary cookies are required for our website to function properly and to provide users with a functional and elegant experience. As a result, you may not opt-out of this category of cookie. Information about how to block all cookies from loading in your browser can be found here:
https://www.cookiesandyou.com/disable-cookies/
, however this is not recommended as it will break many web experiences.
For a full list of the Strictly Necessary cookies we use, visit
our Cookie Policy
.
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies support the features and user interface that you, the user, experience while browsing our website. For example, these cookies may be used when displaying our online chat feature, or anonymously analyzing site usage with metrics such as what pages get the most visits or which navigation links are clicked on most frequently. Depending on your geographic region you may be able to opt out of Functional Cookies, but some elements of our website may not function properly.
For a full list of the Functional cookies we use, visit
our Cookie Policy
.
Media Partners
These cookies are used to track the performance of FastSpring’s advertising efforts, and to improve the accuracy of ads that we place on external websites. For example, if you visit fastspring.com and then leave, a cookie may be used to show you an ad promoting FastSpring’s services on external websites. You may opt-out of these cookies by disabling the Media Partner cookie category with the toggle switch in the Cookie Preference center.
For a full list of the Media Partner cookies we use, visit
our Cookie Policy
Performance & Analytics
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 5
https://paddle.com/privacy/:
Webinar
Data to dollars: Finding hidden growth in your subscription data
Save your seat
Policy
Privacy policy
A. This Policy
Summary
: This Policy explains how we Process Personal Data. This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time, so please check it regularly for updates.
This Policy is issued by Paddle which is made up of each of the Controller entities that are listed in Section (U) below (together, “Paddle”, “we”, “us” and “our”) and is addressed to individuals outside our organisation with whom we interact in our course of business as a Merchant of Record, including customers, visitors to our Sites, other users of our products or services, personnel of corporate customers and vendors, applicants for employment, and visitors to our premises (together, “you”). Please note that not all provisions of this Policy will apply to you and your Personal Data, as this will depend on your specific relationship with Paddle.
Defined terms used in this Policy are explained in Section (V) below.
This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the Processing of Personal Data, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
This Policy was last updated on
30 June 2023.
You may also have certain rights regarding the information we collect about you. Specifically, the rights of Data Subjects of the EEA are explained in Section (M) below. Similarly, Residents of certain US states, including California and Virginia, may find information on their rights as a Consumer in Sections (R), (S) and (T)  below.
B. Collection of Personal Data
Summary
: We collect or obtain Personal Data: when that data is provided to us (e.g., where you contact us); in the course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you appoint us as your Merchant of Record or if you make a purchase from Paddle); when you make Personal Data public (e.g., if you make a public post about us on social media); when you visit our Sites; when you register to use any of our Sites, products, or services; or when you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site; we may also receive Personal Data about you from third parties (e.g., law enforcement authorities).
We collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources:
Data provided to us: We obtain Personal Data when such data is provided to us (e.g., where you contact us via email or via our Sites, or by any other means, or when you provide us with your business card, or when you submit a job application).
Data we obtain in person: We obtain Personal Data during meetings, at trade shows, during visits from sales or marketing representatives, in person interviews or at events we attend.
Collaborations: We obtain Personal Data when you collaborate with us in research or in an advisory/consultancy capacity.
Relationship data: We collect or obtain Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g. we provide a service to you, or to your employer).
Data you make public: We collect or obtain Personal Data that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g. we may collect information from your social media profile(s) or if you make a public post about us).
Site data: We may collect or obtain Personal Data when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Registration details: We collect or obtain Personal Data when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites, products, or services.
Content and advertising information: If you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site (including third party plugins and cookies) we may receive Personal Data from the relevant third party provider of that content or advertising.
Third party information: We collect or obtain Personal Data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g. credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
C. Creation of Personal Data
Summary:
We create Personal Data about you (e.g., records of your interactions with us).
We also create Personal Data about you in certain circumstances, such as records of your interactions with us, and details of your past interactions with us. We may also combine Personal Data from any of our Sites, products, or services, including where that data is collected from different sources.
D. Categories of Personal Data we Process
Summary
: We Process: your personal details (e.g., your name); demographic data (e.g. your age); your contact details (e.g., your address); records of your consents; purchase details; payment details (e.g. billing address); information about your interaction with our Sites (e.g. the type of device you are using); details of your employer (where relevant); information about your interactions with our content or advertising; and any views or opinions you provide to us.
We Process the following categories of Personal Data about you:
Personal details: given name(s); preferred name.
Demographic information: gender; date of birth / age; nationality; salutation; title; and language preferences.
Contact details: correspondence address; telephone number; email address; details of Personal Assistants, where applicable; messenger app details; online messaging details; and social media details.
Expertise: records of your expertise; professional history; practising details and qualification details; information about your experience; participation in meetings; seminars; advisory boards and conferences; information about your professional relationship with other individuals or institutions; language abilities and other professional skills.
Consent records: records of any consents you have given, together with the date and time; means of consent and any related information (e.g. the subject matter of the consent).
Purchase details: records of purchases and prices; and consignee name, address, contact telephone number and email address;
Payment details: invoice records; payment records; billing address; payment method; cardholder or account holder name; card payment identifiers; payment amount; and payment date.
Data relating to your use of our Sites: device type; operating system; browser type; browser settings; IP address; language settings; dates and times of connecting to a Site; username; password; security login details; and usage data.
Employer details: where you interact with us in your capacity as an employee of a third party, the name, address, telephone number and email address of your employer, to the extent relevant.
Content and advertising data: records of your interactions with our online advertising and content, records of advertising and content displayed on pages displayed to you, and any interaction you may have had with such content or advertising (e.g., mouse hover, mouse clicks, any forms you complete in whole or in part) and any touchscreen interactions.
Views and opinions: any views and opinions that you choose to send to us, or publicly post about us on social media platforms.
Please note that not all of the above will apply to you, as it will depend on your relationship with Paddle (e.g. Employee, customer, etc).
E. Sensitive Personal Data
Summary
: We do not seek to collect or otherwise Process Sensitive Personal Data in the ordinary course of our business as a Merchant of Record. Where we need to Process Sensitive Personal Data for a legitimate purpose, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
Where it becomes necessary to Process your Sensitive Personal Data for any reason, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law (e.g., to comply with our diversity reporting obligations);
Detection and prevention of crime: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime (e.g., the prevention of fraud);
Establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
Consent: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your express consent prior to Processing your Sensitive Personal Data (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
If you provide Sensitive Personal Data to us, you must ensure that it is lawful for you to disclose such data to us, and you must ensure a valid legal basis applies to the Processing of those Sensitive Personal Data.
F. Purposes of Processing and Legal Bases for Processing
Summary
: We Process Personal Data for the following purposes: providing our Sites, products, and services to you; compliance checks; operating our business; communicating with you; managing our IT systems; health and safety; financial management; conducting surveys; ensuring the security of our premises and systems; conducting investigations where necessary; compliance with applicable law; improving our Sites, products, and services; fraud prevention; establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims; and recruitment and job applications.
The purposes for which we Process Personal Data, subject to applicable law, and the legal bases on which we perform such Processing, are as follows:
Provision of Sites, products, and services:
providing our Sites, products, or services; providing promotional items upon request; and communicating with you in relation to those Sites, products, or services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, products, or services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way)
Compliance checks:
fulfilling our regulatory compliance obligations; ‘Know Your Client’ checks; and confirming and verifying your identity; use of credit reference agencies; and screening against government and/or law enforcement agency sanctions lists and other legal restrictions.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of fulfilling our regulatory and compliance obligations (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Operating our business:
operating and managing our Sites, our products, and our services; providing content to you; displaying advertising and other information to you; communicating and interacting with you via our Sites, our products, or our services; and notifying you of changes to any of our Sites, our products, or our services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, our products, or our services to you (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Communications and marketing:
communicating with you via any means (including via email, telephone, text message, social media, post or in person) to provide news items and other information in which you may be interested, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law; personalising our Sites, products and services for you; maintaining and updating your contact information where appropriate; obtaining your prior, opt-in consent where required; enabling and recording your choice to opt-out or unsubscribe, where applicable.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of contacting you, subject always to compliance with applicable law (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Management of IT systems:
management and operation of our communications, IT and security systems; and audits (including security audits) and monitoring of such systems.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and maintaining our communications and IT systems (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Health and safety:
health and safety assessments and record keeping; providing a safe and secure environment at our premises; and compliance with related legal obligations.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring a safe environment at our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual.
Financial management
: sales; finance; corporate audit; and vendor management.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and operating the financial affairs of our business (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Surveys:
engaging with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on our Sites, our products, or our services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of conducting surveys, satisfaction reports and market research (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Security:
physical security of our premises (including records of visits to our premises); CCTV recordings; and electronic security (including login records and access details).
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation ; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring the physical and electronic security of our business and our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Investigations:
detecting, investigating and preventing breaches of policy, and criminal offences, in accordance with applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation ; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, breaches of our policies and applicable laws (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Legal compliance:
compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
Improving our Sites, products, and services:
identifying issues with our Sites, our products, or our services; planning improvements to our Sites, our products, or our services; and creating new Sites, products, or services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of improving our Sites, our products, or our services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Fraud prevention:
Detecting, preventing and investigating fraud.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, fraud (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims:
management of legal claims; establishment of facts and claims, including collection, review and production of documents, facts, evidence and witness statements; exercise and defence of legal rights and claims, including formal legal proceedings.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation;
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Recruitment and job applications:
recruitment activities; advertising of positions; interview activities; analysis of suitability for the relevant position; records of hiring decisions; offer details; and acceptance details.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of recruitment activities and handling job applications (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
G. Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
Summary
: We disclose Personal Data to: legal and regulatory authorities; our external advisors; our Processors; any party as necessary in connection with legal proceedings; any party as necessary for investigating, detecting or preventing criminal offences; any purchaser of our business or successor in title to our obligations under a contract; and any third party providers of advertising, plugins or content used on our Sites.
We disclose Personal Data to other entities within the Paddle group, for legitimate business purposes and the operation of our Sites, products, or services to you, in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we disclose Personal Data to:
you and, where appropriate, your appointed representatives;
legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
third party Processors (such as payment services providers etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section (G);
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and with applicable jurisdiction;
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;
any alternative payment provider or reseller appointed by the Supplier or other third party acquirer(s) or successor(s) in title, including but not limited to in the event that we sell or transfer all or any relevant portion of our business or assets (including in
the event of a reorganisation, dissolution or liquidation); and
any relevant third party provider, where our Sites use third party advertising, plugins or content. If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, your Personal Data may be shared with the relevant third party provider. We recommend that you review that third party’s privacy policy before interacting with its advertising, plugins or content.
Suppliers to the extent necessary to provide a product requested by you.
any other relevant third party outsourced service providers, where our Sites use third parties to perform certain functions otherwise performed by Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality.
If we engage a third-party Processor to Process your Personal Data, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only Process the Personal Data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the Personal Data; together with any additional requirements under applicable law, including the provisions at Section (H) below, with respect to international transfers.
H. International Transfer of Personal Data
Summary:
We transfer Personal Data to recipients in other countries. Where we transfer Personal Data from the UK/EEA to a recipient outside the UK/EEA that is not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses and in the presence of appropriate safeguards.
Because of the international nature of our business, we transfer Personal Data within the Paddle group, and to third parties as noted in Section (G) above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy. For this reason, we may transfer Personal Data to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located.
If an exemption or derogation applies (e.g., where a transfer is necessary to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim) we may rely on that exemption or derogation, as appropriate. Where no exemption or derogation applies, and we transfer your Personal Data from the UK/EEA to recipients located outside the UK/EEA who are not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses and the presence of appropriate safeguards. Please contact the privacy team at
privacy@paddle.com
below if you wish to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
Please note that when you transfer any Personal Data directly to any Paddle entity established outside the UK/EEA, we are not responsible for that transfer of your Personal Data. We will nevertheless Process your Personal Data, from the point at which we receive those data, in accordance with the provisions of this Policy.
I. Data Security
Summary
: We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your Personal Data against unauthorised or unlawful Processing, and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Insofar as you are able, please ensure that any Personal Data that you send to us is sent securely.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure, unauthorised access, and other unlawful or unauthorised forms of Processing, from the point of collection to the point of destruction, in accordance with applicable law.
Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will implement all reasonable measures to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet – any such transmission is at your own risk and you are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Data that you send to us are sent securely.
J. Data Accuracy
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is kept accurate and up-to-date and is erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that:
your Personal Data that we Process is accurate and, where necessary, kept up-to-date; and
any of your Personal Data that we Process that is inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for which it was Processed) is erased or rectified without delay;
From time to time we may ask you to confirm the accuracy of your Personal Data.
K. Data Minimisation
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to limit the volume of your Personal Data that we Process to what is necessary.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data that we Process is limited to the Personal Data reasonably necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy.
L. Data Retention
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is only retained for as long as it is needed in connection with its lawful purpose.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is only Processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. The criteria for determining the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data is as follows:
1. We will retain Personal Data in a form that permits identification as long as:
we maintain an ongoing relationship with you (e.g., where you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
your Personal Data is necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g., where your Personal Data is included in a contract between us and your employer, and we have a legitimate interest in Processing that Personal Data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data)
Plus:
2. The duration of:
any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e., any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data is relevant); and
an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that is relevant to that claim),
And:
3. In addition, if any relevant legal claims are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
During the periods noted above, we will restrict our Processing of your Personal Data to storage of, and maintaining the security of, those data, except to the extent that those data need to be reviewed in connection with any legal claim, or any obligation under applicable law.
Once the periods noted above, each to the extent applicable, have concluded, we will either:
permanently delete or destroy the relevant Personal Data; or
anonymise the relevant Personal Data.
M. Your Legal Rights
Summary
: Subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights, including: the right not to provide your Personal Data to us; the right of access to your Personal Data; the right to request rectification of inaccuracies; the right to request the erasure, or restriction of Processing, of your Personal Data; the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Data; the right to have your Personal Data transferred to another Controller; the right to withdraw consent; and the right to lodge complaints with Data Protection Authorities. In some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right not to provide your Personal Data to us (however, please note that we will be unable to provide you with the full benefit of our Sites, products, or services, if you do not provide us with your Personal Data – e.g., we might not be able to process your requests without the necessary details);
the right to request access to, or copies of, your Relevant Personal Data, together with information regarding the nature, Processing and disclosure of that Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request rectification (or correction) of any inaccuracies in your Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request, on legitimate grounds: erasure of your Relevant Personal Data or restriction of Processing of your Relevant Personal Data
the right to have certain Relevant Personal Data transferred to another Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to the extent applicable;
where we Process your Relevant Personal Data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw that consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing of your Personal Data in reliance upon any other available legal bases); and
the right to lodge complaints regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data with a Data Protection Authority (in particular, the Data Protection Authority of the EU Member State in which you live, or in which you work, or in which the alleged infringement occurred, each if applicable).
Subject to applicable law, you may also have the following additional rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf, where such processing is based on Articles 6(1)(e) (public interest) or 6(1)(f) (legitimate interests) of the GDPR;
the right to object to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf for direct marketing purposes; and
opt you out of the automated processing of your Personal Data in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, if applicable.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Policy, or about our Processing of your Personal Data, you may submit your request via
https://preferences.paddle.com/privacy
.
Please note that:
in some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights;
where your request requires the establishment of additional facts (e.g., a determination of whether any Processing is non-compliant with applicable law) we will investigate your request reasonably promptly, before deciding what action to take; and
certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to appeal our decision to deny your request. You can contact us as set forth above to appeal such decision.
N. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Summary
: We Process Personal Data by using Cookies and similar technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
When you visit a Site we will typically place Cookies onto your device, or read Cookies already on your device, subject always  to obtaining your consent, where required, in accordance with applicable law. We use Cookies to record information about your device, your browser and, in some cases, your preferences and browsing habits. We Process Personal Data through Cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with our
Cookie Policy
.
O. Terms of Use
Summary
: All Suppliers are subject to Terms of Use that govern all use of our Site.
All use of our Merchant of Record services is subject to each Supplier’s Terms of Use. We recommend that you review your applicable Terms of Use to ensure that you are aware of your obligations and where applicable, regularly in order to review any changes we might make from time to time as this may influence your rights under this Policy.
P. Terms of Sale
Summary
: Our Buyer Terms and Conditions govern the sale of all Products by Paddle.
All sales of Products are subject to our
Buyer Terms and Conditions
. We recommend that you review these regularly, in order to review any changes we might make from time to time as this may influence your rights under this Policy.
Q. Direct Marketing
Summary
: We Process Personal Data to contact you with information regarding Sites, products, or services that may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe for free at any time.
We Process Personal Data to contact you via email, telephone, direct mail or other communication formats to provide you with information regarding Sites, products, or services that may be of interest to you. We also Process Personal Data for the purposes of displaying content tailored to your use of our Sites, products, or services. If we provide Sites, products, or services to you, we may send or display information to you regarding our Sites, products, or services, upcoming promotions and other information that may be of interest to you, including by using the contact details that you have provided to us, or any other appropriate means, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law.
You may change your preferences, or unsubscribe from our promotional email list at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link included in every promotional electronic communication and updating your communication preferences. Please note that it may take up to a month to process your unsubscribe request during which time you may continue to receive communications from us. After you unsubscribe, we will not send you further promotional emails, but in some circumstances we will continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any Sites, products, or services you have requested (for example, we may send you emails about your Paddle projects or our ongoing business relationship). R. California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures
R. California Disclosures
Summary
: Under the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended (“CCPA”), we must disclose our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the Personal Information of California Residents (“Consumers”). Consumers are also afforded additional rights with regard to the Personal Information that we collect about them that include the rights of access, deletion, and to be free from discrimination. This section of our Privacy Policy includes the disclosures required by the CCPA.
Collection of Personal Information:
We have collected and will collect the following general categories of Personal Information about Consumers, relative to your relationship with Paddle:
Personal identifiers, such as names, aliases, postal addresses, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, internet protocol addresses, email addresses, account names, social security numbers, driver’s license numbers, and passport numbers,
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) including names, addresses, telephone numbers, credit and debit card identifiers;
Protected classifications, including sex, age, and national origin;
Commercial information, including products or Services you have purchased, and your purchasing history;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Audio, visual or similar information;
Professional or employment related information;
Education information; and
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile (e.g. behaviour).
Please note that not all of the above will apply to you, as it will depend on your relationship with Paddle (e.g. Employee, customer, etc).
Use of Personal Information
We may use the categories of Personal Information described above for the following business or commercial purposes:
Advancing our commercial or economic business interests through our services and products to our Suppliers and customers;
Maintaining and servicing Supplier accounts;
Auditing Supplier activity on our Sites;
Processing or fulfilling orders and transactions;
Processing, managing, and accounting for transactions;
Providing customer support and support to Suppliers;
Verifying customer and Supplier information;
For short term, transient uses (such as contextual advertising);
To understand and enhance your experience on our Sites or with our services by utilising analytic services;
Advertising our services;
Linking or combining it with information received from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with an enhanced service;
Performing internal research for technological development;
Ensuring and improving the quality and safety of our services and products;
Debugging to address impairments to operational functionality;
Detecting security incidents;
Complying with applicable law and law enforcement requirements;
Protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity and assisting in the prosecution of those responsible for such activities; and
Defending against or bringing legal action, claims and other liabilities.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information
We collect or obtain Personal Information about you from the following sources:
You: We obtain Personal Information when you provide it to us (e.g., where you create an account, purchase products, participate in research, where you contact us via email or telephone, provide us information during meetings, at trade shows, during visits from sales or marketing representatives, or at events we attend, or by any other means, or when you submit a job application), and when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Collaborations: We obtain Personal Information when you collaborate with us in research or in an advisory/consultancy capacity.
Public sources: We collect or obtain Personal Information that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from your social media profile(s), if you make a public post about us).
Registration details: We collect or obtain Personal Information when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites or services.
Third Party content and advertising partners: If you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site (including third party plugins and cookies) we receive Personal Information from the relevant third party provider of that content or advertising.
Other third party sources: We collect or obtain Personal Information from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
Disclosures of Personal Information
We do not Sell any Personal Information to third parties. In particular, we do not Sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to the following categories of recipients.
The following is the categories of recipients to which we disclose information and the categories of Personal Information disclosed:
To:
Legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
Personal Identifiers;
Categories of personal information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Commercial Information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Geolocation data;
Inferences for use in creating a consumer profile
Accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Protected classifications (if provided);
Commercial information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Third-party Processors (such as payment services providers etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted in Section (G);
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Education information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Protected classifications;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Any relevant third party provider, where our Sites use third party advertising, plugins or content;
Personal identifiers;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Retention
We determine the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data is as follows:
The status of our ongoing relationship with you (e.g. where you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
If your Personal Data is necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g. where your Personal Data is included in a contract between us and your employer, and we have a legitimate interest in Processing that Personal Data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data).
Plus, the duration of:
any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e. any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data is relevant); and
an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that is relevant to that claim).
And:
In addition, if any relevant legal claim are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
S. Consumer Rights Under the CCPA
Summary
: Subject to the CCPA, you may have a number of rights, including: the right to know about your Personal Information, right to request the deletion of your Personal Information, the right to opt out of a Sale or Sharing of your Personal Information, the right to correct inaccurate records of your Personal Information, the right to limit the use and disclosure of any Sensitive Personal Information and the right to non-discrimination when you exercise your rights under the CCPA
You may make a request to exercise a right as set forth above. Generally, in order to verify your request, we will compare the Personal Information we already hold about you to the Personal Information we will request in the course of processing your request. The Personal Information required for verification may include your name and email address, or further information if we reasonably believe it is necessary to verify you. To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please follow the instructions described in this section.
Right to Know About Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to request that we disclose the following information, in a readily useable format, covering the 12 month period preceding the request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The purposes for which the categories of Personal Information collected about you will be used.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
. Consumers have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information that we have collected from them. Your request may be subject to certain exemptions under applicable laws.
We may keep a record of deletion requests solely as a record of compliance.
Right to correct inaccurate records of your Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to request that we use commercially reasonable efforts to correct any inaccurate Personal Information.
Right to opt out of a Sale or the Sharing of your Personal Information.
Please note that Paddle does not Sell or Share your information within the meaning of the California Privacy Acts.
Right to limit the use and disclosure of any Sensitive Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to direct a business to limit its use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. Please note that Paddle will only collect and use Sensitive Personal Information where it is absolutely required to do so in the course of its relationship with you and all information collected is subjected to record retention timeframes based on law and industry standards.
Requests to know, correct, or delete data may be submitted via
preferences.paddle.com/privacy
Right to Non-Discrimination.
Consumers have the right to be free from discrimination as set forth in the CCPA when they exercise their Consumer rights under the CCPA.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
We do not offer financial incentives or a price or service difference to incentivise consumers to provide personal information.
Authorised Agent
. Under the CCPA, you may appoint an authorised agent to submit requests to exercise your rights on your behalf. Should you choose to do so, for your and our protection, we will require your authorised agent to provide us with a signed permission demonstrating that they are authorised to submit a request on your behalf. Should your authorised agent fail to submit proof that they have been authorised to act on your behalf, we will deny their request.
T. California's "Shine the Light" Law
Summary
:  California residents are entitled to request a notice describing what  categories of personal customer information We share with third parties.
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties for the purposes of their direct marketing.
U. Details of Controllers
Summary
: There are several Paddle entities that act as Controllers for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of this Policy, the relevant Controllers are:
Paddle.com Market Limited
of Judd House, 18-29 Mora Street, London, EC1V 8BT, UK
Paddle Payments Limited
of The Academy, 42 Pearse Street, Dublin, D02 YX88, Ireland
Paddle.com Inc.
of 3811 Ditmars Blvd, #1071 Astoria, New York, 11105-1803, USA
V. Definitions
“Adequate Jurisdiction”
means a country or territory recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under an adequacy decision made, from time to time, by (as applicable) (i) the Information Commissioner’s Office and/or under applicable UK law (including the UK GDPR), and/ or (ii) the European Commission under the EU GDPR.
“California Resident”
or
“Consumer”
means (1) every individual who is residing in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the state for a temporary or transitory purpose.
“Controller”
means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data is Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws.
“Cookie”
means a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our Sites). In this Policy, a reference to a “Cookie” includes analogous technologies.
“Data Protection Authority”
means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws.
“EEA”
means the European Economic Area.
“GDPR”
means the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“
EU GDPR
”); the Data Protection Act 2018 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (as implemented by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 and the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2020) (the "
UK GDPR
"), as applicable;
“Merchant of Record”
means the licensed reseller of software and digital products and the business that is carried on by Paddle.
“Personal Data
” and
“Personal Information”
means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual.
“Process”
,
“Processing”
or
“Processed”
means anything that is done with any Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Processor”
means any person or entity that Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller (other than employees of the Controller).
“Product”
means the Supplier’s software product(s) and/or digital content and any subsequent updates and upgrades thereto agreed to be resold or distributed by Paddle.
“Relevant Personal Data”
means Personal Data in respect of which we are the Controller.
“Sell”
has the meaning ascribed to it in section 1798.140 of the CCPA.
“Sensitive Personal Data”
means Personal Data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, biometric data, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, national identification number, or any other information that is deemed to be sensitive under applicable law.
“Sensitive Personal Information”
means Personal Information that reveals an Consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, passport number, account log-in, financial account, debit card or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account, precise geolocation, racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership or the contents of a Consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication; or genetic data
“Share”
means communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer’s Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioural advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration
“Site”
means any website operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf.
“Standard Contractual Clauses”
means i) where the EU GDPR applies, the contractual clauses annexed to the European Commission's Implementing Decision 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council incorporating Module 1 (Controller to Controller transfers) (EU SCCs); and ii) where the UK GDPR applies, the template Addendum B.1.0 issued by the UK's Information Commissioner's Office and approved by Parliament in accordance with s119A of the Data Protection Act 2018 (UK Approved Addendum) and the accompanying Mandatory Clauses of the UK Approved Addendum, as updated from time to time and/or replaced by any further version published by the Information Commissioner's Office (UK Mandatory Clauses)
“Supplier”
means a party which has appointed Paddle to be its Merchant of Record and reseller of its Products
“UK”
means the United Kingdom
Sub-policy 6
https://www.freshworks.com/privacy/:
Privacy
Cookie Policy
Data hosting
TOMs
Sub-processors
Freshworks Privacy Notice
Effective Date
February, 5th 2025
For prior version, please click
here
Freshworks is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) describes how Freshworks processes personal data in connection with our business, including the provision of our website at (
https://www.freshworks.com/
) (“
Website
”) and our Services.
This Notice explains Freshworks’ approach to any Personal Data that we might collect from you, or which we have obtained about you from a third party, and the purposes for which we process your Personal Data in our capacity as a Controller (i.e. when Freshworks determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data). It also describes your rights in respect of our processing of your Personal Data.
We process Personal Data in the countries in which we are established, including the United States, the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in other countries where third parties that we may use are based.
While processing the Personal Data we comply with the principles and rules of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) and to the rights of EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals.
By transferring Personal Data to a third party where Freshworks is acting as a controller, we have the full responsibility that the processing of a third party as a processor takes place under the DPF Principles. Freshworks shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its processors process Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Freshworks proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
This Notice only applies to the use of your Personal Data by us or on our behalf. It does not apply to:
Personal Data collected by third parties during your communications/dealings with those third parties or your use of their products or services (for example, where you follow links to third party websites over which we have no control).
Personal Data processed, stored or hosted by us when we act as a Processor on behalf of our Customers in the course of providing our Services, in which case the privacy statement of the relevant Customer will apply, and our data processing agreement with such Customer will govern our processing of your Personal Data.
DEFINITIONS
The capitalized terms used in this Notice are defined in Annex 1.
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Notice, you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
1. WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER?
2. WHO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA ABOUT?
3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DOES FRESHWORKS COLLECT, HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON?
4. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA?
5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF DATA
6. HOW DOES FRESHWORKS KEEP PERSONAL DATA SECURE?
7. EEA, UK AND SWISS SPECIFIC RIGHTS
8. CALIFORNIA-RESIDENT SPECIFIC RIGHTS
9. BRAZILIAN GENERAL DATA PROTECTION LAW (LGPD)
10. OPTING OUT PROCEDURE
11. OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
12. RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
13. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
14. GOOGLE API DISCLOSURE
15. CHILDREN'S PERSONAL DATA
16. AMENDMENTS
17. EFFECT OF MERGER OR ACQUISITION
18. CONTACTING FRESHWORKS
1. WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER?
The Website and our Services are made available by various companies in the Freshworks group of companies (each a “
Group Company
”).
Where this Privacy Notice refers to “
Freshworks
”, “
we
”, “
us
, “
our
”, this means one or more of the particular Group Companies that provide the particular Website, Mobile Application, Newsletter or Services to you, recruits you, uses testimonials from you, sends marketing communications to you, hosts an event you visit, or organizes a program in which you participate.For the purposes of the GDPR and LGPD, the following Group Companies act as a data controller when the processing of your Personal Data is governed by the requirements of the GDPR or LGPD.
Location: United States
Freshworks Inc.
(company no: 4861858) is a company established under the laws of Delaware with its registered office at 16192 Coastal Highway, Lewes, Delaware 19958, USA and its principal business address can be found
here
.
Location: Germany
Freshworks GmbH
(company no: HRB 176669 B) is a company established under the laws of Germany and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: Netherlands
Freshworks Technologies B.V. (company no: 73582166) is a company established under the laws of the Netherlands and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: France
Freshworks SAS (company no: 842815581) is a company established under the laws of France and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: United Kingdom
Freshworks Technologies UK Limited (company no: 09338697) is a company established under the laws of England and Wales and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: India
Freshworks Technologies Private Limited (company no: U72200TN2010PTC078458) is a company established under the laws of India with its registered office at Module - 1 & 2, 1st Floor, Block B, No 40, Global Infocity Park, MGR Salai, Perungudi Chennai – 600096, Tamil Nadu, India
here
.
2. WHO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA ABOUT
We collect, process and store Personal Data about the following people:
Website visitors: If you browse our Website or contact us via our Website (Contact Sales) we will collect, process and store your Personal Data in connection with your interaction with us and our Website.
Users of our Services: If you use our Services, whether it is through our Website or our Mobile Applications, we will process your Personal Data for certain data analytics purposes and in order to offer, deliver and improve our Services.
Visitors to our Offices: If you visit our office, we may process Personal Data about you that you volunteer in connection with your visit and any enquiries you make. For example, you may volunteer Personal Data when signing in as a guest. CCTV footage may also be collected for security purposes.
Recipients of marketing communications from us: If you are a potential lead or existing customer, we may process Personal Data about you in order to send you marketing communications.
Event attendees: If you register for, attend or take part in our events, webinars or contests hosted by us we will process Personal Data about you in connection with your attendance at the event. For example, we may ask you to complete a registration or feedback form, or other documents relating to the event.
Personnel that work for our Customers, partners and suppliers (including subcontractors and personnel who work for us as freelancers or contractors). If you (or your organization) are:
in receipt of services from us;
supply products or services to us; or
otherwise partner with us;
We may collect, process and store your Personal Data in connection with our provision of those Services to you, our receipt of those Services from you and/or our partnership. This may include Personal Data included in any email or telephone communications or recorded on any document relating to an order for the Services.
Job applicants: If you apply for a job with us, whether through our Website or otherwise, we will collect, process and store your Personal Data in connection with your application.
Shareholders: If you are a shareholder of our Group Companies, we will process your personal data in relation to your investment and for our reporting obligations.
We also make available a Market Place platform where individuals can download applications developed by Freshworks or by third parties (the “
Applications
”). This Notice will apply to our processing of your Personal Data during your use of the Applications when the Applications are provided by us, and the Application shall include a link to this Notice. When Applications are provided by a third party, the privacy statement of the relevant third party will apply.
Hosted Data
Some of our Services include processing of data on behalf of our Customers in relation to applications, tools or software that we provide (“
Hosted Data
”). Save for the limited circumstances set out in this Notice, we are not the data controller of this Hosted Data as we do not determine the purposes or the means of the processing. If you believe your Personal Data is being processed by us in this way, you should refer to the privacy notice of the data controller on whose behalf we are acting.
3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DOES FRESHWORKS COLLECT, HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON?
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
A) Personal Data we collect directly from you (“Collected Data”)
Purpose: providing you with the Services.
We may use, retain and process your Personal Data for the following purposes when providing our Services:
to provide the Services.
to administer your account (including when you subscribe and sign-up to any of our Services)
to assess the needs of your business to suggest suitable Services and respond to service requests, questions or concerns.
to facilitate your transactions with other users when you use our Services.
to prevent or respond to any misuse of our Services or Applications or any violations of our Terms and any applicable laws.
to collect subscription fees.
The data processed includes:
contact information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, IP address, geographic location, or phone number of the Account admin;
billing information, such as credit card number and billing address details about payments made between you and us; details of Services purchased from us;
name and e-mail address when Account admin/Agent(s) provide feedback from within the Service(s);
unique identifiers, such as username, account number or password
your feedback and survey responses; and
the content of any messages you send us, including, without limitation, messages transmitted via the Services, email, telephone, or via the Website (including web-based chat interfaces).
We process your Personal Data for these purposes based on our legitimate interests or a third party’s legitimate interest to ensure we provide our Services in an effective, safe and efficient way. Where we process your Personal Data to administer your account, or to the extent necessary to collect your subscription fees, we do so for the purposes of our contract with you.
Purpose: Recruitment, Freshworks Careers
. When you apply for an open position by either populating the application form, by email or by hard copy and whether submitted directly by you or by a third-party recruitment agency on your behalf, we will use such data to evaluate you for the open position that you have applied for or any position that we consider you suitable for at the time you submit your resume (application?) or at any later date. For the purposes of evaluating you for an open position, you understand that we may internally rate you based on parts of your resume (application?) and your information. If you do not wish to be rated by us, please do not provide us your information. The data processed includes:
contact information, such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and (subject to local laws) links to your social networking profiles;
any other information you volunteer, including during any interview or your interactions with us and contained in the resume that you submit to us;
personal data obtained from any third parties we work with in relation to our recruitment activities, including without limitation (and subject to local laws), recruitment agencies, background check providers, credit reference agencies and your referees; and
details of your education, qualifications and employment history, any other personal data which is contained in any reference about you that we receive. Such information may also include special categories of personal data (such as information about your health, any medical conditions and your health and sickness records) and information relating to criminal convictions and offences (only if that information is relevant to the role you are applying for and subject to local laws).
Subject to local laws, we may also use your personal data for the purpose of reviewing our equal opportunity profile in accordance with applicable legislation. We do not discriminate on the grounds of gender, race, ethnic origin, age, religion, sexual orientation, disability or any other basis covered by local legislation. All employment-related decisions are made entirely on merit. We will retain data from applications for a limited period for record keeping and legal (or, subject to local law, regulatory) purposes. We may (subject to the laws in your jurisdiction) also retain your data in order to contact you if a role arises for which we think you would be suitable. Further information about this will be provided during the application process and we will ask for consent where necessary according to local law.
Where we use your Personal Data in connection with recruitment, it will be in connection with us taking steps at your request to enter into a contract we may have with you or it is in our legitimate interest to use personal data in such a way to ensure that we can make the best recruitment decisions. We will not process any special (or sensitive) categories of Personal Data or Personal Data relating to criminal convictions or offences except where we are able to do so under applicable legislation or with your explicit consent.
Purpose: Freshworks hosting or managing Events and programs.
From time to time, we may organize and host events for the purpose of promoting our business or other reasons.
The data processed includes:
We may process your name, email address, designation and company name to communicate with you about such events where you have specifically requested information about such events or where we have another lawful basis for sending that information to you.
When you attend an event conducted by Freshworks, including webinars or seminars, we may collect your contact information such as name, e-mail address, phone number, designation and company name to record your attendance at the event and for related record-keeping purposes.
If you attend any user conferences hosted by us at a physical location where we serve food and other refreshments, we collect information about your food preferences and allergies.
You may also feature in photographs taken at our events and such photographs may appear in publications that we make available.
When you register for any of our programs through a registration form on our Site, we may collect information such as your name, e-mail address, company name, designation, company website URL, IP address, location and contact information.
It is necessary for us to use your Personal Data in this way to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you where you have signed up to attend an event, or it is in our legitimate interest or a third party’s legitimate interest to use Personal Data in such a way to ensure that the event is operated in a secure and effective way. We may specifically ask your permission to use your photographs, quotes, testimonials, or other content that you make available or publish at the event. Where this is the case, our processing of such Personal Data will be based on consent (or, if we enter into a contract with you for this purpose, on the performance of said contract)
Purpose: Prize draws, prize competitions and other promotions.
From time to time, we may run prize draws, prize competitions and other promotions on our Site and/or on our social media accounts.
The data processed includes:
For the purposes of administering such promotions, we may process:
your name, e-mail address, company name, designation, company website URL, IP address, location and contact information, banking details;
information about when your current or previous sessions started, IP address; browser type and operating system; geolocation, any other unique numbers assigned to a device and other data that is collected through your interactions with third party websites and services; and
any other personal data volunteered by you or that we ask for in relation to your promotion entry.
Our promotions are subject to separate terms and conditions, which you may be required to accept as a condition of entry.
It is necessary for us to use your personal data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you (e.g. the promotion terms and conditions) or it is in our legitimate interest to use your personal data to enable us to administer our promotion fairly and effectively and to ensure that we comply with self-regulatory codes governing the operation of promotions.
Purpose: Participation in Public forums, Community platform, Forms and use of your statements for testimonials.
When you visit or register our publicly accessible community forums and blogs or submit any forms on our Site, you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. We may post your testimonials/comments/reviews on our Websites which may contain your Personal Data. The data processed includes:
contact information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number;
information about your business, such as company name, company size, business type; and
a short bio about you to identify you as the author of the post.
We may post your testimonials/comments/reviews on our Websites which may contain your Personal Data. Where we use your content in connection with Services that we provide via our Website, it is in our legitimate interest to use any Personal Data that you provide to us to ensure that we provide the relevant Services in an effective way. Prior to posting the testimonial, we will obtain your consent to post your name along with the testimonial. If you do not consent, we are only allowed to use the testimonial in a fully anonymized way. If you want to revoke your consent and your testimonial to be removed, please contact us at support@freshworks.com. If we enter into a contract with you for this purpose, our legal basis may be the performance of said contract.
Purpose: Newsletters.
When you actively subscribe to our newsletters, we collect and store your e-mail address to share our newsletters with you.
If you have requested content from us, i.e. a newsletter, it is in our legitimate interest to use your Personal Data in such a way to ensure that we process your request in an effective way.
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads - sending marketing communications by post and/or email.
The data processed includes: We use your name, email address, job title; and organization that you represent, social media handle and details of any marketing preferences that you have communicated to us to send you (or the organization you represent) marketing communications by post and/or email. Our marketing will include press releases and information about us, our Website and our Services, any events we may hold and any offers or promotions we offer from time to time. Our marketing communications will include personalized and non-personalized marketing. Personalized marketing has been specifically tailored to you and will include content that we think is most relevant to you, based on what we know about you. We may use technology to do this, but generally all our marketing methods involve human intervention. Non-personalized marketing is marketing that is not tailored to you. Where we are sending you personalized marketing, we may also use other types of Personal Data to help us decide what sort of personalized marketing to send you (please see the “Cookies and Similar Technologies”, “Usage Data” and “Mobile Applications” sections below for more details).
In the UK, EU and Brazil we will rely on your consent when sending marketing communications. Otherwise, it is in our legitimate interest to use your Personal Data for marketing purposes, for example to decide what marketing content we think may appeal to you or for postal or email marketing (except where we are required by applicable law to obtain your consent).
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads: Online personalized marketing. The data processed includes:
We and our third party partners may use your data relating to your behaviors, interests and preferences, including data collected as a result of your browsing activity and/or interaction with our Website and/or our emails, which is obtained through the use of cookies, pixel tags and other similar technologies; information about when your current or previous sessions started, IP address; browser type and operating system; geolocation, any other unique numbers assigned to a device and other data that is collected through your interactions with third party websites and services to provide you with, and analyze the effectiveness of, personalized ads when you visit other websites and/or use other services (including the social media and other platforms described in the “
advertising to you on social media and other platforms
” section. By “personalized ads”, we mean advertisements for services that you have shown an interest in when you have used our Website or which we or our partners otherwise think you might be interested in based on your browsing habits. Note, our third-party partners may also use the data that is collected to show personalized ads for products and services offered by third parties.
Please see the “
Cookies and Similar technologies
” section to learn about the legal basis that we rely on to collect data via the use of cookies. https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/ Where we use your personal data to display online personal advertising to you, we rely on the consent that you have provided in respect of the collection of such data, or, subject to local law, it is otherwise in our legitimate interests to promote our Website and our Services to you.
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads - advertising to you on social media and other platforms.
We share your email address and other identifiers such as your phone number or device ID (usually in an encrypted or ‘hashed’ form) with third-party providers of social media platforms and other services, such as [Facebook, LinkedIn] and other similar platforms (“
Social Platforms
”), so that the third party providers can try to “match” your data with the data of their registered users of their Social Platforms. Where there is a successful match, we will display our advertising to you when you use the relevant Social Platform (e.g. on your Facebook newsfeed). This is known as “custom audience” advertising, because we “customize” the audience that we want to reach on the relevant service. Some of the advertising that you see may be personalized to you.
The data that we use to personalize our advertising, will include:
Data relating to your browsing activity or interaction with our emails, obtained through the use of cookies, pixel tags and other similar technologies; information about when your current or previous sessions started; details about any products you viewed through the Site; and
IP address; browser type and operating system; geolocation; any other unique numbers assigned to a device.
Such data used to personalize advertising will not be provided to the third-party providers of the Social Platforms for this purpose but please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section for details of where we may share such data. This activity is also subject to the privacy choices you have elected to make on such Social Platforms.
We will only share your Personal Data with the third-party providers of the Social Platforms, so that we can advertise our Services to you when you use those Social Platforms, where you have provided your consent or where it is otherwise in our legitimate interests to do so in order to promote our Services. Where this activity is undertaken through the use of Cookies, please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section) to learn about the legal basis that we rely on. You can opt-out of our sharing of your personal information with the third-party providers by exercising your
rights as a data subject
as set out below.
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads - advertising to other people who share similar interests and characteristics to you (or if you are someone that sees such advertising).
We will provide your Personal Data to third-party providers of Social Platforms as described in the “
advertising to you on social media and other platforms
” and the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” sections. If you are a user of those Social Platforms, we may ask the third-party providers of those Social Platforms to find other registered users of their services who share similar interests and characteristics to you, which will be based on information that the third party holds about you and its other registered users. This is known as “lookalike” audience advertising because we are trying to show our advertising to people who “look like” you. If you are someone who has seen this advertising on a Social Platform, please note that this activity is based on data that you have provided to the Social Platform (which we do not receive) and is also subject to the privacy choices you have elected to make on such third-party services.
Please see the “
advertising to you on social media and other platforms
” section for details of the lawful basis that we rely on to share your personal data with the Social Platforms. It is in our legitimate interests to further use your Personal Data to advertise our Services to other individuals that use those Social Platforms and who share similar interests and characteristics with you. If you are someone who has seen this advertising on a Social Platform, it is in our legitimate interests that the Social Platform uses the data that you have provided to it to advertise our Services, although please note that we do not receive this data and you should exercise your rights in respect of such data in accordance with the privacy notice of the relevant Social Platform.
Purpose: Service Analytics.
We perform analytics on Personal Data that we process in order to: provide the Services, assess the needs of our Customer’s business to determine or suggest suitable Service(s); send Customers requested information about the Service(s) and improve the quality of this information; respond to customer service requests, questions and concerns and improve the quality of these responses; and for product improvement purposes. The data processed includes: Email addresses; mobile or landline telephone numbers; IP address; chat identifiers and chat content (including the contents of chatbot sessions); widgets. As set out above we are generally not a data controller of any Hosted Data – i.e. data which we process on behalf of our customers.  However, some Hosted Data may be used as part of our analytics for the above purposes.
It is necessary for us to use your Personal Data in this way to fulfil our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you to provide our Services. It is also in our legitimate interests to process Personal Data in this way in order to perform analytics, train our algorithms, improve, enhance, develop, support and operate the Services and its availability, compile statistical reports and record insights into usage patterns, develop new products and services using machine learning technologies and more generally to better serve our Customers and be able to provide customized content and features.
Purpose: Cookies and Similar Technologies, Mobile Applications, Usage Data, Single Sign on and Social Media.
We use commonly used tools to automatically collect information that may contain Personal Data from your computer or mobile device as you visit our Websites, use our application or in general use our Services.
a) Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We and our third-party advertising partners use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and similar technologies (which we generically refer to as ‘cookies’) to collect data from the devices that you use to access our Website. Data collected via these cookies are used for the purposes of:
analyzing trends;
administering the Website;
to count users who have visited our Site and collect other types of information including insights about visitors’ browsing habits on the Websites;
gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole;
to learn what parts of our Website are most popular and what kind of features and functionalities our visitors like to see;
to help us understand the type of marketing content that is most likely to appeal to our visitors and Customers; and
to help us with the selection of future product and service lines, website design and to remember your preferences.
We may receive reports from third party companies based on the use of these technologies on an individual and aggregated basis. Most web browsers support cookies and users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Websites and Services. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our Websites (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We link this automatically collected data to other data we collect about you. Please see our
Cookies Policy
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
for further information about our use of Cookies and similar technologies.
Cookies and Similar Technologies:
Where your data is collected through the use of non-essential cookies, we rely on consent to collect your personal data and for the onward processing purpose. Please see our Cookie Policy
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
for further details.
b) Mobile Applications.
When you download, install and use our Mobile Applications, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or “UDID”). We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This Software may record certain information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal data you submit within Mobile Applications. When you open the Mobile Applications for the first time, you may be asked for permission to send you push notifications. If you allow this feature, our Mobile Applications will send you push notifications, for example, reminders, alerts, updates and other information. You can configure and turn off push notifications via your device settings at any time.
Mobile Applications:
Functionality: It is in our legitimate interest to use the data collected here in order to send error messages (if applicable) and in order to secure our Mobile Applications and to detect and resolve errors and cyberattacks. Mobile Analytics: Where we use mobile analytics software to understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone, we rely on our legitimate interests in order to secure our Mobile Applications and ensure the proper functioning of our Mobile Applications and ensure the effective provision of our Services. Where this involves the use of cookies, please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section) to learn about the legal basis that we rely on.
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
Push notifications: In the UK, EU and Brazil, where we send push notifications about any events or promotions that we may be running and/or update you about new features to our Services we will do so on the basis of your consent. Otherwise, we will rely on our legitimate interests in doing so.
c) Usage Data.
In addition to the information mentioned in the
Cookies and Similar Technologies
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
section above that we automatically collect, we also collect clicks, scrolls, conversion and drop-off on our Websites and Service(s) to monitor user journey in real-time (“
Usage Data
”). Subject to this Notice, we will use such Usage Data and Customer data, including without limitation, to (i) assess the needs of your business to determine or suggest suitable Services; (ii) send you requested information about the Services; (iii) respond to customer service requests, questions and concerns; (iv) for any analytical purposes; and (v) to provide and improves the Services.
For Freshcaller users only: your calls will be recorded, subject to the consent of both parties to the call, and this recording will be used for product improvement, including to train our applications to better recognize human speech.
For Freshchat, Freshworks and Freshmarketer customers: you will have the option to opt out of analytics or tracking certain events from within these products.
For FreshworksCRM users only: Your calls made using FreshworksCRM will be recorded, subject to the consent of both parties to the call, and this recording will be used for product improvement, including to train our applications to better recognize human speech. You will have the option to opt out of analytics or tracking certain events from within FreshworksCRM.
Analytics opt-out for products other than Freshchat, Freshworks and Freshmarketer: Customers may opt-out of analytics by writing to
dpo@freshworks.com.
Usage Data:
We will rely on our legitimate interests to process Usage Data for the purposes outlined, except for call recording which we base on consent exclusively. Where Usage Data is collected via cookies or similar technologies, please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section) to learn about the legal basis that we rely on.
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
d) Single sign-on.
You can log in to our Websites using sign-in services such as Google, Facebook Connect and LinkedIn. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data with us such as your name and e-mail address. Services like Google, Facebook Connect, Twitter, LinkedIn give you the option to post information about your activities on our Websites to your profile page and to share information with others within your network.
Single sign on:
Where you have opted to use single sign on – it is in our legitimate interest to process your Personal Data in order to facilitate the single sign on function.
e) Social media features and third-party cookies
. Our Websites include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button, the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs. Where you interact with these features, those third parties may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy notice of the company providing them. If the widget is shown on our Websites, our Privacy Notice applies.  Please see our
Cookies Policy
for further information. If you provide us or our service providers with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, including End-User data or your employee’s data, you represent that you have the authority to do so and acknowledge that it will be used in accordance with this Notice.
Social media features:
Where this activity is undertaken through the use of Cookies on our Website, we rely on consent to collect your personal data and for the onward processing purpose. Please see our Cookie Policy
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
for further details. Where we use social media features, we do so in line with the terms and conditions of those providers.
Purpose: Business administration and legal compliance.
We may use your Personal Data to: a) respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including meeting national security or law enforcement requirements; b) when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, police request or other legal process served on us; c) to protect the rights of third parties; and d) in connection with a business transition such as a merger, reorganization, acquisition by another company, or sale of any of our assets.
Where we use your Personal Data in connection with a business transition, to enforce our legal rights or to protect the rights of third parties, it is in our legitimate interest to do so. For all other purposes described in this section, we have a legal obligation to use your Personal Data to comply with any legal obligations imposed upon us, such as a court order. In some jurisdictions the applicable legal basis will be the exercise of legal rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration proceedings. We will not process any special (or sensitive) categories of Personal Data or Personal Data relating to criminal convictions or offences except where we are able to do so under applicable legislation and/ or with your explicit consent.
Purpose: Receipt of products and services from our suppliers.
If we have engaged you or the organization you represent to provide us with products or services (for example, if you or the organization you represent provide us with services such as IT support or financial advice), we will collect and process your Personal Data in order to manage our relationship with you or the organization you represent, to receive products and services from you or the organization you represent and, where relevant, to provide our Services to others.
The data processed includes:
The Personal Data we collect from you may include your name, email address, telephone number, designation, billing address and any other personal data you volunteer which is relevant to our relationship with you or the organization you represent.
It is necessary for us to use your Personal Data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you or the organization you represent, or it is in our legitimate interest to use Personal Data in such a way to ensure that we have an effective working relationship with you or the organization you represent and are able to receive the products and services that you or your organization provides, and provide our Services to others, in an effective way.
Purpose: Security.
We may process your Personal Data in connection with the administration of our security measures. We have security measures in place at our premises, including CCTV and building access controls. There are signs in place showing that CCTV is in operation. The images captured are securely stored and only accessed on a need to know basis (e.g. to look into an incident). CCTV recordings are typically automatically overwritten after a short period of time unless an issue is identified that requires investigation (such as a theft). We may require visitors to our premises to sign in on arrival and where that is the case we will keep a record of visitors for a short period of time – normally only for as long as is necessary for legitimate security purposes. Our visitor records are securely stored and only accessible on a need-to-know basis (e.g. to look into an incident).
It is in our legitimate interests to process your Personal Data so that we can keep our premises secure and provide a safe environment for our personnel and visitors.
What Personal Data we collect and how we use your Personal Data?
What legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data?
B) Information that we collect from third parties.
From time to time, we may receive Personal Data about you from third party sources like databases and social media but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent to or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. The types of information we obtain from such third parties include your name, e-mail address, postal address, location, designation, telephone number and we use the information we receive from these third parties to maintain and improve customer support experience, improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you and for our sales and marketing purposes.
When processing your Personal Data received by third parties for these purposes, we will rely on the consent that you have given such third party to share data with us. Otherwise, subject to local law, our processing activities will rely on our legitimate interests to improve our customer service and ensure our marketing databases are accurate.
4. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA?
We process Personal Data in the countries in which we are established, including the United States, the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in other countries where third parties that we may use are based.
You may refer to the Freshworks Data Hosting page
here
for more information about the locations in which the Hosted Data (i.e., that which we process as a Processor during the provision of our Services) is stored.
When processing your Personal Data, we may need to share it with other third parties (including other entities within our Group Companies), as set out below. This list is non-exhaustive and there may be circumstances where we need to share Personal Data with other third parties:
With third parties assisting Freshworks in providing our Customers with the Service(s) (“
Sub-Processors
" listed
here
). Our Sub-Processors are given access to Customers’ Account and Customer data only as reasonably necessary to provide the Service(s) and will be subject to confidentiality obligations in their service agreements;
With third party service providers providing us with services, such as research and analytics, anti-spamming and anti-phishing services, marketing and data enrichment or for them to reach out to you on our behalf;
With third party payment processors who process your credit card and other payment information for Freshworks but who are otherwise not permitted to store, retain or use such information;
With third party partners for the purpose of assisting us in onboarding you and providing any further support needed to use our Services;
With sponsors of contests for which you register;
With third-party service providers that are assisting us with the operation and administration of events. If we are running an event in partnership with other organizations, we will share your Personal Data with such organizations for use in relation to the event;
With third-party social media networks, advertising networks and websites;
With external recruiters, and related organizations such as third-party providers that undertake employee background checks on our behalf and on behalf of other entities within our Group Companies;
With auditors, lawyers, accountants and other professional advisers who advise and assist us in relation to the lawful and effective management of our organization and in relation to any disputes we may become involved in;
Law enforcement or other government and regulatory agencies and bodies or other third parties as required by, and in accordance with, applicable law or regulation;
With Affiliates within Freshworks and companies that we will acquire in the future when they are made part of the Freshworks group – this may be for customer support, marketing, technical operations, account management or organizational purposes and to provide, enhance and improve the Services;
If we are involved in a merger, reorganization or other fundamental corporate change with a third party, or sell/buy a business unit to/from a third party, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by a third party, with such third party including at the due diligence stage;
Other third parties - Occasionally, we may receive requests from third parties with authority to obtain disclosure of Personal Data, such as to check that we are complying with applicable law and regulation, to investigate an alleged crime, or to establish, exercise or defend legal rights. We will only fulfil requests for Personal Data where we are permitted to do so in accordance with applicable law or regulation.
When you connect your Gmail mailbox with your Freshworks Account (see section 14 (Google API Disclosure) below).
Where necessary (such as when we transfer data to service providers) we put in place appropriate contractual arrangements and security mechanisms to protect the Personal Data shared and to comply with our data protection, confidentiality and security standards and obligations. Further details can be provided upon request.
5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF DATA
Freshworks complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). Freshworks has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Freshworks has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Model Clauses:
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the UK and/or European Authorities which give Personal Data the same protection it has in the UK and the EEA. For further details, see
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data- transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en
.
This is true whether or not the transfer is within our group, or to a third party.
With respect to Personal Data received or transferred to the United States, Freshworks is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
With respect to Personal Data subject to LGPD’s jurisdiction, Freshworks will also accomplish LGPD’s requirements for transfers of Personal Data to countries which do not have the same data protection laws.
In certain situations, Freshworks. and/or its Group Companies may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you can contact us at
dpo@freshworks.com
or via postal mail at Freshworks Inc., 2950 S. Delaware Street, Suite 201, San Mateo, CA 94403 at the attention of the Data Protection Officer with a copy to
dpo@freshworks.com
.
6. HOW DOES FRESHWORKS KEEP PERSONAL DATA SECURE?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the Personal Data that we collect and process. We have implemented information security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the Personal Data under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification and unlawful destruction or accidental loss. In addition, all our employees and data processors (i.e. those who process your Personal Data on our behalf) are obliged to respect the confidentiality of the Personal Data of all users of our Website and those who purchase our Services. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Data.
While information security risks are always evolving, so are the controls. The controls, so implemented, are periodically reviewed as part of internal and external audits. If you have questions about the security of your Personal Data, please contact us using the details in section 18.
7. EEA, UK AND SWISS SPECIFIC RIGHTS
A) Collected Data (excluding Hosted Data)
If you are an individual resident in EEA, UK or Switzerland, you have the following data protection rights regarding Collected Data:
If you wish to
exercise an
y of the following rights in relation to your Personal Data (hereinafter referred to as a “
Request
”), you can do so at any time by contacting us using the details in section 18:
Your right of access
If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may charge a reasonable fee for producing those additional copies.
Your right to rectification
If the Personal Data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you who we have shared your Personal Data with so that you can contact them.
Your right to erasure
You can ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it or where you withdraw your consent (where applicable). If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, we will also tell you who we have shared your Personal Data with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to restrict processing
You can ask us to “block” or suppress the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances such as where you contest the accuracy of that Personal Data, or you object to us processing it for a particular purpose. This may not mean that we will stop storing your Personal Data but, where we do keep it, we will tell you if we remove any restriction that we have placed on your Personal Data to stop us processing it further. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the restriction where it is possible for us to do so. If you ask us, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, we will also tell you who we have shared your Personal Data with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to data portability
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to obtain Personal Data you have provided to us (in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format) and to reuse it elsewhere or to ask us to transfer it to your chosen third party.
Your right to object
You can ask us to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so, if we are: (i) relying on our own or someone else’s legitimate interest to process your Personal Data, except if we can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for the processing; or (ii) processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Your rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automatic processing, including profiling, if it produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you, unless such profiling is necessary for the entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us.
Your right to withdraw consent
If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Your right to opt out of marketing communications
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing communications
we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), please contact us using the details in section 18.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
If you have a concern about any aspect of our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your Personal Data, please contact us using the details in section 18. You also have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
in the Member State of your residence or the place of the alleged infringement. You can find a list of contact details for all EU supervisory authorities at
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
. The UK data protection regulator is the Information Commissioner’s Office and contact details can be found at https://ico.org.uk.
If you are residing in France: your right to give instructions regarding the processing of your data after your death
You have the right to give instructions regarding the retention, deletion and disclosure of your Personal Data after your death. You may designate a person to carry out these instructions. This person is then entitled to be informed of the directives and to request their implementation from us.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights within a reasonable timeframe in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We can only process requests after we have verified your identity, which may mean requesting further information from you.
B) Hosted Data
As explained above, some of our Services include processing data on behalf of our customers in relation to Applications, tools or software that we provide. Save for the limited circumstances set out in this Notice, we are not the Data Controller of this Hosted Data as we do not determine the purposes or the means of the processing.
If you wish to access, correct, update, modify or delete Hosted Data or if you would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Customers you should direct your query to the Customer, who is the Data Controller of your data. If requested by the Customer to action a Request, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
If you are a Customer of our Services and wish to raise a Request on behalf of data subjects in connection with Hosted Data, you may raise a ticket on the support portal of the relevant Service. Please note that if a Customer has subscribed to more than one Service, a Request on a particular Service support portal is specific to that Service only and separate Requests need to be raised across other relevant Service support portals.
C) General Compliance
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Freshworks commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Freshworks in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via dpo@freshworks.com. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Freshworks cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to co-operate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. As further explained in Annex I of DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Freshworks is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
8. CALIFORNIA-RESIDENT SPECIFIC RIGHTS
Your California Privacy Rights; “Shine the Light” Law
California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share your personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
California Consumer Privacy Act
To the extent you are a 'consumer' as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and Freshworks is a 'business' as defined under CCPA, the following applies to you:
Under the CCPA, “personal information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Subject to the provisions of the CCPA, consumers have the rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information about them, as well as rights to know/access, delete, correct, and limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information and opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. You have the right to be free from discrimination based on your exercise of your CCPA rights. To the extent that we collect personal information that is subject to the CCPA, that information, our practices, and your rights are described below.
Notice at Collection Regarding the Categories of Personal Information Collected
You have the right to receive notice of certain information about our data collection, use, and disclosure. Freshworks does not sell personal information as defined by the CCPA. The following table summarizes the categories of personal information we may collect that may be disclosed to service providers. Freshworks does share personal information (as defined by the CCPA) as explained below the following table. The categories we use to describe personal information are those enumerated in the CCPA.
We may collect this personal information for the purposes described in the section above titled
'WHAT PERSONAL DATA DOES FRESHWORKS COLLECT, HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON.'
Category
Source
Identifiers (such as contact information or personal characteristics like name, email address or postal address, or social media handles)
You; our social media pages
Health Information (such as protected health information or physical or mental health status)
You
Financial Information (such as payment data, bank account information, or credit information)
You
Protected Classifications and Other Sensitive Data (such as date of birth or gender)
You
Commercial Information (such as transaction information, billing and payment records, or order history)
You
Biometric Information (such as fingerprint, voiceprint, facial recognition, or eye recognition)
You
Geolocation Information (such as approximate location based on your IP address)
You
Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information (such as IP address, device identifier (e.g. Mac), cookie or tracking pixel information, browsing or search history, or diagnostic information)
You
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information (such as call recordings, photographs, or video)
You
Professional or Employment-Related Information (such as current employer or job title)
You
Education Information (such as education history and level of education)
You
Inferences Drawn About You (such as user profile reflecting preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, or predispositions)
You
Content of Communications (such as contents of phone calls, emails, text messages, or photos)
You
Contacts (such as list of contacts you supply to us or that we may collect from your device with your permission)
You
We may share the categories of Identifiers, Geolocation Information (coarse location only), and Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information as described above with advertising partners.
We determine the retention period for each of the categories of personal information listed above based on (1) the length of time we need to retain the information to achieve the business or commercial purpose for which it was obtained, (2) any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to such information, (3) internal operational needs, and (4) any need for the information based on any actual or anticipated investigation or litigation.
Entities to whom we disclose information for business purposes are service providers, which are companies that we engage to conduct activities on our behalf. We restrict service providers from using personal information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or that you provide as described in this privacy notice:
To our Group Companies
To the following categories of service providers who are bound by law and contractual obligations to keep your personal information confidential. Service providers may use information that we share with them only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them and as otherwise permitted by law.
Payroll services providers that assist us in calculating and disbursing your salary and other compensation.
Auditing and accounting firms, such as firms that assist us in the creation of our financial records.
Professional services consultants, such as firms that perform analytics, assist with improving our business, provide legal services, or supply project-based resources and assistance.
Recruitment vendors that assist with the application process, including assessing candidate qualifications and providing the platform through which candidates submit their candidacy.
Analytics services, including entities that analyze traffic to and on our website and assist with identifying and communicating with potential customers.
Security vendors, such as entities that assist with security incident verification and response, service notifications, and fraud prevention.
IT vendors, such as entities that assist with website design, hosting and maintenance; data and software storage; and network operation.
To other external parties when required by law or to protect Freshworks or other persons, as described in this privacy notice.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Freshworks’ assets or capital stock, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or a similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Freshworks about our employees, workers and contractors is among the assets transferred. If this happens, the recipient of the personal information will continue to honor the promises made in this privacy notice, or else provide you notice of any changes.
Your rights under the CCPA
Know and request access to and correction and deletion of personal information:
You have the right to request access to personal information collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with to whom we sell or disclose it. You also have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete personal information that we have collected directly from you or correct information that we have collected about you.
Right to opt out of selling/sharing personal information:
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information to, and the sharing of your personal information with, third parties. Please note that the right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of data with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are legally and contractually obligated to use the data only for that function.
In case you would like to exercise this right please go
here
.
Right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information:
You have the right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information that we use to infer characteristics about you. If you exercise this right, we may still use and disclose sensitive information about you for limited purposes.
Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia
Residents of the States of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia have the following rights:
Opt out of “sales” of personal information and use of their personal information for “targeted advertising,
” as those terms are defined under applicable law.
Opt out of “profiling
” under certain circumstances, as defined under applicable law. (Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia only.)
Confirm processing of and access to personal information
under certain circumstances.
Correct personal information
under certain circumstances. (Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia only.)
Delete personal information
under certain circumstances.
Residents of these states can exercise their rights by contacting us using one of the methods listed below.
How to submit an opt-out, access or deletion request:
If you seek to exercise the foregoing rights to access, correct, or delete Personal Information, please contact us at
dpo@freshworks.com
or write to us
here
. We respond to all requests we receive from you wishing to exercise your rights within a reasonable timeframe in accordance with applicable data protection laws. By writing to us, you agree to receive communication from us seeking information from you in order to verify you to be the consumer from whom we have collected the Personal Information and such other information as reasonably required to enable us to honor your request.
If you are a resident of California, Colorado, or Connecticut, you may, under certain circumstances, authorize another individual or a business, called an authorized agent, to make requests on your behalf. (Authorized agents in California must be registered with the California Secretary of State.) The request should include your contact information and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. In addition, you should provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected the personal information or an authorized representative of that person. In order to protect the security of your personal information, we will not honor a request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. The method used to verify your identity will depend on the type, sensitivity, and value of the information, including the risk of harm to you posed by any authorized access, correction, or deletion. Generally speaking, verification will be performed by matching the identifying information provided by you to the personal information that we already have.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request (and will not be made more than twice in a 12-month period). If we cannot comply with a request, or cannot fully comply with a request, the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply.
Appeals
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia have the right to appeal a denial of their request by contacting us as described in the notice of denial.
9. LGPD
The LGPD grants control and self-determination to data subjects and provides compliance responsibilities for organizations such as Freshworks in regard to personal data whose data subject is located within Brazilian territory at the moment of data collection or to any offering or providing of goods or service for individuals located within Brazilian territory. The LGPD gives national regulators powers to impose significant fines and indemnification liabilities on organizations that breach this law. All content of this notice and Freshworks’s processing of personal data are in strict compliance with LGPD, where applicable. At Freshworks we take a global approach to ensure all members benefit from increased control and clarity, which is in line with our commitment to putting our Customers first and working every day to maintain the trust they put in us.
LGPD grants the following rights to those individuals subject to its jurisdiction:
Confirmation of data processing and access
You have the right to know and have access to the data we process about you.
Data correction
You have the right to request a correction of any incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data of yours that we process.
Anonymization, blocking or deletion
You have the right to request anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary or excessive data or of any data being processed contrary to the law.
Data portability
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to reuse the Personal Data you have provided to us elsewhere or to ask us to transfer it to your chosen third party.
Information on data sharing
You have the right to be informed about the public and private entities with which we may share your Personal Data.
Withdraw Consent
If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time, for all or part of the data. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent, in case which (as other applicable situations) you have the right to know what data we can retain.
You also have the right to know what the consequences of you withdrawing consent will be (for example, if it will prevent you from receiving a service).
File a complaint
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your Personal Data. The Brazilian data protection regulator is the Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados and contact details can be found at
https://www.gov.br/anpd/pt-br.
10. OPTING OUT PROCEDURE
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Freshworks commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Freshworks at: support@freshworks.com.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from Freshworks, you may click on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our marketing emails or you can contact us at
support@freshworks.com
. When using our Mobile Applications, you also have the option to turn off push notifications.
If you would like to object to the use of your Personal Data for analytics, you can contact us at
support@freshworks.com
To opt out of the use of cookies, please see update your preferences
here
.
You have the right to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties
for purposes not essential to the delivery of our services. To exercise this option, you can contact us at
support@freshworks.com
.
We will only process sensitive personal data with your explicit, affirmative consent. This includes any data related to health, ethnicity, political opinions, or similar categories.
If we receive sensitive personal data from third parties, we will treat such data with the same safeguards and restrictions applied to data collected directly from individuals.
11. OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
If you are our Customer, we will send you announcements (email or in product notifications related to the Services) on occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our Services are temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an e-mail. Generally, you may not opt-out of such communications as they are a key part of delivering our Services to you effectively. If you do not wish to receive them, you may deactivate your Account.
12. RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
We will retain Personal Data only as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected, as set out in this Notice. We will also retain it as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, for legal and litigation purposes, to maintain accurate financial and other records, deal with complaints, and enforce our agreements.
Generally, in respect of Personal Data that we process in connection with the supply of our Services, we may retain your Personal Data for up to six years from the date of supply of the relevant Services and in compliance with our data protection obligations. We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
Where we process any other Personal Data, we will generally retain relevant Personal Data for up to three years from the date of our last interaction with you (and in compliance with our data protection obligations). We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
If any Personal Data is only useful for a short period (e.g., for a specific activity, promotion or marketing campaign), we will not retain it for longer than the period for which it is used by us. If you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we will need to retain certain Personal Data on a suppression list indefinitely so that we know not to send you further marketing communications in the future. However, we will not use this Personal Data to send you further marketing unless you subsequently opt back in to receive such marketing.
Should you apply to work for us, we will retain data from your application for a limited period for record keeping and legal purposes. We may (subject to the laws in your jurisdiction) also retain your data in order to contact you if a role arises for which we think you would be suitable. Further information about this will be provided during the application process and we will ask for consent where necessary according to local law.
The above examples may vary in some cases due to local laws, liability periods and mandatory retention requirements. For example, if certain information needs to be retained for longer according to local laws, regulations or because different legal limitation periods apply, then we will keep the Personal Data for these longer periods.
13. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Websites contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by Freshworks. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Websites and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects Personal Data.
14. GOOGLE API DISCLOSURE
Freshworks has developed a functionality that allows its customers to connect their Gmail mailbox using Oauth with our products. Connecting your Gmail mailbox to your Freshworks account allows Freshworks to associate your account with your personal information on Google, to see your personal information, including any personal information you have made available, to view your email address and access your emails in order to create them as a ticket in our products, and to transmit the Customer data to third-party applications listed on
Freshworks’ Marketplace
that you integrate with your Account. The connection will further allow you to respond to your emails directly from our product and to delete them once they are fetched into our product.
Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or ML models.
Freshworks's use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy's App's
, including the Limited Use requirement.
15. CHILDREN'S PERSONAL DATA
Freshworks does not knowingly collect any Personal Data from children under the age of sixteen. If you are under the age of sixteen, please do not submit any Personal Data through our Websites or Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Notice by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data through our Services or Websites without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of sixteen has provided Personal Data to us through our Websites or Services, please contact us using the details in section 18 and we will endeavor to delete that information and terminate the child's account from our databases.
16. AMENDMENTS
Amendments to this Notice will be posted to this URL and will be effective when posted. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a conspicuous notice on this Website or via e-mail or via in-product notification, but we encourage you to review this Notice periodically to keep up to date on how we use your Personal Data. You should frequently visit this Notice to stay fully informed. Your continued use of our Websites or the Service(s) following the posting of any amendment, modification, or change to this Notice shall constitute your acceptance of the amendments to this Notice. You can choose to discontinue use of the Websites or Service(s), if you do not accept the terms of this Notice, or any modified version of this Notice.
17. EFFECT OF MERGER OR ACQUISITION
In the event Freshworks goes through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, Customers’ Accounts, Collected Data and Customer data will likely be among the assets transferred. A prominent notice will be displayed on our Websites to notify you of any such change in ownership or control and Customers will be notified via an e-mail.
18. CONTACTING FRESHWORKS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, you can contact us at dpo@freshworks.com or via postal mail at Freshworks Inc., 2950 S.Delaware Street, Suite 201, San Mateo, CA 94403 at the attention of the Data Protection Officer with a copy to
dpo@freshworks.com
.
Annex 1 – Definitions
"Controller", "Data Subject", "Personal Data Breach", "Processor"
and
"Process"
shall have the meaning given to them in the GDPR or other applicable law.
“Account”:
means any accounts or instances created by or on behalf of Customer for access to and use of any of the Service(s).
“Affiliate”:
means, with respect to a Freshworks entity, any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Freshworks entity, whereby
“control”
(including, with correlative meaning, the terms “controlled by” and “under common control”) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct, or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.
“API”:
means the application programming interfaces developed, enabled by, or licensed to Provider that permits a User to access certain functionality provided by the Service(s).
“Apps”:
mean the software applications listed on the Market Place which are created, developed, licensed, or owned by third-party developers. The term also includes any updates, upgrades and other changes to such software applications and versions thereof.
“Documentation”:
means, the then-current, generally available user documentation provided by Freshworks detailing the functionalities of the Software and the Services.
"GDPR"
shall mean the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and any legislation relating to the processing of personal data effective in the UK and/or Switzerland that is intended to replicate or maintain some or all of the provisions, rights and obligations set out in Regulation (EU) 2016/679, as relevant.
“LGPD”
means “Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais”, which corresponds to the Brazilian data protection law no. 13.709/2018.
“Market Place”:
means an online marketplace for Apps that interoperate with the Service(s). Its Website(s) is
https://www.freshworks.com/apps/
.
“Mobile Applications”:
mean the software applications created, developed, and owned by Freshworks to enable access and use of the Service(s) through mobile or other handheld devices (such as apps on iOS or Android devices).
"Personal Data"
means, data relating to an individual who is or can be identified either from the data or from the data in conjunction with other information that is in, or is likely to come into, the possession of the data controller (as defined under applicable data protection laws).
“Processing”/“To Process”:
means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction.
“Customer Data":
means all electronic data, text, messages or other materials, including, without limitation, Personal Data of Users and End Users, submitted to the Services by Customer or its Users through Customer’s Account in connection with Customer’ use of the Services.
“Service(s)”:
means, the Freshworks software-based service offerings identified on the SOF and any Updates, including any Software, API or Documentation made available by Freshworks with such offering, but excludes any applications or APIs separately provided by third parties.
“Software”:
means the generally available software provided by Freshworks in connection with Customer’s use of the Services, and includes Mobile Apps, but excludes any applications or APIs that are provided by third parties.
“User”
: means, any individual who is authorized by Customer to use the Services, including an Account administrator, employees, consultants, contractors, and agents of Customer or its Affiliates, and third parties with which Customer or its Affiliates transact business.
Login to account
We make it fast and easy for your  to delight customers and employees.
Start new trial
We use cookies to track visitors, measure ads, ad campaign effectiveness and analyze site traffic. We may also share information about your use of our site with 3rd parties. For more info, see, our
Cookie Policy
and our
Privacy Policy
. By clicking on "
Cookie Preference Manager
" you can choose to enable only certain cookie categories. By clicking "Accept all" you agree to the storing of all cookies on your device.
Reject all
Accept all
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Advertising Cookies
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
Select All Hosts
Select All
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Apply
Confirm My Choices
Allow All
Sub-policy 7
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies