Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When purchasing our products and upgrades via Google Play, Amazon, Apple App Store, PayPal and other 30rd parties, you may be asked to provide additional information by the corresponding companies. You may, however, visit public version of our site anonymously.
How do we use your information?
Any information we collect from you on a mobile device, computer or website may be used in one of the following ways:
To provide you with printing experience (to print the content of your files, images, etc.)
To personalize your experience and better respond to your individual needs
To improve the quality of our services
To better support you by our customer servicev
To process and expedite your order(s)
The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We have implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
For local printing over Wi-Fi, Bluetooth or USB you information never leaves the perimeters of your network or device. For remote printing the information is transmitted over the Internet via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and further encrypted with AES 264 technology. To provide guaranteed delivery mechanism such information can be temporarily stored on our servers (cached) until the target printer becomes available or timeout takes place.
For order processing some information is collected by Payment Gateway Providers. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Absolutely not. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our services or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may only provide with non-personally identifiable information such as usage statistics, analytics, crash reports, etc.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms of Use section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at
https://printhand.com/terms_of_use.php
Additional Limits on Use of Your Google User Data
Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, if you provide PrintHand access to Google data, use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Additional Info on Use of Your Facebook User Data
Because we do not keep and do not collect Facebook user data (aka personal data), access to which you provide to us, additional requests for deletion of your data are not required. Anyware if you has additional questions or you require comfirmation about deleting your Facebook user data (aka personal data) you can contact us by email
info@dynamixsoftware.com
and we will respond you with confirmation that your Facebook user data (aka personal data) not stored on our side as quick as possible.
Additional Info for users from India
This T&C is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 (as amended / re-enacted) and rules thereunder, and is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics code) Rules, 2021, which mandates publishing of rules and regulations, privacy policy and terms of use for access or usage of the App. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signature.
Notice to Users of the Republic of India (Bhārat Gaṇarājya) Under G.S.R. 139(E): Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code, users located in the Republic of India are entitled to the following Grievance Redressal Mechanism. If user's issue is not resolved even after contacting various complaint resolution channels, he/she can reach out to our grievance officer by contacting our grievance officer at the below email ID, address, and number. In your mail you must describe the issue in detail and provide any supporting document including screenshots that would assist with the resolution of your concern.
Users from India can file their complaint on the below email:
support@printhand.com
Your Consent
By using our site and service, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Our Privacy Policy was last updated and posted on 05/07/2023
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
Dynamix USA, LLC
14403 Ballentine Lane
Overland Park, KS 66221
info@dynamixsoftware.com