ABOUT USED CARS NI
/ PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Used Cars NI Ltd takes your privacy very seriously and we are committed to protecting your personal information in line with GDPR, Data Protection and Privacy Laws.  This privacy policy aims to help you understand how we collect, use and protect your personal information when using our website or other digital platforms.  We aim to be fully transparent and to give you control over how your data is used wherever possible.
Please note that this policy can change from time-to-time and that the latest version will always be available on this website.  Please review regularly for any changes that may be made.
Used Cars NI owns and operates
UsedCarsNI.com,
Jookit.com, CarFinderScotland.co.uk,
DriveItAway.co.uk
and DealerConnect.co.uk. This privacy policy is applicable to all of these operations.
About Used Cars NI Ltd.
Used Cars NI Ltd is a Northern Ireland based online marketplace for automotive vehicles.  We provide our service through a fully responsive website and mobile applications.  We offer a wide range of options for both buying and selling in the motor industry. To provide as comprehensive a range of products and services as possible, we need to collect and process information about you.  This includes information collected when you visit or use our online services as well as information you provide to us via phone, text messaging, emails, post and other correspondences including in person.
Used Cars NI Ltd is the data controller concerning any personal information specified in this privacy policy.  Our contact details are:
Used Cars NI Ltd
14 Lower Crescent
Belfast
Northern Ireland
BT7 1NR
If you have any queries about your personal data or this privacy policy please email us at
support@usedcarsni.com
or call us on 028 9032 4065 (Phone lines are open from 9am until 5pm, Monday to Friday).
Credit Cards
We do not store credit card details nor do we share these customer details with any
3rd
parties outside of our payment service providers.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your computer through the browser.  They are regularly used as a way of the browser remembering what the browser has done in the past.  This allows your browser to attempt to optimise your experience by making features quicker for the user.  We use cookies on our site to enrich your experience by tailoring it to be closer to your needs.  They also enable us to learn about all our users so that we can expand and develop our business to be more effective in the future.  This accounts for who has seen which pages, how frequently certain pages are visited, and which are the most popular areas of our website.  These may be used for us and our third parties to show the user the most relevant advertising online.
There are numerous types of cookies which exist:
Strictly necessary cookies – These are cookies without which the site will not operate. These allow you to perform such operations as logging in.  Without it, we could not have an effective area of the site to upload cars.  It simply wouldn’t be possible.
Analytical and Performance Cookies – This cookie allows third parties to collect information about visitors to allow the development of statistics, such as total site visitors or total page impressions.
Functionality Cookies – These are cookies who aim to help the functional operations and speed of a website.  For example, they will remember that you have visited the site before and wish to remain logged in.
Ad serving Cookies – These cookies allow target advertisements to appear on the site. This allows third parties to optimise their adverts towards your interests.
Targeting Cookies – These websites record the user’s visit to the website and the browsing habits which accompany this user.  They are used to enhance advertising to the user and may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advert.
A cookie can not grab data from your hard-drive, damage your device, run programmes on your device or release viruses.   You can change your browser to restrict cookie usage.  Some useful links on this include:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Google Chrome Guide -
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&ref_topic=14666
Microsoft Guide -
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Mozilla Firefox Guide -
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Apple and Safari Guide -
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US
If you wish to turn off Cookies on our website or amend your cookie preferences, please click the cookie icon in the bottom-left corner of this page or on any of the "About" pages.
For more information on third-party advertising-related cookies and how to opt-out of them, please visit on of the following third-party websites:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
Our site also links to other websites.  These other sites will have their own privacy policies which will govern how the use personal information.  We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of these third parties.
What Information We Collect and How We Use It
Information you provide when placing an advert on the website
We collect your email address, name, address and telephone number when registering for the site.  We also collect details of the vehicle(s) you wish to sell as well as payment details and IP Address. Your email address and name are used to communicate with you as to how to use your login area which is where you can place and edit your adverts.  We will also confirm your advert has been published. Your name will be shown on your advert, but you can choose to hide this at any time by amending the options in your login area.  Browsers of the site will also be able to send email enquiries to your email address through a link on the published car details page but will be unable to see your email unless you respond.  It is intended to help you answer any queries in the process of selling the car.  You can choose to turn this feature off at any time by amending the options in your login area. Furthermore, we will contact you via email when your advert expires to give you the option of extending the advertisement.
Your address and postcode are used to allow potential buyers an awareness of whether you are within the available travel vicinity for them to purchase the vehicle. You can choose to hide certain details of your location at any time by amending the options in your login area.
Your telephone number is published to allow browsers of the site to contact you regarding the purchasing of your vehicle.
Vehicle Registration Numbers are used by us to generate data about your car for ease of upload.  They also used for regulatory purposes.  The vehicle registration number is hidden on your advert. Please be reminded that if you upload a photograph of the car with the Registration Number visible, this can be seen by browsers of the site.
Information may be used to provide analysis so that we may further develop our website to make it a better service.
We do not store credit card details.  Payment details are required for you to pay for your advert.  We use third parties to manage online card payment transactions. Information is collected securely on their gateways.  More information can be found here:
Stripe and their privacy policy -
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
Worldpay and their privacy policy -
https://www.worldpay.com/uk/privacy-policy
Braintree and their privacy policy -
https://www.braintreepayments.com/en-gb/legal/braintree-privacy-policy
PayPal and their privacy policy -
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
We use your IP Address to make sure you are a human entity as opposed to a bot or other computer-based entity, to further develop our understanding of our customers to further our service, and to help determine your location to orientate our service more specifically to your needs.  This also allows us to limit access to the site of potential fraudsters.
Information you provide when browsing the website
If you place an email enquiry for any item advertised on the website, we will require your first name, last name, telephone number and email address.  This information will be passed onto the seller as well as held by Used Cars NI Ltd. An email enquiry clearly indicates that you are giving authorisation for your details to be passed on to the other party and that they may contact you in response to your request.
Google
act as our provider of third party reviews to improve the site, and they may contact you to request a review (see Disclosure of Your Information below).
If you use our live chat service you may end up disclosing such information as your name, email address, telephone number or anything else which you choose to type into the service.  This information will be passed onto the seller as well as held by Used Cars NI Ltd. A live chat interaction clearly indicates that you are giving authorisation for your details to be passed on to the other party and that they may contact you in response to your request.
We use your IP Address to make sure you are a human entity as opposed to a bot or other computer-based entity, to further develop our understanding of our customers to further our service, and to help determine your location to orientate our service more specifically to your needs.  This also allows us to limit access to the site of potential fraudsters.
We may also collect information on your location whilst browsing.  We use this to analyse our current audience to better develop our current product and services.
We may use cookies on our site to figure out how and what you browse.  This allows us to create audiences for marketing purposes. For more information, and to opt-out, see our cookies section.
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users' needs and to optimise this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users' experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don't like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our user's behaviour and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. To opt-out, see our cookies section. For further details, please see the "
About Hotjar
" section of Hotjar's support site.
How We Use the Information Collected
We use the information we collect from the user as follows:
To publish and maintain the website, services and products we offer and to co-ordinate our online operations including analysis, testing, statistical research and to make the site a better experience for the user.
To understand who uses our website and what they require most.  This allows us to develop the best new services to encourage people to buy and sell vehicles through the website.
To provide those customers who do wish to be contacted, relevant and appropriate email updates to optimise the experience of buying or selling a vehicle.
To identify the location of visitors to both optimise their experience, but also to block fraudulent use of the site.
The Basis Upon Which We Process Your Data and Information
We process your data on the basis specified below.  We may process this on more than one lawful ground depending on the purpose for which we are processing it:
Performance of a Contract – Our service requires that we connect buyers and sellers of vehicles. Whether you buy or sell a vehicle through the website, you are entering into a contract with Used Cars NI Ltd with regards to the use of the service.  We require the personal information to fulfil this contractual obligation, to provide the service you request and to fully manage and assist you as much as possible.
Consent – Where we have processed your data for marketing purposes, such as sending you communications, this is based on you having opted-in and having given us consent. You can choose to remove this consent at any time by contacting us on
support@usedcarsni.com
.  We will cease processing data in this case, but that does not affect any processing of data we have previously undertaken before your withdrawal.  If you have contacted a dealer or third party in any way which passes on your details to the party involved, your data may be used by them to respond to your request before we can withdraw consent.  In this event you will be required to contact them to withdraw consent of them using your personal data.
Legal Obligation – We process your information where it is necessary for legal or statutory requirements.  This includes our co-operation with the police and trading standards.
Legitimate Interest – We process your information to help our services, improve the website, understand how visitors use the site, undertake marketing research, improve security on the website and generally improve anything we can for the good of our users. This includes requesting a review of our services (see
Google
below). It is of legitimate interest to us to monitor communications between buyers and sellers and to assist in disputes and disagreements.
Disclosure of Your Information
At all times we will refrain from passing on your data to a third party except as laid out in this policy or with your consent.  To provide our services to you, we may need to appoint other organisations to carry out services on our behalf.  We may disclose your personal information for the following purposes and circumstances:
We will send your information to any sellers or relevant third parties to enable them to provide you the services and products that you have consented to receive. These third parties may then transfer, process or store your personal information elsewhere, whether in the European Economic Area (EEA) or outside it, for their business purposes relative to their own privacy policies.  If you require more information or have queries relating to how these companies handle your data, please contact them and read their privacy policies.
We use
Google
as a third party provider of review services and they act as a Data Processor where we are the Data Controller. We do this specifically and only to get feedback from users so we can continually improve our service.
We may disclose your information to other service providers we use that help us run our website and operations.  Some of these may be based outside the EEA.  We also use plugins from third party companies and information about your visit may be collected by these companies.  This also applies in cases where you are still logged in to the third-party website.  If you require more information or have queries relating to how these companies handle your data, please contact them and read their privacy policies.
Where your personal information has been transferred out side the EEA, we will take full and proper steps to ensure that your information is protected in accordance with this privacy policy.
If we have a legal obligation or to enforce other agreements or our terms and conditions, we are under a duty to disclose your personal information.
We may disclose your data in the case of use potentially buying or selling a business asset. This includes if a third party was to acquire all or part of Used Cars NI Ltd.
Other parties including – the police, trading standards, other public and private sector agencies, government bodies and representative government bodies, legal advisors, professional advisors and any other third party to help prevent fraud and other illegal activities.
Our staff will have access to your personal information to ensure our service performs its intended purpose.
Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Information
You have several rights regarding your personal information in Used Cars NI Ltd. When you exercise these rights, we will provide you information as to the action taken within 30 days of receiving your request.  If no action is taken, we will provide an explanation as to why within 30 days.  If we require the deadline to be extended, you will be informed within 30 days of request.  Your rights are as follows:
Right of Access – You have the right to request a copy of all personal information that we hold about you.  If we refuse this request under right of access, we will provide a reason as to why.
Right of Rectification – if information about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to correct these inaccuracies or complete the information.
Right to Erasure – in certain circumstances you can have your personal information deleted. This only applies in one of the following scenarios:
Where we no longer require the information for the purpose it was obtained.
Where the processing requires your consent and the consent has been withdrawn.  There must be no other legal reason for us to retain it.
Where you have used your right to object to the processing and there are no higher reasons for processing.
Where you have objected to the use of your information specifically for marketing purposes.
Where your information has been unlawfully processed.
Where we are required to erase it to meet legal obligations.
You may not have it deleted if it is required for compliance for a legal obligation, where the performance of processing it is in the public’s interest or to establish a defence against legal claims.
Right to Restriction of Processing – In certain conditions, you have the right to restrict the processing of your data
Right to Data Portability – in certain conditions you have the right to have your data transferred from our Website to another organisation.
Right to Objection of Processing – for certain types of processing you have the right to object to the processing occurring, e.g., direct marketing.
Right to Complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office – you may complain at any time about the processing of your data or how a complaint is being handled if you feel we have failed to comply properly.  If you have any complaints we would advise you to contact us first at
support@usedcarsni.com
.  You can also lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can find details on how to submit a complaint on their website
www.ico.org.uk
.
Where We Store Your Data
Used Cars NI Ltd will always take all reasonable methods to ensure that your data is safe and secure always and that it is treated appropriately as described in this privacy policy.
Information you provide is handled in accordance with other service providers privacy policies and may be transferred, stored and processed outside of the EEA.  When data has been transferred outside the EEA we will ensure that all safeguards possible are in place to provide appropriate protection. This may include contractual agreements being included with our service providers in a manner which is recognised as suitable by the EU.
Where a third party we work with transfers your data outside the EEA, we are not responsible for the use of the data except where they act as our processor.  If you have questions regarding these third parties, please contact them and read their privacy policies.
Retention Policy
We will process personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected for.  This includes legal, accounting, reporting and crime prevention requirements.  The time period depends on the use of the information and the services we offer.  For all personal data where you can be identified we will not hold anything longer than 10 years.  In some cases, we may anonymise your data so that it can be used for research and statistical analysis.  In these cases, you will no longer be identifiable from the data.  This data may be used indefinitely without notice to you.
Introduction
Refund Policy
What Our Customers Say
Mobile Apps
F.A.Q.
Terms of use
Domains
Privacy Policy
Delivery Policy
Complaints
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.worldpay.com/uk/privacy-policy:
English (US)
Careers
Sign In
Products
Take
Make
Manage
Do more
Online
Accept payments online
In store
Accept payments in person
Omnichannel
Accept payments across channels
Embedded
Embedded payments for software platforms
Payouts
Disburse funds all over the world
Optimize
Enhance your payments and authorization rates
Protect
Safeguard your payments
Understand
Analyze your payments data to improve performance
Loyalty and gift
Additional offerings for your customers
Embedded Finance
Embedded Finance technology for software companies
Who we serve
By business type
By industry
By partner type
Small business
Helping SMBs thrive and grow
Enterprise
Delivering on a massive scale to big businesses
Software platforms
Embedded solutions for software companies
Marketplaces
Where sellers get paid and make payouts
Crypto
Digital content and subscriptions
Field services for software platforms
Financial services
Gaming
Practice management for software platforms
Public sector
Restaurants
Retail
Software platforms
Travel and airlines
Financial institutions
Empower your bank customers with cutting-edge payment solutions
Independent sales organizations
Growing ISO revenue through innovative solutions and dedicated service
Software platforms
Embedded solutions for software companies
Customer stories
Read how our customers have solved their most pressing problems with Worldpay products
Insights
Insights
Articles
Read our insights about payments-related topics
Guides
Learn from our industry expertise
Customer stories
Discover how Worldpay helps all types of businesses
Resources
For customers
For developers
Support
Get the help you need
Account login
Find your login link
Developer Hub
Startup, SMB, software company, or large enterprise – we’ve got you covered with developer resources.
About
Company
About us
Details about Worldpay as a company
Executive team
See who is shaping Worldpay strategically
Careers
As a Worldpayer, you own your career
Newsroom
Get up to date on recent Worldpay news
Legal
Your hub for all of our legal documentation
Contact us
404 - Page Not Found
The page you were looking for could not be found.
Back to Home
Sub-policy 1
https://www.braintreepayments.com/en-gb/legal/braintree-privacy-policy:
<< Back To Home Page
Braintree Privacy Statement
1. Overview
2. Your privacy rights and choices
3. The personal data we collect
4. Where personal data comes from
5. Why we collect personal data
6. How and why we share personal data
7. How we protect your personal data
8. How long do we keep your personal data
9. How and where we transfer your personal data
10. How this statement changes over time
11. Children’s privacy
12. Contact Us
13. Additional Information
Braintree Privacy Statement
Last updated on 1 November 2023
1. Overview
This privacy statement explains how and why PayPal UK Ltd, as a controller, collects, stores, uses, shares and transfers personal data when you visit our websites offering Braintree services or use the Braintree services. Reading it will help you understand your privacy rights and the choices may you have.
PayPal UK Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) as an electronic money institution under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 for the issuance of electronic money (firm reference number 994790), in relation to its regulated consumer credit activities under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (firm reference number 996405) and for the provision of Cryptocurrency services under the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 (firm reference number 1000741). Some of PayPal UK Ltd’s products including PayPal Pay in 3 and PayPal Working Capital are not regulated by the FCA. PayPal UK Ltd’s company number is 14741686 and its registered address is Whittaker House, Whittaker Avenue, Richmond-Upon-Thames, Surrey, United Kingdom, TW9 1EH.
“Personal data” in this statement means information about you, including your identity, financial information, contact information, and online behavior.
2. Your privacy rights and choices
When it comes to how your personal data is collected, stored, used, and shared, you have rights and choices.
a. Understanding your rights
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data, restrict processing, correct inaccuracies, anonymize or delete, and transfer your data that we’ve collected about you, subject to limitations under applicable law.
You may also have the right to review the outcome of certain automated decisions and request not be subjected to automated decision-making. If you want to exercise any of your rights, please contact us.
b. Understanding your choices
Here are some of the ways we communicate with you and the choices you have to limit these communications.
How we communicate with you
Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered.
If you use our services to pay for goods and services, we may contact you via email, telephone, or send you paper mail. We do this when we reply to a message from you or when we have to communicate with you to comply with a law or other obligation. These messages contain important information and you may not opt out of receiving them.
If you are an existing merchant using our services so your customers can pay you, we may contact you using a telephone, email, text, paper mail, and send notifications to your merchant dashboard to help manage your account, deliver important information to you, and market our products and services.
If you are a merchant inquiring about our payment services, we may contact you via email or telephone to market our products and services and answer questions you may have about how our services work.
Depending on how we send the marketing communications, you can either click the unsubscribe link in any marketing email, opt out of a text message by replying “STOP,” or turn off notifications on your device to stop receiving these types of messages.
3. The personal data we collect
We may collect your personal data when you visit our websites, create a merchant account, or use our payment services to buy or sell goods and services.
Here are the kinds of personal data that we may collect when you use our services to purchase goods and services or contact us:
Information that identifies you, for example:
First and last name
Shipping address
IP address
Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies
Records and financial information, for example:
Credit and debit card information
Commercial information, for example:
Transaction information
Internet or network activity, for example:
Interactions with our services
Geolocation information, for example:
IP-based geolocation
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, for example:
Call recordings when you talk to customer service
Information we infer based on your personal data, for example:
Fraud and risk assessments
Here are the kinds of personal data that we may collect when you inquire about our services, create a merchant account with us, or use our services so your customers can pay you. This may also include the personal data of your employees:
Information that identifies you, for example:
First and last name
IP address
Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies
Records and financial information, for example:
National identification Number
Government-issued identification
Bank account and routing numbers
Personal characteristics, for example:
Age
Internet or network activity, for example:
Interactions with our services or websites
Geolocation data, for example:
IP-based geolocation
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, for example:
Call recordings when you call us
Photo IDs
Professional or employment information, for example:
Business information, contact emails and phone numbers
Tax IDs
Information we infer based on your personal data, for example:
Fraud and risk assessments
Here are the kinds of personal data that we may collect when you visit our websites:
Information that may identify you, for example:
IP address
Email address
Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies
Internet or network activity, for example:
Interactions with our services or websites
Information we infer based on your data, for example:
Fraud and risk assessments
4. Where personal data comes from
We may collect personal information about you from various sources, for example from:
Website visitors and those who inquire about our services
Merchants and their employees
Your customers when they pay you using our services
Our payment partners, such as card networks and payment processors
Credit bureaus
Service providers, such as companies that help us manage risk and fraud, deliver services to you, and market our services
a. How we use tracking technologies
We or our authorized service providers may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect data whenever you use our services, visit our websites, or visit websites that offer our services. The information collected with these technologies helps us deliver our services, measure the effect of our ads, prevent fraud and enhance the security of our websites and service.
You can disable or decline some cookies for our websites and services. But, since some parts of our service rely on cookies to work, those services could become difficult or impossible to use.
To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit
About Ads
.
5. Why we collect personal data
We collect personal data for many reasons, including to improve your experience, and to run our business. Let’s look at some specific reasons why we collect your personal data.
If you use our services to pay for goods and services or contact us, we may use your information for our legitimate interests to:
Communicate with you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Run our websites and provide payment processing services.
Manage and improve our business.
Protect you from risk and fraud.
Comply with laws.
If you are a merchant (or the merchant’s employee) who use our services so your customer can pay you, we may use your information to fulfill our contract with you and for our legitimate interests to:
Communicate with you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Run our websites and provide services, for example to verify access to your account and enable payment processing.
Manage and improve our business.
Protect our business and our customers from risk and fraud.
Market our products and services.
Personalize your experience when you use our websites and services.
Contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Comply with laws and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our services.
If you visit our websites or inquire about our services, we may use your information in our legitimate interests to:
Communicate with you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Manage everyday business needs.
Protect our business and our customers from risk and fraud.
Analyze and improve our services.
Market our products and services.
Comply with laws.
6. How and why we share personal data
We do not sell your personal data. However, we may share data across our services and with other members of the PayPal corporate family. Sometimes we also share the personal data we collect with third parties to help us provide services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products to merchants and those who inquire about our services, and comply with legal obligations.
You can review the kinds of personal data that we may share by reviewing
The personal data we collect
section.
We may share personal data with:
Other members of the PayPal corporate family
Merchants to help us manage risk, fraud and to help provide us with information to effectively communicate with you to meet our legal obligations
Service providers that help us with processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, and security
Card networks and payment processors
Courts, governments, regulators and law enforcement when accompanied by a subpoena or other legal documentation that requires PayPal or members of our corporate family to respond
Third-party tools used to help fight spam and abuse.
Other third parties to:
Comply with laws
Investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement
Facilitate a merger, purchase, or sale of part or all of our business
Comply with card association rules
To prevent physical harm or illegal activity
7. How we protect your personal data
Helping to keep your personal data safe against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration is our top priority.
To protect your personal data, we use technical, physical, and administrative security measures that include:
Firewalls
Data encryption
Physical access controls at our data centers
While we protect our systems and services, you’re responsible for keeping your password(s) and account information private. Also, you’re responsible for making sure your personal information is accurate and up to date.
8. How long do we keep your personal data
We retain personal data for the time necessary to fulfil your request and our legal obligations. We may maintain personal data for longer periods if it is our legitimate business interests and not prohibited by law. If you no longer use our services, we may keep your personal data and other information as required by law and according to our data retention policy. If we do, we’ll continue to handle it as we describe in this statement.
9. How and where we transfer your personal data
Our operations are supported by a network of computers, cloud-based servers, and other infrastructure and information technology, including, but not limited to, third-party service providers.
The parties mentioned above may be established in jurisdictions other than your own and outside the UK These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with UK data protection law, to protect your Personal Data. In particular, for transfers of EEA Personal Data within PayPal related companies, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (
available here
). For transfers of personal data from the UK, these are based on contractual protections such as the UK Addendum (approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office) to the EU standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission. Please contact us for more information about this.
If you make transactions with parties outside the UK or connect our Service with platforms, such as social media, outside the UK, we are required to transfer your Personal Data with those parties in order to provide the requested Service to you.
10. How this statement changes over time
We’ll make changes to this privacy statement from time to time. This helps us stay up to date with changes to our business and the most current laws. After a new version is published, we’ll collect, store, use, and protect your personal data as we outline in that revised statement.
If the new version reduces your rights or increases your responsibilities, we’ll post it on the
Policy Updates
or
Privacy Statement
page of our website at least 21 days before it becomes effective.
We may also notify you about these changes through email or other communications.
11. Children’s privacy
Our services are for a general audience and are not directed at individuals under the age of majority. We do not knowingly collect information from children and individuals who are not legally able to use our services. If we realize that information has been collected from a child, we will move to promptly delete it, unless we are legally required to keep this information. You can help us by informing us if you believe that we have unintentionally collected information from a child, please contact us.
12. Contact Us
If you wish to learn more about our privacy practices, exercise your rights, or have questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us following the instructions below. You can exercise your rights whether you use PayPal services or Braintree services (card payments made on a merchant’s website) by visiting
PayPal’s website
, and submitting your inquiry using the contact information provided in our privacy statement.
Users have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office: website:
https://ico.org.uk/
, address: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF.
Our Data Protection Officer can be reached at PayPal UK Ltd, Whittaker House, Whittaker Avenue, Richmond-Upon-Thames, Surrey, United Kingdom, TW9 1EH.
13. Additional Information
Customers in the UK
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country.
Specifically, you acknowledge that PayPal may do any and all of the following with your information:
a. Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation laws implementing the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) and OECD Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by FATCA or CRS, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies.
b. Disclose Account Information to intellectual property right owners if under the applicable law they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used.
c. Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
d. If you as a merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such partner necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
e. Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
f. Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to personal information.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statement
1. Overview
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
3. Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
10. Your Data Protection Rights
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement
16. Users in the UK
17. Definitions
18. Our Contact Information
Status disclosure
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statement
Last updated on 1 February 2025
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or in general questions regarding your Personal Data. Your information will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
1. Overview
PayPal UK Ltd (“we,” “our,” “us,” “PayPal”) provides this Privacy Statement to describe our use of your Personal Data when you use your PayPal account, Xoom account, visit our websites, apply for, or use our services (collectively, the “
Services
”). This Privacy Statement does not apply to Other Services, such as Hyperwallet. We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in the “
Definitions
” section below.
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
In the United Kingdom (UK),
PayPal UK Ltd
is the data controller for the Personal Data collected and processed in connection with Personal Data obtained when you visit our website, during the registration and application process, and throughout your continued use of the services.
Some of the third-parties that we share Personal Data with are independent data controllers. This means that we are not the ones that dictate how the data that we share will be processed. Examples are authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. When your data is shared with independent data controllers, their data policies will apply. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
For more information about how we protect your Personal Data when transferred outside of the UK, please see Section 8, (“
International Transfers of Personal Data
”).
For most of our Services, we act as a “data controller”, however there are some products and features where PayPal may also act as a “data processor” when providing services to our Partners and Merchants.  The “data controller” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that has the control over the purposes and means by which the data processing is performed.  The “data processor” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that processes the Personal Information for the data controller, for the data controller’s specific purposes, and as otherwise permitted under applicable data protection laws.
3. Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal or Xoom account. We will collect Personal Data from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Pay Without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. Braintree), use PayPal Groups, use a Fastlane profile, or when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders (“Recipient”). If you use Pay Without a PayPal account, we may link your transaction information with your PayPal account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create a PayPal account later. We use the term “User” to apply to account and non-account holders. If you are a non-account holder, your Personal Data will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
With a Fastlane profile, individuals can store their payment methods and other Personal Data with PayPal so that they can complete the checkout process faster, create a store or loyalty account, or facilitate other transactions at participating Partners and Merchants with payment card, contact information, shipping data or other data they save in their Fastlane profile as relevant to the specific interaction, participating Partner or Merchant, all without having to manually input payment method details and other Personal Data each time they check out (“Fastlane”).
When you create a Fastlane profile, PayPal will store your Personal Data, including your name, email, phone number, address information,  billing information and payment method details, and other data that will be relevant to specific Partner or Merchant interactions, and pre-populate that information in the checkout flows or other interactive features of participating Partners and Merchants so that you can enjoy a faster Partner and Merchant experience by not having to manually input your payment or other information. We will also collect transaction and other Partner or Merchant data related to your purchases and other Partner and Merchant interactions when you use Fastlane. If you have a Fastlane profile, we may recognize you as a Fastlane user when you shop on the participating Partners and Merchants sites and we may prompt you to engage in participating Partner or Merchant interactions, such as register for a store or loyalty account  using your Fastlane profile information. If you choose to interact with participating Partners or Merchants through Fastlane, you agree to let PayPal disclose your Fastlane profile information to the Participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and to facilitate your transaction and shopping experience on the participating Partners and Merchants sites.
When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the Partner and Merchant may disclose Personal Data with PayPal that we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement.
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
We collect the following categories of information about you to provide our Services, continually improve your user experience, manage and improve our business. The types of Personal Data we collect about you are described below.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from you
,
including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Registration and Contact Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect your name, mailing address, email, income, telephone number, tax ID, Payment Information, profession, employment or business information, and other information necessary to establish an account or profile and use our Services.
Identification and Signature Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect information to verify your name, address, email, phone number, government- issued identification, age and biometric data as well as to create and issue your electronic signature.
Payment Information
. Information such as amount you send or request, your payment instrument, card, or financial or funding account used in connection with the Services, including issuer name, card type, country code, payment account number, CVV, username, and IBAN information.
Information about your imported contacts
. If you choose to import your contact lists, we will collect Information you enter or import about your contacts, such as name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts you import or enter manually.
Information in your PayPal Account Profile.
Information you choose to enter such as your username, email, mobile number, profile picture, preferred language, or personal description which may include sensitive Personal Data that reveals religious beliefs, political or philosophical views, disability, sexual orientation as well as biometric data. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us
. Information you disclose when you respond to surveys, or contact our customer support teams, such as Services you have used, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account or profile status, repayment history, voice identification. This may include information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Device Information.
Information that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Inferred data.
We may derive inferences from your transactions and personal data when you use the Services. We do this, for example, to help keep your account and profile secure and protect your use of the Services from fraud. We may draw inferences that reflect your behaviour patterns and personal preferences, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from third parties,
including from identity verification vendors, data brokers, vendors that help us with fraud detection, your bank, Partners and Merchants or third party platforms you engage with using our Services:
Information from your connected third party accounts
. If you choose to connect non-financial or financial account such as your personal email, social media, or bank or credit accounts, we will collect information consistent with the disclosed purpose for which it was linked. For example, if you choose to participate in
Open Banking
, we will collect account credentials, account balances, account transactions, and information about your financial standing from your linked accounts. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time.
Information from Credit Reporting Agencies
. Where permitted by law, we collect credit-related information such as outstanding and historical debt, repayment history, previous credit approvals, current employment relationship, and relationship with other financial institutions within the framework of your use of our Services.
Transaction Information
. Information about your order details and purchases, such as item description, quantity, price, currency, shipping address, online shopping cart information, seller and buyer information, and Payment Information. This includes information from your transactions where you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Guest checkout).
Information related to legal requirements
. Consistent with applicable law (such as anti-money laundering laws), this may include information from external sanction lists such as name, date of birth, place of birth, occupation, and the reason why the person is on the list in question.
Third party applications
. Information from others from your use of third-party applications, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, social networking sites, such as name, your social network ID, Location Information, email, device ID, browser ID, and profile picture. Your use of third-party applications is subject to the privacy notice and terms of service for such applications.
Categories of Personal Data automatically collected about you, including through your access to our website or mobile app, from cookies and similar tracking technologies, and your devices:
Technical Usage Data
. Information about response time for web pages, download errors and date and time when you used the service, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Information from your device
. Information about your language settings, IP address, browser ID, device ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, and data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies,
Location Information
. Information from IP-based geolocation such as latitude and longitude data, and Global Positioning System (GPS) information when you give us permission through your device settings.
Inferred data
. Inferences drawn to create a profile about you that may reflect behavior patterns and personal preferences, such as gender, income, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
We may
process
your Personal Data for a variety of reasons that are permitted under data protection laws applicable in the UK and in accordance with the lawful bases below:
We collect the following Personal Data we consider
necessary to fulfil our pre-contractual and contractual obligations
to you and without which you will not be able to use the Services.
Necessary categories of Personal Data include:
Registration and Contact Information
Identification and Signature Information
Payment Information
Information related to legal requirements
Information you provide when you contact us
Transaction information
Package Tracking
Service-specific Personal Data
Information from credit reporting agencies and financial institutions
Information from your connected financial accounts
Information from your use of the Services
Technical usage data
Device information
Location data
These activities include
:
to provide our Services, to fulfil relevant agreements with you and to otherwise administer our business relationship with you. If you are using Fastlane, we will also use your Personal Data and payment method details to determine whether the payment you are making with a participating Partner or Merchant is authorised by you and likely to be successfully authorised by the payment method you choose to use when you make a purchase using details from your Fastlane profile.
to administer your payment for products and the customer relationship.
to assess your creditworthiness in connection with your application, confirm your identity and your contact information, and protect you and others from fraud.
to confirm your identity, also through the use of electronic signature, and verify your personal and contact details.
to prove that transactions have been executed.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to comply with internal procedures.
to assess which payment options and services to offer you, for example by carrying out internal and external credit assessments.
for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes.
to communicate with you in relation to our Services.
to comply with applicable UK laws, such as anti-money laundering and booking keeping laws and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks.
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that PayPal remains a secure financial service and continuing to offer services that are innovative and of interest to you. We do this where
our legitimate interests are not outweighed by your right not to have your data processed for this purpose
.
These activities include:
to ensure that content is presented in the most effective way for you and your device.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to determine your eligibility for and to communicate with you about Services for which you may qualify or that may be of interest to you, for example by carrying out internal credit assessments.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to improve our Services and for general business development purposes, for example improving risk models to minimize fraud, develop new products and features and explore new business opportunities.
To keep your account, profile and financial information accurate and up to date.
for marketing, product and customer analysis, including testing, for example to improve our product range and optimize our customer offerings.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering, bookkeeping laws, regulatory capital adequacy requirements, and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities where we are not compelled by UK law but where we have a good faith belief that sharing the information is necessary to comply with applicable law.
to facilitate your participation in competitions, offerings, and events.
to conduct financial risk management obligations such as credit performance and quality, insurance risks and compliance with capital adequacy requirements under applicable law
to process information about your contacts to make it easy for you to find and connect them and improve payment accuracy.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
to provide you with information, news, and marketing about our Services, including where we partner with others to offer similar services.
to associate information about you to identify your use of Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Pay Without a PayPal account), and to associate such transactions with your PayPal account, if you have one or later establish an account.
to remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as which of your payment methods you prefer or whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
We have a legal obligation under UK laws to conduct certain processing activities.
We do this where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws
.
These activities include:
to provide our Services and products.
to certify your identity, also for signature purposes, and verify your personal and contact details.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering and bookkeeping laws and regulatory capital adequacy requirements and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities.
We rely on your explicit and voluntary consent
to process your Personal Data to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, providing biometric data, targeted advertising, linking your email account for package tracking or connecting to a third-party platform. You may change your mind about use of these features at any time through your account settings. Note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. Please refer to Section 10 (“
Your data protection rights
”) for more information on your right to withdraw your consent.
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
We will share your Personal Data with third parties where there is a lawful basis to do so.
This includes:
With other Other Services
, in order to provide you with the Services and for our own legitimate interests in conducting our business. These interests are described further in Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which legal basis?
”)
.
With authorities
, to the extent we are under a legal obligation to do so. Such authorities include tax authorities, police authorities, enforcement authorities and supervisory authorities in relevant countries. We may also be required to provide competent authorities information about your use of our Services, for example revenue or tax authorities, which may include your name, address and information regarding card transactions processed by us on your behalf through our Services. The legal basis for complying with disclosure obligations under UK law is legal obligation and where acting under non-UK law, on the basis of our legitimate interest to comply with relevant laws to deter illegal conduct.
With other financial institutions and card networks
, for example to facilitate payment processing, to jointly offer a product or to add cards to your electronic wallet. For payment transactions with Fastlane, your Personal Data will be shared with the provider of the payment services for the participating Partner and Merchant to enable the processing of the payment transaction. The payment provider for the Partner and Merchant may be PayPal or a third party payment provider. The legal basis for our disclosure is performance of our contract with you. These parties may also access your Personal Data for other legitimate purposes such as identity verification, fraud prevention and risk management. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our Partners and Merchants to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our Partners and Merchants to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest to conduct business and recover debts. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them, and they may report your unpaid debts to credit reporting agencies which may affect your creditworthiness or ability to secure future credit.
With service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as marketing, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With other Users in accordance with your account settings
. You may display or make certain information available to other Users, such as your profile photo, first and last name, username, or city in accordance with your account settings. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. Please note that you can change your profile settings at any time and at no cost to you.
With financial institutions in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, for example when you initiate an account connection with another bank, card account, or aggregator. We do this to check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account. When you choose to link your account the legal basis for accessing your account data is performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, save your payment information with Fastlane, pay other Users, use the Services, or return goods we may share information about you and your account or Fastlane profile with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you and for our legitimate interests. We may also disclose Personal Data to Partners and Merchants to enable their use of our Services to facilitate your transactions. For example, when you visit a participating Merchant site or app, the Merchant can check whether you are a user of PayPal services and present a recommended payment method to you to simplify your checkout process. If you choose to interact with participating Partners and Merchants through Fastlane, we will disclose your Fastlane profile information with the participating Partners and Merchants and their services providers, and facilitate your transaction, shopping experience or other interaction on participating Partners and Merchants sites.
Please note that Personal Data shared with Partners and Merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners and Merchants’ own privacy policies and procedures.  We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of Partners and Merchants.
With third parties that are independent data controllers
, for example when we share Personal Data to credit reference agencies, acquirers and other financial institutions, or security products to prevent bots from accessing our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the processing of Personal Data you share with them. For more information specific to credit reference agencies we partner to assess your creditworthiness, see Section 12, (“
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
”).
With buyers or in connection with business transfer
, for example if we sell business or assets, we may share your Personal Data to a buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Data may also be shared. PayPal has a legitimate interest in being able to carry out these transactions.
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Data used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years
Personal Data in relation to a legal obligation to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations.
We retain Personal Data for the least amount of time necessary where retention is advisable in light of litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live. We use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States and other countries. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with UK data protection laws, to protect your Personal Data. For transfers of Personal Data from the EU within PayPal and Other Services, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (available
here
). For transfers of personal data from the UK, these are based on the UK Addendum (approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office) to the EU standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission, to help ensure your information is afforded a high standard of protection and that your privacy rights are respected.
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to recognise you as a User, customise your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Sites and Services. Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you decline certain Cookies, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.
Cookies help us to do the following:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails
Tailor our online services to your preferences
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services
Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. At this time our Sites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
to learn more about our use of Cookies.
10. Your Data Protection Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to control our collection and use of your Personal Data. Your rights include:
Access, rectification, deletion, objection, portability, and restriction of your Personal Data
We recognize the importance of your ability to control use of your Personal Data and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), rectification (correction or update), deletion (erasure), objection, portability (transferring), and to restrict process in whole or in part.
If you have an account you can exercise your data protection rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from account settings in the PayPal app. If you, or an authorised agent, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Data in your Fastlane profile, contact us at the number provided in the Our Contact Information section or submit your request from your Fastlane profile management portal.
Even if you do not you have a PayPal account (for example, where you use Pay without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, modification, correction, or deletion of your information Personal Data by contacting us at the number provided in the Our Contact Information section. You can submit a request related to someone else’s information, if you are their authorised agent, by contacting us. Please note that we may require you to provide additional information for verification.
Your right to object to the Automated Decisions and profiling
If you are not approved under the Automated Decisions described below, you will not have access to our services, such as our payment methods. PayPal has several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. If you have any concern about the outcome, you can
contact us
, and we will determine whether the procedure was performed appropriately.
You have the right to object to an Automated Decision with legal consequences or decisions which can otherwise significantly affect you (together with the relevant profiling) by
contacting us
. We will then review the decision, taking into account relevant additional circumstances.
Consent
Generally, if we use your Personal Data with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on a lawful processing ground other than consent.
Right to object to Direct Marketing
If we use your Personal Data for direct marketing, you can always modify your permissions, object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in electronic communications or through your account or profile settings.
Right to object to Legitimate Interest processing
If we use your Personal Data to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third-party, you have the right to object to our use for that purpose. See Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
”)
How do you exercise your rights and how can you contact us or the data protection authority?
If you are unhappy with our processing of your Personal Data for any reason, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in your country.
By contacting our Data Protection Officer, please see Section 18 (“
Our Contact Information
”).
You may also seek a remedy through
local courts
if you believe your rights have been breached.
You may also lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office: website: https://ico.org.uk/, address: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF.
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
“
Automated-decision making”
is the process of making a decision by fully automated means without human involvement. In some cases these decisions
could have a legal or similarly significant
effect on you as an individual. “
Profiling
” means analysis of an individual's personality, behaviour, interest and habits to make predictions or decisions about them. Where authorised under UK law or where necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract, we may in some cases use automated decision-making or profiling for decisions. An example of our use of automated decision making is evaluation of your creditworthiness to assess your suitability for certain credit products.
We believe that by making such decisions automatically, PayPal increases its objectivity and transparency in deciding which services to offer you. We deploy several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. You can always ask for a manual decision-making process instead, express your opinion or contest decision making based solely on automated processing, including profiling, if such a decision would produce
legal effects or otherwise similarly significantly affect you
. You can find out more about how to object to these decisions in Section 10
(“Your data protection rights”)
.
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
if you require more information on our use of Automated-decision making or Profiling.
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
If you have applied for or use our credit Services, in order to process your application, we may supply your Personal Data to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.
The legal bases for such transmissions are found in Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b (contractual) and Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f (legitimate interest) of the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”).
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. This information may be supplied by CRAs to other organizations to perform similar checks and to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.
Your data will also be linked to the data of any joint applicants or other financial associates.
How to Find Out More
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
for details of which CRA we have used for a specific search.
The list of CRAs used in the UK and EEA, can be found
here
, including identities of the CRAs used in each relevant country, and a link to their privacy notice from which you can determine the ways in which they use and share Personal Data, including how long they will retain such Personal Data. You can contact the credit reference agencies operating in the country in which you live directly if you have any questions regarding their services, your credit score or the information they have stored about you, or if you wish to exercise your data subject rights towards them.
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorisation controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorised.
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children under the age of 16 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. If you are a new User or are receiving this Privacy Statement for the first time and there is an upcoming change described on the
Policy Updates
or Privacy Statement page at the time you receive this Privacy Statement, such upcoming change will apply to you on the indicated effective date.
16. Users in the UK
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country.
Specifically, you acknowledge that PayPal may do any and all of the following with your information:
Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation laws implementing the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) and OECD Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by FATCA or CRS, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies.
Disclose account Information to intellectual property right owners if under applicable law they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used.
Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
Disclose your name and PayPal link in the PayPal user directory. Your details will be confirmed to other PayPal users in response to a user searching using your name, email address or telephone number, or part of these details. This is to ensure people make payments to the correct user. This feature can be turned off in the PayPal profile settings.
If you as a Partner and Merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such third party necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed here. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each "Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your account information or to whom we may consider disclosing your account information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was shared).
Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to Personal Data.
Share necessary account information with unaffiliated third parties (listed here) for their use for the following purposes:
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
17. Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Other Services means companies or separate brands, affiliates or subsidiaries of PayPal, Inc., and who process Personal Data in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. Examples include Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., and Hyperwallet.
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partner and Merchant means the merchant or business that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay Without a PayPal account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without using a PayPal account, a Fastlane profile, or the Unbranded Payment Services.
PayPal means PayPal UK Ltd, which offers PayPal, Xoom, Unbranded Payment Services and Fastlane profile services.
Personal Data means information that can be associated with an identified or directly or indirectly identifiable natural person. “Personal Data” can include, but is not limited to, name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email address, payment card number, other financial account information, account number, date of birth, government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number, national ID, passport number), and biometrics.
Processing means any method or way that we handle Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether by automated means, such as by collection, recording, categorization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.
Services  means any PayPal Unbranded Payment Services, Pay Without a PayPal account, PayPal Groups, Fastlane, Xoom, credit products and services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal, with the exception of the Other Services. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card and/or direct debit payment services that do not carry the PayPal brand, or when you use our Braintree services.
User is any person who uses the Services as a consumer for personal or household use. For the purposes of this Notice, “User” includes “you” and “your”.
18. Our Contact Information
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
or offline at PayPal UK Ltd at 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.
Click
here
to contact us about your PayPal Account or Service or Unbranded Payment Services.
Click
here
to contact us about your Xoom Account or Service.
To contact us about your Fastlane profile: visit your Fastlane profile management portal.
Status disclosure
PayPal UK Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) as an electronic money institution (firm reference number 994790); in relation to its regulated consumer credit activities (firm reference number 996405); and for the provision of cryptocurrency services (firm reference number 1000741). Some products and services, such as PayPal Pay in 3 and PayPal Working Capital, are not regulated by the FCA and may offer a lower level of protection. Please read product terms for further details. PayPal UK Ltd's company number is 14741686. Its registered office is 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.