Privacy Statement
This privacy statement outlines the type of data collected by shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie and how it used.
By using shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie you are accepting the terms of this privacy statement. Any external websites that may be accessed throughshannonside.ie /northernsound.ie are subject to their own privacy statements and are not the responsibility of Shannonside / Northern Sound.
By using shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of the data we collect outlined in this statement. Any changes to this notice will be posted here and your continued use of shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie will be subject to the then-current policy.
Information we collect and where it comes from
When you visit shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie, there are two types of information that we may collect on you, personal and non-personal.
Personal
A user may need to submit personal data on shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie for the following purpose;
General Enquiries through our contact form
Non-Personal
If you're just browsing our website, we collect the same basic non-personal information that most websites collect. We use common internet technologies, such as cookies, server logs and Google Analytics. This is stuff we collect from everybody. This is collected anonymously and helps us deliver a better experience on shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie
Use of Information
Shannonside / Northern Sound collects personal data submitted through shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie contact forms to respond to enquiries and track further correspondence. Personal information collected from these general enquires is not used for any other purpose.
Cookies
This website uses “cookie” technology. We may update our Cookie Policy to reflect any changes in technology or legislation which may affect the way in which cookies are used by us and how you as a user, can manage them.
The information generated by the cookie relates to information about your use of our website. It will record the number of user sessions on the site and track the number of users who return to the site. By using shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie, you consent to our use of cookies. You are always free to decline our cookies (if your browser permits), or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion.
When you visit a page with content embedded from a third party, for example, Youtube, Facebook or other social media widgets, these service providers may use their own cookies.
We do not control the use of these cookies and cannot access them as they can only be accessed by the party who originally sent them. You should check the third party websites for more information about these cookies.
Please note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics which is an analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information stored in the cookie is transmitted and stored by Google on their servers and then used to evaluate visitors’ use of our website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for us. You can find out more information about Google Analytics here
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Updating and requesting your personal data
At any time, you have the right to request access to, rectification of and / or erasure of any personal data we hold about you. You can make any such requests to our Privacy Officer in writing or by emailing
info@northernsound.ie
If you have not provided us with any personal information, we will not be able to provide you with any information you request
How long we hold your data for
Your personal data provided to us is stored for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected. Any data that is no longer necessary due to being out of date or inaccurate will be deleted.
Security
We take reasonable technical, physical and administrative measures to ensure any personal data provided to us is secure to prevent any unauthorised access, theft and loss.
In the event of a personal data breach, Shannonside / Northern Sound will take all steps necessary and comply with any
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade User Personal Information with third parties for their commercial purposes.
Complaints
Any complaints on the use & retetion of data can be emailed to info@northernsound.ie
Northern Sound App
To access certain features of the Northern Sound app, users are required to create an account with personal information to sign in. This information is collected and processed by our app developer Harpoon Connect. Privacy Policy regarding our app can be found here:
http://harpoonconnect.com/privacy/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://harpoonconnect.com/privacy/:
Skip to main content
HarpoonConnect.com
Buy now:
$4,395
▸ Buy now
Processing
or
▸ Start payment plan
Processing
See details
30-day money back guarantee
Take immediate ownership
Safe and secure shopping
HarpoonConnect.com
This domain is for sale:
$4,395
Buy now for
$4,395
or pay
$366.25
per month for 12 months
▸ Buy now
Processing
or
▸ Start payment plan
Processing
This domain is for sale:
$4,395
▸ Buy now
Processing
or
▸ Start payment plan
Processing
See details
Favorite
Questions? Talk to a domain expert:
1‑303‑893‑0552
Enjoy zero percent financing
Quick delivery of the domain
Safe and secure shopping
Since 2005, we've helped thousands of people get the perfect domain name
E
Easy to follow the steps to manage my domain.
- Eric Kuan, November 27, 2024
M
Very easy, step-by-step instructions to purchase a domain. AWESOME that you have payment plan and even moreso that it's interest-free. Very smart, made it feasible for me. Thank you!
- Michael Charest, November 26, 2024
R
The transaction went through perfectly. No issues. Happy customer.
- Robert Chisholm, November 20, 2024
R
Happy to support huge domains.com, they sold me the domain that I needed, and the paperwork was painless. Will happily use them again.
- Richard Lawson, November 19, 2024
J
They were a big help to us helping us purchase domain name.
- James Downey, November 11, 2024
See more testimonials
Customer success stories
Read
inspiring stories
about people who found great domains.
I've always loved the saying 'think globally, work locally,' and I think this is one of the keys to growing a business.
Eddie Deva, PixelBull.com
Read the story
Our promise to you
30-day money back guarantee
HugeDomains provides a 100% satisfaction guarantee on every domain name that we sell through our website. If you buy a domain and are unhappy with it, we will accept the return within 30 days and issue a full refund – no questions asked.
Quick delivery of the domain
In most cases access to the domain will be available within one to two hours of purchase, however access to domains purchased after business hours will be available within the next business day.
Safe and secure shopping
Your online safety and security is our top priority. We understand the importance of protecting your personal information.
We protect your information through SSL encryption technology, providing the safest, most secure shopping experience possible. Additionally, you may checkout with PayPal or Escrow.com.
FAQs
See more FAQs
How do I transfer to another registrar such as GoDaddy?
Yes, you can transfer your domain to any registrar or hosting company once you have purchased it. Since domain transfers are a manual process, it can take up to 5 days to transfer the domain.
Domains purchased with payment plans are not eligible to transfer until all payments have been made. Please remember that our 30-day money back guarantee is void once a domain has been transferred.
For transfer instructions to GoDaddy, please
click here
.
How do I get the domain after the purchase?
Once you purchase the domain we will push it into an account for you at our registrar, NameBright.com, we will then send you an email with your NameBright username and password. In most cases access to the domain will be available within one to two hours of purchase, however access to domains purchased after business hours will be available within the next business day.
What comes with the domain name?
Nothing else is included with the purchase of the domain name. Our registrar NameBright.com does offer email packages for a yearly fee, however you will need to find hosting and web design services on your own.
Do you offer payment plans?
Yes we offer payment plans for up to 12 months.
See details
.
How do I keep my personal information private?
If you wish the domain ownership information to be private, add WhoIs Privacy Protection to your domain. This hides your personal information from the general public.
To add privacy protection to your domain, do so within your registrar account. NameBright offers WhoIs Privacy Protection for free for the first year, and then for a small fee for subsequent years.
Whois information is not updated immediately. It typically takes several hours for Whois data to update, and different registrars are faster than others. Usually your Whois information will be fully updated within two days.
See more FAQs
Your Web address means everything – watch our video see why
Your Web address means everything
watch our video see why
Other domains you might like
EHarpoon.com
▸ See domain
$5,595
EwConnect.com
▸ See domain
$3,595
HarpoonHoldings.com
▸ See domain
$1,895
Quick stats
Domain length
14 characters
Keywords
Harpoon
,
Connect
Base domain
HarpoonConnect
TLD extension
.com
HarpoonConnect.com
▸ Buy now
▸ Start Payment Plan